{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15792920", "title": "Special issue on New Mangalore port released", "text": "MANGALORE: P Tamilvanan, chairperson, New Mangalore Port Trust (NMPT), released a special issue on NMPT titled '3 Decades of NMPT: Service to the Nation' brought out by Johnwill Marine Information.Tamilvanan appreciated the efforts of John, the managing director of Johnwill Marine Information, for publishing an informative issue on the history, growth and the present development activities at the port. He called on the shipping fraternity to patronize such publications.Tamilvanan assured the publication that the special issue will be circulated widely so that people become aware of the history of NMPT.For copies of the book, call: 0824-2458440, 9886933942", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15785736", "title": "Irrigation scam: Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation admits Rs 17,700cr hike in just 3 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) has confirmed a TOI report and acknowledged it increased costs of 37 irrigation projects in Vidarbha by Rs 17,700 crore within just three months in 2009. This is the first official reaction from the controversial Nagpur-based corporation following a series of reports in TOI which exposed dubious cost escalations in irrigation projects running into thousands of crores.The VIDC reports to the state water resources department, a portfolio which has been retained by the Nationalist Congress Party for over a decade.The corporation said costs increased due to increase in district schedule of rates, land acquisition rates, increase of royalty charges for construction material, increase in rehabilitation grant to project-affected persons, change in scope of project, shortage of funds and delay in construction due to opposition from locals, among other things. It reasoned that sometimes there is \"increase in completion period of project due to various reasons like clearances of projects falling under forest areas''.An expose in this newspaper on August 6 had said that VIDC had okayed a Rs 20,000 crore hike in the cost of 38 irrigation projects in Vidarbha, from Rs 6,672 crore to Rs 26,722 crore, by VIDC in three months.In its reply to this newspaper, VIDC said, \"32 projects were cleared by VIDC between June and August 2009, and five projects which were submitted to the government prior to 2005 were accorded revised administrative approvals. During this period, VIDC approved increases of Rs 17,700 crore from the previously approved costs of these projects''. Interestingly, several of these approvals were given just days before the election code of conduct for the state assembly polls came into force in August 2009.VIDC said, \"Increase in costs are technically assessed by superintending engineers and chief engineers of VIDC in the field. The precise increases by various causes are identified and submitted with recommendation to the corporation office. Orders sanctioning revised administrative approvals (RAA) are issued after general scrutiny and ascertaining the fulfilment of prescribed norms of feasibility, and after the approval of the competent authority of the corporation.''VIDC further admitted that the cost of the Lower Wardha project increased from Rs 950 crore to Rs 2,356 crore; Upper Wardha project from Rs 951 crore to Rs 1,376 crore and Bembla project from Rs 1,278 crore to Rs 2,176 crore.However, the VIDC's claim that the 'government delegated powers to accord administrative approvals (AA) or RAA to the VIDC in 2007' has been debunked by high-level sources.\"VIDC was delegated with these powers only for five backlog districts of Vidarbha region which were facing immense distress. But the corporation issued AA and RAA for non-backlog districts like Nagpur. It abused its powers to grant approvals to 38 projects in June to August, 2009,'' said sources.They added that although VIDC was delegated with these powers, these approvals were required to be passed through a three-level scrutiny committee\u2014implementing agency, technical committee and at the board level. \"None of the AA or RAA was scrutinized by these committees. Besides, none of the approvals bear the signature of the water resources department secretary, who is also the ex-officio managing director of VIDC and heads its executive committee,'' said sources.\"If VIDC's approvals were subjected to detailed scrutiny by an independent administrative authority, they would be found to be illegal,'' sources claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "sheikhpura", "code": "15779487", "title": "Sheikhpura MLA rushed to PMCH", "text": "SHEIKHPURA: JD(U) MLA from Sheikhpura Randhir Kumar Soni, who survived bid on his life in a powerful landmine explosion near his native village late on Saturday evening in which he received injuries and the rear portion of his vehicle badly damaged, was sent to PMCH on Sunday for treatment after he complained of severe headache and vomiting in the wee hours of Sunday, said his younger brother, Shankar Neta.The first-term MLA from Sheikhpura was returning to his native village, Murarpur, from a tour of his constituency. As his vehicle reached Tanti bridge, a powerful explosion occurred metres away from his vehicle and the impact of the explosion was such that his vehicle overturned in which the MLA received injuries in his head, face and back, around 8 pm on Saturday. His two bodyguards, who were traveling with him and the driver of the vehicle, also sustained minor injuries.Sheikhpura SP Anusuiya Ransingh Sahu, along with DSP, Santosh Kumar and a large contingent of police reached the spot and recovered fuse wire and battery from there indicating the explosive used to blow up the MLA's vehicle was a powerful landmine which was triggered from some distance. The assailant missed the target by seconds due to darkness, said one Amit Kumar of Murarpur village.While confirming recovery of the fuse wire and battery from the site of explosion, the SP said on Sunday that prima facie the explosive seems to be landmine but ruled out speculation about the involvement of Maoists, adding it could be the handiwork of criminals which will come clear after investigation. She added that police are also probing the possible involvement of Ashok Mahto gang as alleged by the legislator himself just after the incident on Saturday. The SP said that the MLA's statement has been taken but no arrests have been made so far. A forensic team from Patna also reached the spot of the explosion and sniffer dogs were also pressed into action. She said Bhagalpur IG A Ambedkar and Munger DIG Anil Kishore Yadav are camping there since Saturday night to supervise the progress of the investigation.This is the first instance in the state when criminals exploded a landmine to eliminate someone. Hitherto, only Maoists were known to use this method.Shankar Neta said Ashok Mahto gang is after his life and the gang had made two abortive attempts in the past to eliminate the legislator. The gangster is in Nawada jail in connection with the infamous Manipur massacre (under Ariyari PS of the district) in 2004 in which eight persons were killed. His two accomplices -- Pintu Mahto and Bachchu Mahto -- are in Sheikhpura Jail in connection with the same case since 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797131", "title": "Hospital negligence blamed for professor death", "text": "RANCHI: Several students, particularly girls, participated in a demonstration on the city's busy Circular Road on Sunday to protest against the death of professor Basanti Kujur due to alleged absence of oxygen cylinders and other life-saving systems at a city hospital that operates under the banner of Ranchi Chikitsak Sangh (RCS). Kujur, warden of the girls' hostel at Ranchi Women's College, was admitted to the hospital late on Saturday after she complained of restlessness.The deceased's husband Lalit Kachhap said: \"At midnight, she needed immediate treatment but there was no one around at the hospital.\" He said that the hospital does not have an ambulance service and no doctor came to attend to her. The drivers of a couple of ambulances, which were standing in the hospital campus, were also not available.Ranchi civil surgeon A K Choudhary said that sent two ambulances were to the hospital to shift the patients from the hospital in case the protests spiral out of control. \"A doctor was also sent to take stock of the situation,\" he said. As a precautionary measure, Lalpur police brought Dr G D Banerjee, RCS secretary, to the police station. Station in-charge Venktesh Kumar said: \"He was let go after the agitation was over. Action will be taken against those responsible only after the post-mortem report arrives.\"Kachhap claimed that in place of doctors, it was the other hospital staff who finally brought oxygen cylinders. \"My wife dies because they had not placed the mask properly,\" he said. The patient was under the supervision of Dr S K Pal and Dr A G Das Gupta. The hospital management did not provide contact number of any of the doctors. An attendant of the deceased, Jayanti Devi, said that the doctors escaped from the hospital after the agitation started.As the deceased was also the professor of regional languages at RWC, hundreds of girls turned up at the hospital demanding compensations for the deceased's kin. Nandraj Bhagat, younger brother of the deceased, said, \"After her conditions deteriorated, nurses administered some injections around midnight. Rather than improving her health, the injection further deteriorated her condition.\" Though he could not immediately produce medical proofs for the same, Bhagat said that the injection caused severe bleeding from her nose.Attendants of one more patient Ram Swaroop, who died on Sunday morning, claimed that he died due to negligence on part of the doctors. Ashish Ram, an attendant to the deceased said, \"Doctors did not regularly visit the hospital. It is all left to the nurses.\" Swaroop was admitted into the hospital on August 14 and he was also not suffering from any serious ailment, claimed his attendants.President of RCS J C Roy could not be contacted for his comments. A senior official, seeking anonymity, denied that there was any mismanagement on the part of the hospital management. \"We are not a new hospital. It has been running successfully for the last many years. It is all a campaign to malign our image,\" he added. The dead bodies have been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15798158", "title": "'Wine is becoming cheaper than beer and countrymade liquor'", "text": "All India Wine Producers'Association president Shivaji AherWhat is the scenario of the wine industry in the country?After recession, the wine industry in the country has started picking up for two-three years. Wineries have started getting business enquiries not from across the country but also from overseas. Moreover, investors are also showing interest for investment in wineries. We are also getting enquiries from investors for joint ventures.Nashik has emerged as the wine capital of India as the maximum number of wineries are in Nashik district. Of the country's total 92 wineries, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, five in Solapur, four in Usmanabad, three in Buldhana and one in Latur.How is the demand for wine after recession?The demand for wine was sharply declined during the years 2008 and 2009 following recession and the 26/11 terrorist attack on Taj hotel in Mumbai. As a result, the number of tourists visiting the country had sharply reduced. Now, the demand has started picking up for the last two years. At present, the industry is registering around 30-40% a year-on-year growth for the last two-three years. The wine industry has really a bright future.As president of AIWPA what are your priorities?My priority will be to take all efforts to boost the wine industry. There are several issues pending with the state government. We have been taking follow-up action with the government for the last two years, but not getting a response from its side. Hence my priority will be to take an initiative to sort out all government- related issues.My priority will also be to make available wine to all type of customers at cheaper rates. Hence, efforts will also be taken to improve the distribution channel system.Maximum wine is sold in hotels, but they charge extra or more than the retail rates that makes wine more expensive. Hence, instead of selling wine at extra charges, they must sell it at around 10% margins. This will increase the volume of wine sales in hotels. We plan to meet the associations of hotels in the country on this issue.What are the issues pending with the state or Central governments?There are several issues pending with the state government and we have been following issues for the last two years, but the government is not co-operating with us. The excise norms for wine must be relaxed to some extent to boost the wine industry in the state. Hence, the government must take measures for the growth of the wine industry in the state.The liquor shops get licences from the excise department, but they call themselves wine shops instead of liquor shops. If they sell liquor they should be called liquor shops.There is no proper wine policy in the country. There is no uniform duty structure across the country. Every state in the country has its own policy and different duties. This is the major problem we are facing. Hence, wine should be included in the proposed goods &amp; services tax (GST) with an aim to have uniform duty and tax structure throughout the country. If this is not possible, then all states should have a uniform wine policy.We have also approached the state and Central governments to introduce interest subvention scheme for the wineries. We are constantly following up the issue. This will definitely give relief to the industry once this scheme is introduced.The table grape growers, who had diverted to cultivation of wine grapes, had suffered losses as some wineries had not accepted their grapes three-four years ago. They again went back to table grapes. What were the reasons and what is the association doing in this connection?There was excess production during the years 2007 and 2008 and the demand was less, comparatively. Moreover, most of the grape-growers had planted wine grape varieties without signing contracts with the wineries. Basically, grape is contract farming and grape-growers should not plant wine grape varieties without singing contracts with the wineries.Wine is still costlier than liquor and we have no wine culture here. What is the association doing in this connection?Initially, we only concentrated on the premium segment with the price range from Rs 350 to Rs 700 per bottle (750 ml). We did not target the consumers from all the price ranges. Country-made liquor is sold at Rs 150 per bottle, while beer for Rs 110. But, we have started focusing on producing wine that will be cheaper than beer. Seven to eight wineries in Maharashtra have started selling wine at Rs 100 per bottle. Wine sale in the country has increased due to availability of cheap wine. Hence, wine has become cheaper than beer and liquor.How do you see the growth of the industry in the next few years?Today, the industry is in the process of restructuring. The industry has started growing at the growth rate of 30-40% for the last two years. We have started getting good business enquiries not only from across the country, but also from overseas. Indian Grape Processing Board and Agricultural and Processed Food Products Exports Development Authority have taken initiatives to promote the wine industry and increase sales. APEADA had recently promoted wineries in Canada, China, London and Sri Lanka .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15780676", "title": "Molestation slur on inspector, shifted to police lines", "text": "PATNA: The in charge inspector of Pirbahore police station, Rahmat Ali, has been accused of trying to outrage the modesty of a girl, Nisha (name changed), in a city hotel on August 22. The inspector was shifted to the police lines on Sunday.City SP, Jayant Kant said Nisha lodged an FIR with Sultanganj Mahila police station in this connection on Sunday night.Nisha works for a life insurance company. She alleged that Rahmat called her to room number 209 of a hotel in the name of taking a policy from her. When Nisha found the inspector alone and wanted to return, he allegedly tried to outrage her modesty but she managed to escape. On August 23, Nisha went to women's helpline and lodged a complaint. \"She initially lodged the complaint in writing mentioning that the police officer pushed her towards the bed and also abused her. But on August 24, she submitted a petition that her complaint should not be published in media,\" said Pramila Kumari, coordinator, women's helpline, adding that during a meeting with the inspector on August 25, Neha, however, said she had forgiven the inspector. \"She also said an SI of the same police station provoked her to lodge a complaint against the inspector,\" Pramila said.However, Pramila said the women's helpline on Sunday handed over Neha's written petition to the City SP.Jayant Kant said, \"The inspector has been transferred to police lines as a departmental inquiry is going on against him.\"Sunil Kumar, DIG, central range said, \"Departmental inquiry is going on against the police official concerned and appropriate action would be taken in this connection.\"DGP Abhayanand said, \"Police can always take any case suo motu but we need an informant.\"Meanwhile, Rahmat Ali vehemently denied the allegations. Rahmat said he had taken a policy from her and she started pressurizing him to recommend her to persons known to him to take policy. Rahmat said he, along with some of his staff, was present in a hotel when she reached there and asked him to get her more policies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15795516", "title": "Replica of famous Pashupatinath temple in city lies neglected", "text": "VARANASI: The Samrajeshwar Pashupatinath temple, situated at Lalita ghat along the Ganga, is seeking help from the Nepalese government to take the responsibility of the ancient site in Varanasi. The two-storeyed pagoda style architecture is a replica of Pashupatinath temple of Kathmandu in Nepal. The temple and its adjacent area belong to the Nepalese government.Samrajeshwar Pashupatinath Temple trust incharge Lekhnath Acharya said that a proposal has been sent to the government of Nepal seeking financial support as the maintenance of this 160 years old place of worship is proving impossible. The grant, which is given to the temple trust by Nepalese government annually is proving insufficient to maintain it and also operate the rest house, old age home and an scholars home.\"The pagoda style architecture distinguishes it from other Indian temples. It is popular among foreign tourists for its exquisite mythological and erotic carvings on terracotta, wood and stone by artisans from Nepal,\" Acharya said.Despite the location of Kashi Vishwanath temple in the vicinity, this temple of Lord Shiva is neglected by Indian devotees. \"Very few local people know the fact that the temple is a replica of Pashupatinath temple of Nepal. Mostly foreigners visit this place. The temple generates most of its revenue by realizing a sum of Rs 15 from foreigners. There is no entry fee for Nepalese and Indian devotees,\" Acharya said.The temple also has a rest house, an old age home and an informal Vedic school. \"A sum of Rs 3 lakh is given to the trust by Nepalese government. The government also gives Rs 50,000 for maintaining the tourist information counter in the premises of the temple. The information counter was developed five years back to inform foreigners about the tourists sites, food and accommodation in Nepal,\" Acharya said. \"The grant is too less to maintain the temple. We dependent on the tourist revenue only,\" he added.\"As many as 19 old women from Nepal and a few from north eastern states of India are dwelling in the old age home. The home is also open for men, some old age couple have come and stayed here earlier but they left because the facilities that they looked for were not available here,\" Acharya said.Aarti, an elderly woman dwelling in the home, women spend the spare time in making devotional articles and sell them to local traders.\"Even the rest house remains neglected for most of the year. Rest houses are only made available to Indian and Nepalese devotees, but as the temple site is located in interior, not many people come and stay. Another factor that restrict the devotees to stay in the rest house is lack of publicity and heavy security arrangements in the areas,\" he added. \"A proposal for renovation of the rest house and old age home with better facilities has been sent to the government,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15784397", "title": "Rights body holds meet on co-existence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The darga of Haji Malang is kept/maintained/run by a Hindu Brahmin family and draws followers from all faiths, backgrounds and genders. Mario D'Penha, doctoral candidate at Rutgers University, is studying how this darga perched on a plateau outside Mumbai could welcome so diverse a crowd, especially in the context of growing intolerance everywhere else. He spoke at \"Transgressing Boundaries\" \u2014 including a talk, the screening of Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy's Oscar-winning Trangenders, and a slide show of photographs \u2014 at Gallery Engendered Space, Shahpur Jat , on Sunday.D'Penha, 30, finds that institutions become more orthodox \"as they become powerful enough to attract money and political power.\" \"The exclusion of the marginalized hasn't happened in the 300 years of this place's recorded history. It's trust built over the generations,\" he says. Engendered is an \"arts and human rights organization\" that started in New York . The organization intends to offer a \"cultural counter\" to the \"rising climate of fundamentalism,\" says its director, Myna Mukherjee. The \"salon events,\" like that on Sunday, offer \"critical interventions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15786989", "title": "'Cop in cahoots with encroachers'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Claiming that Tukaramgate inspector B Sudarshan Reddy had refused to accept his complaint pertaining to government land encroachment, Marredpally tehsildar K Ramakrishna lodged a complaint with the Hyderabad district collector and city police commissioner.On Saturday morning, a group of individuals descended on a 3,000 square yard government land (survey number 74) in Azad Chandrasekhar Nagar in Addagutta and started preparatory work to take possession of the property. The issue came to the notice of Marredpally tehsildar K Ramakrishna and he immediately lodged a complaint with Tukaramgate inspector B Sudarshan Reddy, which the latter reportedly refused to accept.The tehsildar then informed the issue in writing to Hyderabad district collector S A M Rizvi and police commissioner Anurag Sharma. Based on the directions of the collector, an eight-member team of officials led by Secunderabad RDO Ravindra Babu visited the spot on Sunday and recorded the statements of the inspector and tehsildar Ramakrishna.\"The inspector knows the land is government property and still he is assisting people who are trying to encroach itWe have put up boards at the land declaring that it is a government property and the report has been submitted to the Hyderabad collector,\" the RDO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779786", "title": "Two speed demons reined in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Showing off on newly bought superbikes can prove costly. Ask Ankit Dave and Ram Subhadra of Satellite whose Harley Davidson bikes are now lying in the Vastrapur police station campus.A team of Vastrapur police officials during night patrolling on Saturday seized two Harley Davidson bikes from near Pakwan crossroads from two teens. The duo first drew attention to them and their bikes by constant revving and speeding. The cops dismounted the two teen bike enthusiasts and seized their bikes as they did not have vehicle-registration papers. \"One of the bikes did not even have a number plate. The bikes cost Rs 6.5 lakh and Rs 7.5 lakh,\" said a police official.The seizure was effected when officials led by Vastrapur inspector D D Gohil were patrolling near Pakwan crossroads on Saturday night due to weekend rush. At that time, the cops noticed that youths riding the superbikes were making noise by revving up the bikes. The group then went to the SG Road only to return after half an hour in a similar fashion.\"It was evident that the bikers were flaunting their prized possession for the crowd gathered around eateries. As we spotted that the bikes were Harley Davidson, we stopped the riders and asked for the papers. The duo couldn't produce the mandatory documents and said that they didn't keep them due to rainy season. One of the bikes didn't have a number plate. When quizzed, the youth riding the bike said that he had recently bought the bike and was just out for a ride,\" said Gohil.Gohil said that the bikes were seized from the spot and were taken to the police station. The duo was asked to produce the papers to take their bikes back. The riders were identified as Ankit Dave and Ram Subhadra, both residents of Satellite. Officials said that both come from well-to-do families and had recently purchased the bikes from a city-based showroom. The superbikes created a rage at the Vastrapur police station as almost every visitor wanted to have a look at the Harleys. With its skull-shaped rear-view mirrors and fine finish, it attracted so much attention that the cops had to cover it and shift it at backyard of the police station.The cops admitted to having received a number of phone calls for release of the bikes till late night. \"There was pressure not to register a case or seize the expensive bikes, but we wanted to create an example for the other bike riders. With recent incidents involving bikers, we decided to keep a tab on the expensive high-powered bikes in the future,\" The number of superbikes with more than 500 cc is on the rise in the city and SG Road and areas around it are favourite playgrounds for them. Thus, it is time to become extra vigilant,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15797943", "title": "Traditional games make a comeback in Madurai school", "text": "MADURAI: Parents of students of a city school have been given an opportunity to try their hand at traditional games as part of the school's ongoing silver jubilee celebrations. Siddhu Matriculation School in Viswanathapuram is organising traditional games like 'gilli thanda', kite flying, marbles and various other events every month as the school celebrates its 25th year.On Saturday, K R Ashok whose wards are studying in the school was a happy man as he was gleefully trying his hands at marbles. \"Not in my wildest dreams did I think I will play marbles again since my father caned me when I tried playing in my childhood. But I am playing the same marbles with my children as the school has arranged for such an event,\" he recalled. For many parents, playing traditional games has brought back the old memories of their childhood. \"We are thrilled by these traditional games and as we play them, we fondly recall all our childhood,\" another parent R Yuganeswarai said. \"We also feel sad that our present generation is not aware of these thrills but are tied to computer games. The school can also think about many more such traditional games that were lost over the period,\" she added.For P Lalitha, another parent from Malaysia who settled down in Madurai a few years ago, the entire effort looked very novel. \"Providing an opportunity to play our traditional games is a novel measure by the school because I have not come across such efforts in schools in the country where I lived,\" she said.Suganya Jegannathan, correspondent of Siddhu School, said they had decided to give an opportunity to parents to play traditional games as part of the silver jubilee celebrations. \"We have arranged some traditional sports in June and after seeing the response from parents, decided to organise the sports every month. In July, parents were asked to ply kites, another traditional sport many parents played in their childhood. We will ask our parents to come out with many more traditional games they have played during their childhood days and organise them in the school,\" she said. \"We want to make our silver jubilee celebrations a memorable one for the parents too,\" she added. School sources said the traditional sports will not be held in September since there are exams but they will be held in October again.The school on Saturday also arranged a cooking competition for women on traditional food items made from ragi. The competition was named as 'grandmother cuisine'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15792714", "title": "Serving the needy for free", "text": "MYSORE: In today's fast-paced environment, people are left thinking about making a choice between health and wealth. Often, many are left suffering due to the lack of another. But, this doctor from Mysore ensures that shortage of wealth or deficiency in health does not come in the way while treating his patients.As an ayurvedic doctor, Nagesh N has been following the principle of health maintenance, prevention of diseases and finding a cure for sickness. Involved in treating the poor, Nagesh takes care of his patients suffering from chronic illness and mental disorders for free since they can't afford expensive treatments which runs for couple of years or even more.He says: \"Poor people cannot afford quality treatment. But, everyone must lead a life with good health. I am here to serve the needy from which I get immense satisfaction and happiness. For instance, a treatment for cerebral palsy can continue for several years or even more. I give my best to make impossible possible.\"The 56-year-old doctor has been serving the needy for the last 17 years. At his home in JP Nagar in the city, Nagesh has converted his garage into a clinic for patients.Nagesh, a district AYUSH officer, treats patients as early at 5 am till 9.30 am. The clinic, which is later run by medical students, remains open till 12 pm and resumes back from 7 pm till late night. In the evening, Nagesh spends time and treats patients at a charitable hospital completing his official work. Apart from treatment, this ayurvedic doctor also educates patients on their problem areas and safety measures to be adopted to control it.\"Depending upon the opportunity, I utilize my strength and application of mind to serve the poor. When I treat a patient, I develop a rapport with them,\" expressed Nagesh. The consultation fee for patients, rich or poor, is free of cost at the clinic. Meanwhile, the treatment and medicines are also available at lesser rates.A native of Ranebennur in Haveri district, Nagesh completed his schooling in Bangalore and Pre-University from Karnataka Science College in Dharwad. He added: \"I always wanted to be a doctor, so I joined the government Ayurvedic College in Mysore.\" After finishing his graduation in 1979, Nagesh worked at Sakleshpura, Arsikere, Nanjangud, Uttanahalli and Devalapura before coming to Mysore.With his family as the backbone, Nagesh finds support and strength in his wife Dr Madhumati, son Dr Tejas N Patil and daughter-in-law Dr Lavanya. The doctor has been honoured with the D Devaraj Urs National Mahan Sreerathna Award in 2005 and Kannada Rajyotsava Award (Civic) in the year 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796153", "title": "Uproar over VAT uncalled for: Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar said on Sunday that the current uproar by builders over the recovery of value-added tax (VAT) was completely unwarranted.\"The builders were always aware about the imposition of VAT. So there should not be any confusion.The state will put forward its argument in the Supreme Court on August 28,\" Pawar said. The deputy chief minster, who also holds the finance portfolio, was interacting with reporters after the felicitation of Nationalist Congress Party leader Jaydev Gaikwad at the Balgandharva Rangamandir.Gaikwad was feted for being elected as a member of the legislative council.Builders are confused as well as upset over the VAT that needs to be paid to the state government against property sold/bought between June 20, 2006, and March 2010.On the drought situation in the state, Pawar said, people should use water judiciously throughout the year.\"People in cities should prevent wastage of water wherever possible.\" The government declared 123 talukas in the state as drought hit on Wednesday.\"Besides Maharashtra, sowing operations in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Karnataka have also been affected due to a weak monsoon,\" he said, adding that the Centre would support the state governments to overcome the drought situation.As many as 10,000 fodder camps have been raised across the state to help mitigate the drought situation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779823", "title": "'Hitler' shop upsets Jewish community, others in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Almost a week ahead of the Israeli consulate visit to Gujarat to sign business and other agreements, a queer clothing outlet at Vastrapur called 'Hitler' has upset residents and the small Jewish community here. The proprietors of the shop, however, do not find the name objectionable as they claim it is a 'nickname given to one of the proprietors' grandfather.Proprietor of the shop Rajesh Shah claims innocence. \"We had put up a cloth banner for over a month saying 'Hitler opening shortly', no one objected to the name then,\" he said. \"Hitler was a nickname given to my business partner Manish Chandani's grandfather because of his strict nature. Frankly, till the time we applied for the trademark permission, I had only heard that Hitler was a strict man. It was only recently that we read about Hitler on the internet. We have spent Rs 40,000 on the banner, couple of other thousand on visiting cards and branding activity. We have run out of money now. We are willing to change the name if we are compensated for the board.\"\"In the city of Mahatma Gandhi and non-violence, how can anyone celebrate a person like Hitler who is known to have murdered millions of unarmed ordinary civilians? We as a community had represented our concerns to the proprietors and we do not think they agree with us,\" said Nikitin Contractor, convener of the Friends of Israel organization from Vadodara.He added, \"Youngsters need to be told of the atrocities that Hitler committed and the millions who were killed in gas chambers more than 70 years ago.\"Siddharth Mulani, a resident who lives near the shop told TOI, \"I was wondering if the shop is registered with the commercial tax department and if it is registered, does the government allow such brand names, especially when we have diplomatic ties with Israel. The youngsters could have kept 'Che Guevara' or 'Churchill' as brand names, they too are cult figures and area celebrated by youngsters throughout the world.\"A member of the Jewish community, who visited the shop on Sunday, said,\" The proprietors knew what the name meant and what Hitler stood for. They had researched well, right from the dress the dictator wore to his cufflinks. We had suggested a separate design, but the proprietors claimed that the name brings good business since its launch a week back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792527", "title": "Install CCTVs at slaughter houses: Govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Sunday ordered installation of CCTV cameras in all the slaughter houses and closure of illegal ones operating in urban areas. The government has also issued directions for setting up a committee in all the urban local bodies to check illegal slaughtering of cattle, an official statement said. The committee will hold regular monthly meetings with the departments concerned.In a directive issued to director, urban local bodies, district magistrates and executive officers of nagar palika parishads and nagar panchayats, principal secretary urban development ordered installation of CCTV cameras in all slaughter houses to keep a close watch on their activities.He said that the step would not only check cruelty against animals in slaughter houses, but also help in effective implementation of pollution control measures. He also stressed on carrying out ante-mortem and post-mortem of cattle meant for slaughtering. Emphasis has also been laid on adherence of water and air pollution control measures as prescribed under the relevant rules and regulations for these places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15792288", "title": "Gulf Arab nations seek India to rein in Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gulf Arab countries want India to play a larger role in maintaining peace and security in their region. In particular, they want India to influence Iranian outlook and behaviour.Speaking to TOI, ambassador of Bahrain, Mohammed Ghassan Shaikho, said, \"India has strong strategic interests in our region. Apart from energy supplies, there are six million expatriate Indians living and working in Gulf countries, sending back remittances of more than $40 billion. Bilateral trade between India and the GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) countries is over $160 billion.\"As India and Bahrain prepare to travel to Iran for the 16th NAM summit next week, Shaikho said India, as a founder member of NAM, should take the lead in giving the grouping a new political vision. This vision, according to him, should be centred on two main principles \u2014 \"good working relations between neighbours and non-interference in internal affairs of other states.\" \"We must recognize the importance of regional groups to deal with regional problems,\" he said.The Gulf concerns come amid reports that the NAM summit will focus on the Syrian crisis, and the Middle East unrest. Shaikho said NAM should focus on more global problems. \"The international environment is conducive to cooperation and achieving the goals and missions of third world countries. We need to cooperate with the UN and lend our might to solving the problems of global warming and technology,\" he said.After the agitation and unrest in Bahrain earlier this year, when Saudi Arabia sent troops to help the government crack down on the Shia protests, Shaikho said an inquiry commission had been set up, which gave a report critical of Bahrain's Sunni authorities. Bahrain had blamed Iran for stoking the protests and had withdrawn its ambassador to Tehran.Bahrain has a Sunni minority ruling over Shia majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "country homes", "code": "15788037", "title": "South City, Country Homes get broadband", "text": "COUNTRY HOMES: Within two months of LTOI's attempt at highlighting the lack of broadband facilities in posh localities like Country Homes and South City, Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has started providing the service in these areas.Fashion designer and a Country Homes resident Saloni Chopra got a broadband connection a fortnight ago. \"I thank the paper for highlighting the absence of proper net connectivity in our locality, because of which BSNL took up the initiative to provide broadband connections,\" she says.Banker Varun Duggal from South City says he recently got to know BSNL is providing broadband connections and plans to apply soon. \"We had no service provider offering broadband in residences in South City. Sending mails from home was not an option for many of us, but it wouldn't be the case anymore,\" he adds.Kunal Jaitwani, a student who resides at County Homes, says, \"My brother Karan is studying in London and a broadband connection is very important for us to be in constant touch with him. BSNL's initiative to provide connections at home is a welcome move, which followed the attempt of LTOI to raise concern in this regard.Deputy general manager K M Srivastava, who also looks after the broadband services of BSNL in Ludhiana, says they have bookings for many connections in these localities. \"We are committed to providing a quality service to subscribers across the country and that includes Ludhiana too,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15797715", "title": "Deputy commissioner opens generic medicine shop", "text": "HAZARIBAG: With aim to provide medicines to poor patients at reasonable price the first generic medicine shop was inaugurated by deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan at a simple function on the premises of the Sadar Hospital. Speaking on the DC said \"After conducting survey in the district it was found patients were not in a position to buy medicines due to high prices.about six month ago and since then itas decided to open first generic medine shop of the district.\" He said very soon 10 more generic medicine shops will be opened very shortly in various parts of Hazaribag town for the convenience of the people. He directed the civil surgeon Binay Kumar to expedite the matter forthwith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15794423", "title": "Pakistan MPs propose 'soft transportation'", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistani parliamentarians have floated the idea of 'soft transportation' between India and Pakistan, besides liberalization of visa regime, during a meeting with their Indian counterparts.MP Nadeem Afzhal Gondal, who is also member of Pak-India Friendship Group, said, \"We wish people of both countries could just drive across the borders in their own vehicles as if they were visiting another city in their own country\". He said the Pak parliamentarians have suggested that soft transportation policy between the two countries would go a long way in cementing ties and promoting people-to-people contact. The Pak parliamentarians had stopped in the city on Sunday to attend a function hosted by Congress MLA O P Soni before crossing over the border. He said it was time to pave way for peaceful coexistence for the coming generations of both countries. He also expressed hope of some major announcements during the forthcoming visit of foreign minister S M Krishna to Pakistan.Leader of the delegation, Mohammad Jahangir Badar, said parliamentarians of both India and Pakistan were trying to facilitate trade and travel for the common man of both countries. \"I want that a businessman from Pakistan should come to India with a handbag in his car and returns after business deal and vice versa.\" He said there were lot of areas where both countries could cooperate and help eradicate evils like poverty and unemployment. Badar said he had extended invitation to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar to visit all the four provinces of Pakistan to interact with the local leaders and populace.Soni said with the softening of border, public representatives have started meeting and time was not far when groups of common man would also be interacting without any formalities or hindrances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore/tumkur", "code": "15794172", "title": "Quota for dalits if voted to power, says JD(S)", "text": "BANGALORE/TUMKUR: The Congress, which has been trying to project itself as the sole representative of the dalits, will have to sweat it out this time as the JD(S) seems determined to burn a hole in that party's traditional vote bank. Dalits have traditionally shown their inclination towards the Congress but weaned away towards the BJP in the 2008 assembly polls.The community that constitutes over 20% of the population in Karnataka may now be in two minds as JD(S) leaders are going all out to woo its people by literally promising the moon.At the party's SC/ST state convention in Tumkur on Sunday, state president and former chief minister HD Kumarswamy said if JD(S) is voted to power in the next elections, then he will provide quota for dalits in the private sector.\"Once JD(S) comes to power, no one needs to demand. The party will, on its own, bring out a legislation to give reservation to SC/STs,'' Kumaraswamy said at the rally.He justified the demand for reservation in the private sector, pointing out that since private enterprises receive benefits and concessions from the government , they can be asked to contribute towards social justice.Caste politics was one of the factors that went against the party of late. Among 35 assembly segments reserved in the state, the party represents in just one, that too in its stronghold -- Hassan. With Vokkaligas already in its kitty, JD (S) is now looking to get the backing of dalits and minorities.Kumaraswamy not our CM candidate: GowdaJD (S) supremo HD Deve Gowda said HD Kumaraswamy is not the party's chief ministerial candidate. \"JD(S) is often referred to as 'Appa Makkala Paksha' (father and children's party) by opposition parties, but it's actually not true. To prove this perception wrong, we have decided to pick the CM candidate through vote ,'' he said. The opposition refused to buy this, though. \"When the party now has extended from Appa Makkala to Sose (daughter-in-law ), Gowda's pledge is a joke,'' a Congress leader quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15798043", "title": "His altruism is picture-perfect", "text": "MADURAI: R Asaithambi (64) of Rasi Studio in Madurai is man of history. Way back in 1978, he was the photographer who took pictures of actor-cum-politician Vijayakanth when he was looking out for opportunities in tinsel town. Vijayakanth himself acknowledged in some magazines how Asaithambi's photos earned him a spot in the cine industry.At present, the owner of one of the oldest photo studios in Madurai, has a mission for himself --- to educate poor bright children from the locality. He has been helping poor children progress over the last five years.According to him, education is empowerment. He toiled with whatever work he could get in his youth to educate his three sons who are well-settled abroad now. \"I am a proud father of three sons who found their calling with the education I have given them. Long back I realised education could give insight and empowerment to people,\" Asaithambi says. Determined in his will, he is supporting the higher education of five college students from the locality and one among them is pursuing engineering. Among them, a few students actually work part-time in the studio. \"Initially, they came here looking out for part-time jobs and when I learnt that they were trying to earn to fund their education,\" I started supporting them by paying the college fees and other monetary help required. I don't hesitate to give money for education,\" he said.Interestingly, Asaithambi is not aware of the details of two girl students he had helped in their studies. \"One girl is from Coimbatore and some of my friends asked me to help her. I was not interested in getting to know them or checking their backgrounds. I strongly believe people don't cheat for such genuine needs,\" he said.Asaithambi was born in a poor family, and had started working even at the tender age of eight. He completed his SSLC even while working. \"We were 11 children at home and parents could not support our studies. I started working from my early days and I am always grateful to then chief minister Kamaraj who started the midday meal scheme. That food, uniforms and books helped me in my schooldays,\" Asaithambi says. He later grew into a talented photographer in the city who clicked Kamaraj and other leaders when they were in town. He was also closely associated with poet Kannadasan and Kamaraj at later periods.In his circle, Asaithambi is known for his hard work and principles. \"Asaithambi is a dedicated man and has completed 50 years of photography. His determination to help children get educated is remarkable,\" said K John Moses, state general secretary of Janata Dal (S) here.\"I know the anguish of these bright children who want to study but cannot afford it. When I was struggling financially in 2005, one rickshaw driver from the locality approached me for help in educating his son who secured very good marks in Plus 2. Along with some other philanthropists, we helped the boy and he is now in the United States with a good job. I have learnt a lesson from that incident and am convinced that education will indeed bring up people,\" he said.Even on a leisurely Sunday, Asaithambi is busy in his studio at Karimedu, working as usual. \"I have finished my duties in life and I am content. But I have the responsibility of supporting five students who look up to me. I have to work for them and I am happy working,\" he says with a broad smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15810783", "title": "A fun-filled weekend bash at Underground, The HHI", "text": "Two back-to-back party nights at Underground, The HHI, left revellers relishing their fill of weekend fun. In the house was Madonna lookalike, Melissa Totten, in town for a performance with her dance troupe.(Here's an aside: the real Madonna has herself proclaimed that she's the world's best Madge impersonator!) At the console was DJ Ash Roy of Jalebee Cartel who belted out EDM beats and send the party people into a tizzy. Pretty women , Sneha and Aishwarya, looked every bit the P3 princesses! Also spotted was footballer Bhaichung Bhutia who dropped in to have a good time with his pal. Trippy goggles (check out Kalyani!) added to the sartorial quirk.On Saturday, it was time for DJ Jaya, from Mumbai, to make the revellers jive to her beats. We spotted choreographer Caesar, from the Bosco-Caesar duo, in the house. We loved his hip hop-inspired get-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15794818", "title": "Alert neighbour foils ATM robbery bid at Jayanagar in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: An alert sounded by a resident resulted in police foiling an attempt to rob an ATM in Jayanagar 6th Block and arresting two culprits in the wee hours of Sunday.A resident who saw two men using a gas welder inside an ATM alerted the police control room. Jurisdictional Jayanagar police were on the spot in less than 10 minutes and they arrested the duo after some drama. According to sources, there was at least Rs 50 lakh cash in the ATM.Ramesh (name changed), resident of 2nd Main, 27th Cross , said he heard what sounded like someone using a saw at 2.30am. The State Bank of Mysore ATM is near 1st Main and in clear view of at least 20-30 houses in and around.\"I peeped through the window and saw two men working inside the ATM with a gas welder. The welding machine was emitting a blue light. Initially , I thought them to be ATM repairers. But their body language and repeated attempt to break it open, indicated they were thieves,\" Ramesh said.Ramesh immediately dialled 100. \"Control room squad immediately alerted Jayanagar police and three policemen rushed to the spot,\" Deputy commissioner of police-South Sonia Narang told TOI.Thanking the alert residents , Sonia Narang said: \"This is the best example of public cooperation with police. We expect the same in future too.\"The accused are Yogesh Madappa, 27, assistant welder at a Namma Metro site, and Ramesh Prakash, 20, both residents of Ganapatipura, Kanakapura Main Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784673", "title": "German language club to start today", "text": "BHOPAL: Vivekananda Library will set up German language Club in the city on Monday. Members of the German course are now eligible for the club membership. For others, it would be open from the year end.According to a press release issued by the library, the first meeting of the German Club would be held on the library premises on Monday at 4.30.The meeting would be accompanied by the screening of a German film with English subtitles: The Bremen City Museum. A film would be screened at the club on every last Monday of the month.Following the film screening, result of the German exams held during the first week of August would be announced.As of now, the membership is open only for 75 students of German, who are members of the library. After November, those interested in German can become members at no additional cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796780", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation launches disaster management portal", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has opened a disaster management cell to tackle floods, fires, accidents, cyber attacks and other such incidents. As part of the disaster management programme, the civic body has started an online portal, which was formally inaugurated by KPIT president Ravi Pandit on Tuesday.PCMC coordinating officer Neelkanth Poman said awareness, preparedness and mitigation are important factors while facing any disasters. The civic body will create public awareness about natural and man-made disasters through the online portal.Poman said, \"It is mandatory for local self-government bodies to develop such a system as per the guidelines of the National Disaster Management Authority. The PCMC is the first civic body in the country to develop such an advanced system to create awareness and help people during disasters. The portal will help the civic administration in assisting citizens during disasters like floods, fires, accidents, cyber attacks, etc. Any citizen can alert the civic body about disasters through the system.\"Meanwhile, the PCMC has also started an online facility to reserve playgrounds and badminton halls run by the civic body.\"Five people booked playgrounds using the system on Tuesday and made a payment of Rs 3,500 to the civic body through their credit cards. Citizens no longer have to visit the sports department offices to reserve a civic playground or badminton hall. This will save their time and transportation cost,\" Poman said.Subhash Machare, head of the PCMC sports department, said, \"People will be able to reserve one squash court, four lawn tennis grounds, 13 playgrounds and 13 badminton halls belonging to the sports department. The people can find out online the days and timings when these places can be booked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15814217", "title": "Kutumb will hit the screens on 31st August", "text": "After 'Kaksparsh's super success, Zee Talkies and Mahesh Vaman Manjrekar are all set to release its new film 'Kutumb' on 31 Aug, across Maharashtra. Kutumb is directed by Sudesh Manjarekar and produced by Mahesh Manjarekar under his Great Maratha Entertainment LLP banner. 'Kutumb' is light hearted story revolving around a family and its struggle. The film features Jitendra Joshi, Veena Jamkar, Vaibhav Mangale, Gauri Ingavale, Mihir Soni and today's comedy king Siddarth Jadhav.Kutumb is the story of Namdeo and Ganga who were proud parents of two lovely children, daughter Laxmi and son Subhan. Namdeo was a gardener. Though Namdeo's salary was meager, he worked odd hours to ensure that his children were not left wanting, and got everything in life. Debts kept mounting and when Ganga had to undergo a back operation, the children decided that they won't use the school bus and stop extra tuitions to reduce Namdeo's burden. Namdeo was furious when he heard that. He told them that the family was his responsibility and again took a loan. But fate struck a cruel blow when the bungalow owner, where Namdeo worked, died, resulting in Namdeo losing his job.So, Namdeo worked extra hard for his family ignoring his health, and one fine day was found unconscious on the road. The problem was serious, and the treatment was very expensive. But, the children decided to take responsibility to save their father, by giving him the best possible treatment, in the bargain venturing into doing something, which they knew their father would hate. What happened when the father realized the truth? Did the children manage to save their father? Did the neighbors unite as one family? Kutumb has answers to all these questions and many more.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797396", "title": "'Peoples' Liberation Front of India rebels' kill couple for live-in affair'", "text": "RANCHI: Peoples' Liberation Front of India (PLFI) rebels on Saturday night killed an unmarried couple for maintaining a live-in relationship in Atheldih village, some 50km from here. The victims, Sanjay Purty and Itwari Oriya, were planning to marry next year. In January, the rebel outfit PLFI had killed seven persons for indulging in \"immoral activities\".Khunti SP M Tamil Vanam confirmed that the couple was living together for the last two years even though they were not married. \"An FIR was lodged against unknown assailants,\" said the SP. The police said: \"They were keen to live their life as shown in movies. Blind to how the villagers look at their relationship, the couple was living in a separate room at a deserted locality in Atheldih village.\"Locals said a group of PLFI guerrillas came to their village around midnight. \"They warned of dire consequences and asked us not to venture out of our houses,\" the police quoted the villagers as saying. After warning the villagers, the men broke open the door of the couple's house and fired several rounds of bullets, killing the duo on the spot.Purty, a 22-year-old farmer and a resident of the neighbouring Kowa village, had fallen in love with Oriya, 17, who hailed from Daugara, another village the vicinity two years ago. They started dating and their love affair became the talk of the town. Etho Panda Munda, father of Oriya, had initially opposed the advances of Purty but could do nothing.The bodies have been sent for post-mortem. An investigation has been launched into the incident. \"We are trying to know whether PLFI had given any warning to the couple's parents or not,\" said Vanam. It might also be that Purty had refused to join their ranks or had done something against PLFI's interests.PLFI came into existence in July 2008, when a gang of criminals in rural Ranchi, adjoining Simdega and Gumla districts, adopted Maoist tactics to create terror. Initially, the group was known as Jharkhand Liberation Tigers (JLT) and the members of the group on several occasions were identified by police to have looted and killed innocent people. According to former Ranchi SSP M S Bhatia, who is now IG (Ranchi zone), one Dinesh Gope organised the veteran criminals and ex-Maoists to join his fold under the banner of JLT.Another body found: The PLFI guerrillas also allegedly killed one of their colleagues who apparently opposed this sort of moral policing. \"A body has been recovered from a nearby jungle,\" said an officer at Murmu police station. \"The victim might have opposed the moral act, for which he was killed,\" said Khunti SP. The body is yet to be identified. \"The victim was wearing shoes and that shows he was a militant. \"Villagers usually do not go into the forests wearing shoes,\" said the Khunti SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792530", "title": "Cops tell builders to stop 'cosmetic' work", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Mahanagar police has directed builder of Fortuna River Blues Apartments in New Hyderabad, Arun Agrawal and his son Gaurav Agrawal, to stop the construction of \"recreational facilities\" in the apartment as investigation against the duo is underway.The residents association of the said apartment has lodged an FIR against Arun Agrawal and his son Gaurav for not providing the facilities in the apartments as promised to them.The builders' staff allegedly started some cosmetic construction of \"recreational facilities\", but since this was illegal as the investigations are on, Mahanagar police directed Agarwals to stop the construction till probe was over, residents association told TOI.Residents association president Mohit Pandey alleged that builders' men tried to install a tread mill, TT table, carom board etc., in the open space against the promise of providing a full-fledged airconditioned gymnasium, a recreational activity hall in the basement of the apartment.Presently, the basement is being used for storing scrap and other materials by the builders and their staff, said association secretary Amir Siddiqui.The residents association has lodged an FIR with Mahanagar police against the builders for allegedly committing fraud by not fulfilling the promises they made at the time of selling the flats.Even as the New Hyderabad apartment residents have decided to fight a decisive battle, the residents association of Fortuna Harishankar Apartment on Jopling Road, also built by Agrawals, has approached the Lucknow Development Authority with their complaints. As per their complaints, the builder by flouting norms has installed three mobile towers on the rooftop without taking residents consent, which is mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15785460", "title": "SC relaxes law, okays divorce after 4 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court ended the agony of a couple who had sought a divorce by mutual consent and were separated for over a year in a marriage that was about a year-and-half old. The court granted them their plea with two months of the legally laid down six-month cooling-off period yet to go.The judgment, though meant only for the particular couple in court, will provide hope for many others whose parting is mutual, amicable or at least civil with no signs of any marital ties.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar observed, \"There appears to be no marital ties between the parties at all.'' It is only the legal provision \"which is keeping the formal ties of marriage between the parties subsisting in name only...\", it said and added, \"The marriage is subsisting by a tenuous thread on account of the statutory cooling-off period, out of which four months have already expired. When it has not been possible for the parties to live together and to discharge their marital obligations towards each other for more than one year, we see no reason to continue the agony of the parties for another two months.''The SC held that in a divorce by mutual consent, the court would be justified in using its constitutional powers under Article 142 \"for doing complete justice\" in certain cases. \"In appropriate cases, invocation of such power would not be unjustified and may even prove to be necessary,\" the bench said.The judges made it clear, however, that they did not accept a proposition that in every case of dissolution of marriage under Section 13-B (divorce by mutual consent) of the Hindu Marriage Act the court has to exercise its powers under Article 142 of the Constitution. The article empowers the SC to pass orders in the interest of achieving justice when required.The case before them, the judges found, was a fit case. The couple from Delhi were married in March 2011. Less than three months later, the husband filed a petition for nullifying the marriage. The couple said they had never lived together since their marriage and not cohabited since June 1, 2011 under one roof and never would. The wife was working in Canada. They agreed to mediation and that led to both deciding to jointly end the marriage. They had to file a fresh petition which they did on April 13 this year before a local court that decided divorce cases. The court fixed the next date six months later in October.Aghast, they moved the SC seeking a swifter solution. They were already living separately for over a year as was legally required for filing a mutual consent petition they said. Besides four months of the six were also over now, they reasoned. The state opposed the petition, saying doing away with the six-months cooling-off time as requested by the couple \"would lead to confusion in the minds of the public and would be against the public interest\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15783090", "title": "We will take no more help from Sesa: Betki locals", "text": "PONDA: The Navelim and the Betki-Khandola gramsabhas have passed two different resolutions against Sesa's pig iron plant at Amona in Bicholim taluka.While the Navelim gramsabha resolved to ask for stoppage of the plant, the Betki-Khandola gramsabha resolved not to ask any help from the factory. Betki village is situated across a river from the plant. Alleging that mineral dust from the plant has created air pollution, Betki villagers demanded that the panchayat must take necessary action. Several villagers accused the panchayat of taking help from the factory at the cost of villagers' health. The gram sabha then resolved that it would not ask any help from the plant, except in cases if the plant voluntarily offers help, said Betki sarpanch Bhawana Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15809317", "title": "Coalgate: Let PM make statement, allies tell BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: A meeting of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) to chalk out its strategy to corner the Congress-led UPA government over the CAG report on coal blocks allocation scheduled to be held today, has been deferred as several opposition parties are not in tune with the BJP on the issue.According to reports, the Akali Dal is not in favour of the BJP's move to target Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and wants the parliamentary logjam to end.The Left parties, who have been seeking an explanation from the Prime Minister, are also not in agreement with the BJP's continuous disruption of the Parliament over the coal blocks allocation issue.The Samajwadi Party (SP) and the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), considered to be close to the UPA, also refused to participate in the meeting and rejected the invitation of the BJP in its endeavor to unite all parties in targeting the government.A meeting of senior BJP leaders is, however, presently on to discuss the party's future strategy.The BJP has held the Prime Minister, who held direct charge of the coal ministry when the allocations were made, responsible for what has been estimated as a notional loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crores by the CAG in coal block allocations, and demanded his resignation.The CAG report on coal block allocations states that nearly 150 coalfields were allotted to private and state-run firms without transparency and objectivity between 2005 and 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15788881", "title": "True lies", "text": "When bully gets bulliedFirst-time minister Kondru Murali (medical education) is fast earning the reputation of being a bully in the health department. Thanks to his proximity to Kiran Kumar, Kondru is able to browbeat senior IAS officers in the department. Principal secretary KR Kishore (1981 batch), who plays with a straight bat, is having a tough time with the minister who looks after all key subjects except family welfare which is senior minister DL Ravindra Reddy's only baby. Since he would be retiring next April, Kishore does not want to rub the minister the wrong way, a junior at that. What Kondru does is to ask for a particular file which he then refuses to send back. Kishore simply takes it in his stride as he doesn't want to antagonize the CM who could use transfer as a tool to punish defiant officers. But the junior minister was in for a shock when a junior officer in the department bluntly told an emissary of Kondru that the minister had no authority to request for files and that no file would travel beyond the four walls of his room. Well, it was Kondru's turn to swallow the bitter pill. Getting a taste of his own medicine, right?Planning is what mattersThis babu has many surprises up his sleeve. Sometimes, even rubbing it in when senior babus get a bruised ego. Ashok Kumar Jain, a 1983 batch IFS officer, has been made an advisor in the Planning Commission. Jain, who had a seven-year stint in the irrigation department, and later served as commissioner of AP Housing Board, has managed another plum posting. In less than a couple of months after his APHB stint, Jain grabbed the post in the Planning Commission. His appointment in APHB had been no less controversial, causing severe heartburn among senior babus as the post has always been held by an IAS officer. IFS officers in Andhra Pradesh generally do not like to work in the parent department. They are often seen hopping from power to agriculture, shunning the forest department.Seeking unseasonal donationsPM Manmohan Singh may not be in the mood to expand his beleaguered cabinet, but one MP from Andhra Pradesh is busy seeking donations from business houses. What donations have to do with cabinet expansion one does not know. But this hopeful is on such an exercise. Needless to add, the corporates he has approached are miffed though they are yet to vent their ire on him. The representative of a corporate reasoned that may be this MP feels that his prospects in the next elections will not be very bright and nobody would contribute to his coffers with the elections close, so this rush. Or perhaps he feels that elections are around the corner!At it again!Remember Chenna Reddy, the former director of the archaeology wing of the government of Andhra Pradesh? Best known for the wild goose chase for treasure that he had undertaken when he was on the verge of completing his term, Chenna has still not given up. Desirous of a third term as director, Chenna is still lobbying hard and his hopes are high because the post that he had left is still vacant. Last heard, he had organised the Rajiv Gandhi Shiromani Award for himself last week (or so says the grapevine). A little known organisation called Citizens' Integration and Peace Society conferred the award on him for the great job he had done of restoring the Quli Qutub Shahi Tombs. That's a bit ludicrous considering that Chenna's only contribution was to spoil the ambience of the tomb by going about the restoration in a haphazard and non-scientific manner. Perhaps it's time that the culture department moved fast and filled the post fast with an archaeologist of repute.No Luv lostAlthough minor, the recent reshuffle of IAS officers has caught senior babus on the wrong foot. Chief secretary Minnie Mathew's announcement at the secretaries' meeting that the government would like to use AK Parida's services and skills in a bigger department turned out as a big joke once the senior babu was shunted off to EPTRI. In another instance, 1982 batch officer SK Sinha was posted out of the CCLA office to one of the workless departments in GAD, namely GPM &amp; AR, which looks after only two subjects - administration of RTI commission and MCR HRD Institute. Since the MCR HRD institute is headed by a special chief secretary, Sinha may have to twiddle his thumbs. Luv Agarwal, who loves to be controversy's child, has not been given any posting after his stint as the Visakhapatnam collector. A little bird tells us that Luv's stars dimmed after Rosaiah's exit and former Congress MP Girish Sanghi's disappearance from active politics.Joint ventureIt's worth the wait, or so it appears. Two IPS officers from Andhra Pradesh have been empanelled to the post of joint secretary in the Union government. Well, this came after a pretty long wait. Recently the Centre made a list of 52 1989 batch IPS officers, empanelling them as joint secretaries in the Government of India. The lucky ones from the state are Ch Dwaraka Tirumal Rao (police commissioner, Cyberabad) and Umesh Sharaf (IG, CID). The unlucky ones to be left out are AB Venkateswara Rao and KRM Kishore Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15791911", "title": "3,000 metric tonne PDS wheat goes missing in two districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 3,000 metric tonne of wheat meant for distribution through the public distribution system is reportedly missing from public godowns in Gorakhpur and Maharajganj. The incident came to light on Sunday following which the divisional commissioner Gorakhpur districted the districts magistrates of the two districts to probe the incident and register FIRs in connection with the incident.Gorakhpur divisional commissioner K Ravindra Nayak confirmed on Sunday that 3,000 metric tonne of wheat has been found missing from the stocks of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) and state government godowns situated in the two districts. \"The DMs of Gorakhpur and Maharajganj have been directed to register FIRs in connection with the missing wheat stock and also independently inquire into the entire issue,\" K Ravindra Nayak said.In all, 3,106 metric tonne wheat was found missing from the two districts of which 1,402 metric tonne of wheat was untraceable from Maharajganj alone. \"The stocks have gone missing during transit from FCI godowns to the state owned godowns,\" Nayak said. Sources in Gorakhpur quoting initial findings of the probe being conducted into the missing stocks said that there are indications of a well organised racket behind the incident and that this is not the first incident of disappearance of foodgrains during transit. \"This time however the difference was that it came to light before the stock registers of the respective godowns could be taken care of,\" said a source privy to the entire racket in Gorakhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15816677", "title": "Simple keyhole surgery can halve heart attack risk", "text": "Doctors have said that a one-hour operation that could halve the risk of heart attacks in patients with high blood pressure could be available from next year.In trails patients undergoing the keyhole procedure saw their blood pressure drop by a fifth within six months \u2014 enough to halve the risk of a heart attack or stroke.A follow-up after 18-months showed no reversal of the condition. The trials proved so successful that some clinics have already made it available privately, and researchers expect the treatment to be made available to tens of thousands of British patients on the NHS.The procedure severed the nerves, which connect the kidneys to the brain and carry signals to control blood pressure.Doctors say the operation, which costs just 6,000 pounds, could offer a lasting solution for tens of thousands of British patients whose high blood pressure cannot be controlled by conventional drugs. Although people who undergo the procedure still have to take medication to keep their condition in check, it brings about a drop in blood pressure, which drugs alone have failed to provide.Further trials will establish whether the technique, known as renal denervation, could also help patients whose bodies will not tolerate conventional blood pressure drugs.In a study, which involved more than 100 patients across 11 countries, researchers found that the 20 per cent reduction in patients' blood pressure was still maintained a year and a half after the procedure, with no major side effects reported.\"We are encouraged to see that renal denervation shows substantial and sustained blood pressure reduction in treatment resistant patients,\" the Telegraph quoted Dr Murray Esler of Saarland University Hospital in Germany as saying.\"We know the renal nerves play a crucial role in blood pressure elevation and this study shows those nerves can be targeted with renal denervation without major side effects,\" Dr Esler added.The new procedure, first trialled at Barts and the London NHS trust in 2009, involves severing malfunctioning nerves around the kidneys.The nerves send signals to the brain that tell it that blood pressure is too low, causing the brain to increase it to dangerously high levels.Doctors correct the fault by threading a wire through the renal artery until it reaches the kidneys, where it lets off a burst of heat to burn the nerves and disable them.Although the operation is moderately painful, it does not require a general anaesthetic and patients can generally leave hospital on the same day.Charities have so far funded a small number of procedures for patients in severe need, but doctors involved in the trial said they will lobby NHS commissioning boards to make it available to a limited number of treatment-resistant patients next year.Findings from the study were presented at the European Society of Cardiology congress in Munich .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15797134", "title": "Body of boy exhumed, uncles held", "text": "SINDRI: Sindri police exhumed the body of a 17-year-old-boy from Sindri Basti to ascertain the cause of his death after his grandfather charged his uncles of killing him with ulterior motives.According to the FIR, Krishna Mallick of Kultand village, Baliram Mallick, son of his late daughter and a resident of Sindri Basti vfillage was missing since August 20. After a prolonged search when he and his other relatives could not trace him, when he pressured the boy's uncles -- Kashinath Mallick and Sewan Mallick - to reveal his whereabouts. They informed the boy committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree. When asked about the body, the uncles informed that they buried the body out of fear and felled the tree from which he was found hanging.Krishna has charged his uncles with killing the boy for money as the deceased has nearly Rs 1.5 lakh in his bank and post office accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15780028", "title": "Japan-ease for Ahmedabad roads", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: If you have spent a good time of your day negotiating Ahmedabad's traffic, got stuck in jams and have sweat and swore on the edgy autowallas, or were not aware of the road having been dug the previous night, do not worry, the Japanese are here.For the first time in the country, the Japanese government will aid an Indian city - Ahmedabad, in implementing an Intelligent Traffic System (ITS). From getting real-time traffic diversions on your mobile phone, to spending less time on traffic lights, reducing accidents to live updates on electronic display boards at traffic junctions or an accident, the system will do it all.\"There are radio sensors to calculate the traffic density at any junction. The data is relayed into the ITS system which then co-ordinates with other traffic lights within a fixed perimeter. The traffic line which has the highest vehicle density will go green first to ease traffic,\" says a senior urban development official.He adds, \"On a smartphone a citizen can log into a website to watch which roads are dense with traffic in real time and also know the speed of vehicles there. One can mail or twitter the current traffic information in this application contributing to updates,\" he adds.Apart from variable message signs at traffic junctions, the ITS system can be upgraded with an automatic number plate recognition software, speed cameras, and CCTV systems for security.\"At an advanced stage, the ITS application can integrate live data and feedback from a number of other sources, such as parking guidance for different areas and weather information, as well,\" says the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15794040", "title": "'Psychotherapy can treat skin diseases'", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have discovered that a range of psychological treatments like meditation can ease the physical symptoms of skin diseases. According to experts at the University of Sheffield, relaxation sessions, meditation and cognitive behaviour therapy were among the techniques found to help sufferers of psoriasis, eczema, acne and the pigment disorder vitiligo.A team analysed the combined results of previous studies and found that the emerging field of 'psychodermatology' provided real benefits, the Telegraph said.\"It has long been accepted that psychological interventions can help patients deal with the emotional impact of their skin diseases,\" said Deborah Mason of the British Association of Dermatologists. \"But for the first time, this shows that they can also improve the physical symptoms,\" Mason said.The findings on over 900 participants in 22 studies, researchers noted that psychological therapies aimed at reversing bad habits had the largest effect, particularly helping patients modify behaviour to deal with itching and scratching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15792675", "title": "Illegal lion shows go on for Gir tourists", "text": "RAJKOT: Wildlife activists have demanded a ban on illegal lion shows in Amreli district on the outskirts of Gujarat's Gir sanctuary, where cattle is set as bait for Asiatic lions to entertain tourists. The last such instance was reported near Khambha on Saturday.Jilu Bhukal, a Khambha resident who is a member of the cow protection committee, was patrolling the area when a group of people \"said cattle was being taken for slaughter\". \"I immediately filed a complaint with the police and alerted the forest department as I suspected lions were being exploited.\"Bhagu Soni, a Khambha wildlife activist, said the shows had become common. \"We were told on Saturday that more than 200 people from different villages visited the place where a lion killed a cattle and was eating it,\" said Soni. The practice is illegal and the activist demanded it be stopped immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15782902", "title": "School admissions may go online in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Long queues, unending wait and days of uncertainty for parents could be a thing of the past as Goan schools could experiment with online admission and payment of fees from the next academic year.Goa is among three states that have agreed to implement the central government's Mission Mode Project on a pilot basis for computerization of educational institutes.The state has also expressed its readiness in implementing online performance tracking of students and teachers, online issuance of leaving certificates and readying software for preparation of timetable, results and tests.\"The volume of data for Goa is small but it's not captured and organized in a timely and systematic manner. Data and reports are not available readily when required,\" Goa's presentation to officials of the Union human resource development ministry states.\"With the implementation of the project, Goa wants to achieve 100% enrolment, improvement in quality of education, perfect planning of programmes and easy availability of school data,\" the presentation notes.An essential component of the project will be 'student tracking', which will enable a school to keep track if a child leaving the school has joined one elsewhere in the state or country, or has opted to drop out. This feature is expected to help in arresting drop outs.Goa has said that it has created computer laboratories in 432 schools consisting of 10 multimedia systems each and training for computer aided learning has already been provided to teachers. The state is also banking on chief minister Manohar Parrikar's budget assurance that all students from Class V to IX will be provided notebooks or tablets by 2013-14.\"Two workshops were held of states and union territories across the country, one of which was attended by Goa officials and a presentation was made on what Goa plans to implement under the project. The central government has agreed to our proposal in principle. The state has agreed to implement the project on a pilot basis. At the final workshop to be held within the next few months, the details of the project's implementation will be finalized,\" an official from the state education department told TOI.It is expected that communication between parents, schools and teachers will take place via the internet once the project comes into force and the department plans to carry out payment of salaries and provident fund online.Chattisgarh and Lakshadweep are the two others that have expressed their willingness to implement the project on a pilot basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15811096", "title": "It is never easy for the parents", "text": "Society has progressed a lot, yet it is never too easy for parents to come to terms with the fact that their child might want to opt for sex realignment surgery. The apprehension remains and so does the dilemma of how things will turn out and whether society will accept it or not.In Rituparno Ghosh's Chitrangada \u2014 The Crowning Wish , it is a similar dilemma that confronts the parents of the protagonist. TOI talks to Dipankar De and Anashua Majumdar to understand how they behaved on screen and what would they have done had life brought them at such a crossroad.Dipankar De In this film, director Rituparno Ghosh (who also plays Rudra in the film) deliberately didn't give any name to my character nor to that of Anashua (Rudra's mother). By doing so, he wanted us to be a metaphor for all parents who might have faced this dilemma. One day, Rudra comes and declares that he wants to go for sex realignment surgery. As expected, they are shocked and don't know how to react. Having been a part of an orthodox society, their first reaction is how will they be able to face their relatives. What will they say if their son changes his gender? But later, they realize that after all, Rudra is their son and his happiness is what matters most to them. So my character tells Rudra: \" Tui bari phire ai, maa tor jonne sundor pordar kapor kiney rekeche. \" On a personal level, I feel one should have the right to live his or her life on one's own terms. That is also what the film wants to convey.Anashua Majumdar Rudra's parents went numb and were shocked when he firmly said that he wanted to go for a gender change operation. Any parent can be faced with such a situation. But then, we also need to understand the situation and accept things. One shouldn't be ashamed of the sexual preferences of one's child. It is God's will. Though Rudra's parents were initially taken aback by his action, their love for their child surpassed everything else. It was Rudra's mother who later stood by him and bridged the gap between Rudra and his father. In real life, if I am confronted by such a situation, I would do all that it takes to ensure that my child is happy.Chitrangada \u2014 The Crowning Wish, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films Pvt. Ltd., releases on August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779858", "title": "108 service celebrates fifth birthday in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The GVK EMRI services, popularly known as 108, launched its fifth anniversary celebrations from Sunday with an event at Kankaria.EMRI will complete five years of operation in the state on August 29. So far, the agency has handled more than 31 lakh emergencies and has saved nearly two lakh lives.\"We called 50 students of various city schools and National Cadet Corps (NCC) cadets at Pushpkunj, Kankaria at 6 pm to spread the message of saving lives in emergency through various activities. The students performed a skit on themes of road traffic accident, cardiac emergency and prank calls. NCC cadets took out a rally holding 108 flags and banners,\" said an EMRI official.Chief operating officer, EMRI, Jashvant Prajapati, EMRI operations head Hiren Bhatt and other senior officials participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15817942", "title": "Farah Khan's sweet revenge", "text": "Trust frank and fiery Farah Khan to take her badla and settle scores.The incident transpired on the sets of Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi which can be told now.The casting director, Rayo Noble, needed someone to play a doctor but because of time constraints decided to play the character himself.The scene required Farah to go completely berserk shaking him violently. While Farah was well prepared, Noble was not as the decision that he will do the scene was taken at the last minute.A source said, \"He was given a vanity van for the make-up and costume change and that had him pretty excited. So much so that Rayo just would not step out of the van. Meanwhile the unit including Farah were ready for the shot waiting for him to arrive. The scene required Farah to be on a stretcher as the doctor attends her. Farah and the entire unit kept waiting but Rayo was nowhere in sight. It was over half-hour that the crew waited till he had to be dragged out.\"Confirming the incident Farah laughed, \"Usse maine aisa badla liya (I took revenge) for keeping me waiting. The scene required me to lie on the stretcher and we kept waiting for Rayo. I was losing patience.When he finally arrived and we did the take, I pushed and shoved him so hard out of agitation that he just stood there stunned and shocked. For a minute I felt bad. But thankfully it worked in the favour of the film because that is exactly the expression Bela (director Bela Sehgal) wanted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815509", "title": "Ekta Kaul disturbed; plans to quit Rab Se Sona..?", "text": "There is no denying the fact that everyone desires to live a life of an actor and why not? The entertainment industry is known for its glamour and surprises.But like they say, there is a flip side to the coin. TV actress Ekta Kaul, currently grabbing attention for playing Saahiba in Jay Mehta's 'Rab Se Sona Isshq' on Zee TV, dreamt of making big in the industry.However the actress is not happy shooting for the show these days. Apparently, Ekta is having a tough time on the sets of 'Rab Se Sona Isshq' so much so that she is contemplating of quitting the show. It is not the storyline or the lack of attention that is affecting the actress, which is generally the reason for actors to quit the show. A little birdie from the sets of 'Rab Se Sona Isshq' currently being shot in London , informs that the actress had been putting up with the rude behavior of some people from the production team for a while but things have gone out of control now. The actress would rather walk out of the show. Says a reliable source from the sets, \"Ekta is often linked with people on the sets and she is very annoyed and irritated with the constant questioning. In fact, she often burst into tears.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15797392", "title": "Mines managers' body oppose amendments in Act", "text": "DHANBAD: Amendments proposed in the Indian Mines Act of 1952 will be detrimental to the progress of mining activities in coal and non-coal sector, the Indian Mines Managers' Association has said.The measures proposed in the Mines (Amendment) Bill 2011 pending in Parliament provides for heavy fines and long term imprisonment to the managers of the mines for violation of the safety norms in the mines. The bill is being studied by a select committee headed by Hemanand Biswal, former chief minister of Odisha.The association has strongly protested against the amendments and felt the development of mines will be hit adversely by it. The Mines Act was last amended in 1983 to prohibit employment of minors in the mines. The mines ministry has claimed that many changes have taken place in technology, scale of operations, work practices in coal and non-coal sector operations since 1983. This has created a new safety and health risk scenario in mining operations.There are 2,500 mines managers in the country, according to Vinod Prasad Sinha, the president of the association. He said the government or the Directorate General of Mines Safety did not consult the mines managers while pushing in amendments in the act. \"The association is opposed to 11 amendments in the act and claimed these sections had suggested substantial increase in punishment and fines for the mining officers. In sections 65 to 74, there are amendments to increase the fines to 100 times and imprisonment to ten terms more than earlier provisions.\"The mining officers of the Central Coalfileds Limited and the Bharat Coalfields Limited were recently convicted to jail terms for Chasnala and Bagidihi mines tragedy. Officers of the general manager rank were convicted and sentenced to jail terms for different periods.The fines have been increased from Rs 500 to Rs five lakh for contravention of safety norms in some cases and jail terms have been increased from three months to five years. A new section 74 A recommends it shall be the liability of the mines managers or officers to satisfy the court that he had taken enough safety requirements.Sinha said the recruitments in the coal mines had already declined as graduates of Indian School of Mines preferred to join other companies. \"Mining graduates employed in the coal and non-coal sector are not getting suitable matches and if the fines and imprisonment becomes tougher, the freshers will not join the mining sector. They are getting better jobs after doing management courses,\" Sinha added. Suresh Singh, the manager of west Bhagatdih colliery of the BCCL, said the coal sector was facing scarcity of mining graduates and the new laws would make it difficult to find qualified mines managers.D S Diwakar, the general manager of Tisco's Digwadih branch, also shared the feelings of Vinod Prasad Sinha and said the proposed amendments which were \"detrimental to the growth of mining sector\" should be withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15778922", "title": "Cops spike Team Anna protest, deny permission to march from Jantar Mantar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours before India Against Corruption's planned protest outside the residences of PM Manmohan Singh, UPA chief Sonia Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Sunday, the group was denied permission to march from Jantar Mantar. \"They wanted permission not only to gather at Jantar Mantar but also blockade residences of senior leaders. This cannot be allowed,'' said a senior police officer.But as IAC leader Arvind Kejriwal remained defiant, police indicated they might allow some concessions to the protesters. \"They will be allowed to gather at Jantar Mantar even if a formal approval is not given by Sunday morning. However, attempts to breach VIP security will not be tolerated,'' said the officer.Police expect a lean turnout of 1,000-1,500 supporters. \"More people could spell a law and order problem. We will deploy around 5,000 men from Jantar Mantar to the PM's residence. There will be barricades to prevent protesters from moving out of the Jantar Mantar area. There will also be a security ring around the residences of Gadkari, Sonia Gandhi, and finance minister P Chidambaram.''Before rejecting IAC activist Neeraj Kumar's request for permission late on Saturday, police had already indicated their intent by demanding a fresh undertaking from an \"IAC office bearer who can exercise control over everyone participating in the protest\". Sources said the words were carefully chosen so that the core Team Anna members may be held to account in case of a security breach this time. \"So far, we have been restrained in acting against senior IAC members like Kejriwal, but in case of any violation this time, we will book them,'' said the source.Additional commissioner (New Delhi) KC Dwivedi's letter posted on IAC's Facebook page on Saturday states police are aware of the planned blockade and have placed the targeted areas under prohibitory orders. \"It is, therefore, incumbent upon you to advise your organization to desist from indulging in any unlawful act which may disturb law and order,\" the letter states.Citing seven violations during IAC's July protest at Jantar Mantar, for which Kumar gave an undertaking, Dwivedi said his undertaking cannot be relied upon. \"...It is imperative that the undertaking be furnished by such office bearer of your organisation who can exercise control over everyone participating in the proposed dharna.\"Going against the undertaking last time, protesters had occupied the entire Jantar Mantar Road, resulting in closure of traffic for days together. Anna supporters had also staged protests outside the residences of the PM and the agriculture minister.Police claim they also found an open kitchen for preparing and distributing food to the supporters at Jantar Mantar last time. \"This could have endangered lives of the people present at Jantar Mantar Road,\" Dwivedi's letter states, adding, the fasting activists Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and others had not heeded instructions for medical intervention and government-appointed doctors were not allowed on the dais.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15797544", "title": "Nutritionist bats for vitamin-rich salt", "text": "CHENNAI: Nutritionists are divided over the use of common salt as the carrier for micro nutrients . Chennai-based nutritionist Malavika Vinod trained attheM S Swaminathan Research Foundation , swears by it. She has been distributing cooking salt enriched with vitamin A, iron , iodine ,B-12 ,folic acid andzinc to the poor in Dindigal , Kariapatti and Valparai since 1991 to help prevent anemia and low immunity .Citing clinical studies conducted in Valparai in Tamil Nadu as well as in Karnataka , Gujarat andM adhya Pradesh , she claims a significant improvement in the hemoglobin , redcellcount andurinary iodine of the target population . Thecity-based Sundar Serendipity Foundation , of which she is the trustee , perceives its project as a \"movement for freedom from silent hunger\" . Silent hunger is a concept of people seemingly eating adequately but their food intake lacks in micronutrientswhich arethe vitamins and minerals required in very small quantities by the body . But deficiency of these nutrients can have adverse consequences .\"I am not doing it in a big way , but in my small way I want to help people across Tamil Nadu ,\" says Malavika whosefamily runs a factory in Ambattur wherethis multiple nutrient fortified salt is produced . She is giving away the salt free , funding the project with earnings from the family's animal feed business .Apart from Dindigul , Kariapatti and Valparai in Tamil Nadu , she also supplies multiple micronutrient salt to Kolkata-based St . Thomas Home for women and children . \"We order around 1000kg of this salt annually and alsochannel supply to a mobile clinic run by another NGO 'Howrah South Point' for anemic women and children ,\" Monica Naik , in-charge at the Home , told TOI over telephone .Unlike the double fortified salt (with iron and iodine ), a concept initiated by the Hyderabad-based National Institute of Nutrition (NIN), Malavika's organization focuses on production of multiple fortified salt , a different formulation .However , leading clinical nutritionist Varsha is \"very unhappy\" over cooking salt being utilized as a vehicle for delivering micronutrients . She says : \"If you tamper with the basic character of pure salt , it may have a toxic effect if the micronutrients don't blend in\" . \"I receive referrals from dermatologists to keep iodine out of common salt as they report manifestation of skin rashes ,\" she added . Her adviceisto gowith rocksaltor black salt .Nutritionist and dietician Saroja Raghavan also expressed reservations pointing out that Vitamin A is soluble in oil and will not blend well with common salt . The multiple micronutrient salts need to be tested in a bio-chemical laboratory to find out how the minerals react with one another , she said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15782928", "title": "Fair probe sought into \u2018cop assault on accused\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A socio-religious group, Jamiat-ul-Ulema, has sought a \"fair inquiry\" into the allegation that 23 Azad Maidan riots accused were assaulted on Friday evening inside Arthur Road jail. The group pointed out that similar claims of police brutality in the Mumbai prison have been made in the past.Gulzar Azmi, general secretary of Jamiat's legal cell, said, \"We want a fair probe. Such things are unacceptable.\" A magistrate court has demanded medical reports of the accused on Monday.The allegation was made after families of some of the accused went to meet them on Saturday morning. According to a source, the kin were informed that \"the jail staff beat up the accused\".Azmi noted that this is not the first time such claims have been made. On June 28, 2008, more than 37 accused\u2014allegedly involved in the 11/7 train blasts, 2006 Malegaon blasts, the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case\u2014were reportedly assailed by constables in Arthur Road jail. The case reached the Supreme Court, which has scheduled a final hearing on August 28.Green passport still not tracedThe police are yet to trace the purportedly Bangladeshi passport waved by Raj Thackeray at Azad Maidan during his speech last week. The MNS chief had claimed the document was found at the maidan after the August 11 riots. A senior police officer said on Sunday, \"I was busy in bandobast outside the ground and hence don't know about the passport. It must be with MNS party workers. I will have to make inquiries.\"-- Mateen HafeezConstable back, but gets no workConstable Pramod Tawde, who is facing a departmental inquiry for presenting a rose to Raj Thackeray during the latter's rally, resumed office on Saturday. He was, however, not assigned any work. Sources said a constable from the wireless department had spotted Tawde near the stage 15 minutes before he approached Thackeray. \"It is surprising that he dodged the protection party. He was not on bandobast duty that day,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15792403", "title": "Rs 1,054 crore loss in CAG report hypothetical: Chhattisgarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Chhattisgarh government on Sunday said that the Rs 1,054 crore potential loss pointed out by CAG in its report on coal block allocation in the state is \"hypothetical\".The CAG, in its audit report (Civil &amp; Commercial) for 2010-11, had in April pulled up Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corp Ltd for accepting a single bid for commercial mining of coal from a block allocated by the Centre.According to a statement by the government of the BJP-ruled state, Coal block Bhatgaon-II and Bhatgaon-II Extension were allotted by the central government to CMDC for commercial exploitation. The CMDC decided to develop these blocks through a joint venture with a coal mining company with the CMDC retaining 51% equity. \"As per the bidding conditions, bidders were required to submit offers regarding the minimum amount to be paid by them to CMDC for each tonne of coal mined,\" it said.It said the CMDC as also the state government had brought out the facts to the notice of the Chhattisgarh AG. \"However, AG not being equipped by geological expertise, failed to appreciate the technical differentiation between the two blocks and arrived at hypothetical loss by comparing uncomparables,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15787730", "title": "Medicos enjoy fashion fiesta", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the third day of the 10-day youth cultural integration festival \"Systol\" organized by MBBS students of Christian Medical College (CMC), the college premises was brimming with activities.Various activities organized included art attack, debate, hair styling and collage-making. The highlight of the day was a fashion show, Streax 12, where colour, energy and couture came together. Around 50 students participated in the fashion show which got off on a great note, with a variety of styles and statements hitting the ramp. While some wore ethnic wear, richly embroidered and in deep shades, others selected funkier more western collections. A myriad of textures and designs hit the ramp, with chic garments displaying the colour theme chosen by their batch.The crowd too cheered and whistled when the students from each batch walked on the ramp, each in their distinctive style. Sashaying down the ramp in different attires, the future doctors hit the ramp with confidence and poise, making the day a memorable one.The judges for the show were Dr Nitin Batra and Dr Abhilasha. The crowd along with the judges was mesmerized as each batch put on an excellent show with the colour theme provided to them. Each colour symbolized something \u2014 pink symbolized cute, with green came the go green message, black showed the shades of human life, blue portrayed trends, yellow symbolized brightness, while red spelt funky fashion. President of the student council, David said, \"Systol is all about fun and excitement. Its a fest which allows us a break from our busy and hectic schedules. Every year the entire event is organized and coordinated by students.\"Cultural secretary of student council, Jiju George, said, \"It's a platform which allows us to step out of our white coats and rediscover our inner talents. The event also allows juniors and seniors to get to know and interact freely with each other.\"Principal Dr S M Bhatti and his wife also graced the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15816660", "title": "Horse-trading begins ahead of Mira-Bhayander mayor election", "text": "MUMBAI: With both the Shiv Sena (SS)-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) trying to reach the magic number to form the ruling front in the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC), parties have started resorting to horse-trading.The mayor and deputy mayor election is to be held on August 28. While the SS-BJP alliance needs the support of four more corporators to get to the magic figure of 47, the Congress-NCP needs the help of only two corporators to sit in the ruling side.Though the Congress and NCP had contested the August 12 election separately they formed an alliance to avoid sitting in the opposition. The BJP which emerged as the single largest party with 29 seats is along with its partner SS wooing the five corporators who hold key to the mayor election.Both the SS-BJP and Congress-NCP are chasing the three Bahujan Vikas Aghadi (BVA) corporators. The BVA headed by former Vasai MLA Hitendra Thakur has fielded its corporator Raju Bhoir for the mayor's post. Political observers say that the party that gets the support of the BVA will most likely rule the MBMC.Parties are also wooing one Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator and a BJP rebel and independent civic leader. Both the independent and MNS corporators are expected to go with the Sena-BJP. But the party will still need two corporators to reach the number 47.The Congress-NCP on the other hand is focusing all their attention on the BVA corporators.Political observers say that the BVA may not settle for anything less than the mayor's post. Both the alliances are willing to offer chairmanship of various committees, while wanting to retain the mayor and deputy mayor's post.Parties have already taken their corporators' to secret locations to avoid last minute horse trading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779993", "title": "Keshubhai now offers Gujarat Parivartan Party support to govt employees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat chief minister and leader of newly-formed Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) Keshubhai Patel has lambasted the state government's stand on the employees' wages, promising to fight to get them justice.Patel has written on his blog: \"While the state government doesn't have issues with providing benefits of Rs 33,000 crore to Tata and a few industrialists from public's hard-earned money, it has problem in giving the (government) employees what is rightfully theirs.\"He mentioned that while the Gujarat high court has already given a judgment in favour of the fixed-pay employees, the state government has challenged the verdict in the Supreme Court. While the government showed that they were ready for negotiation, it, in fact, robbed the employees of the benefits of the Sixth Pay Commission, mediclaim and other perks. This neglect had forced the employees to resort to rallies and mass casual leave, he stated.\"GPP has included the issue of better wages for fixed pay employees in 'Parivartan Package' and would implement of the Sixth Pay Commission. We also assure that we would not use the state machinery to gather crowds, like the present chief minister. If the chief minister puts aside his ego and communicates with the employees, constructive aims can be achieved,\" wrote Patel.Patel has earlier taken up issues of corruption in the state administration, farmers' woes and 'Garib Kalyan Melas' organized by the state government in his recent blog entries.Former BJP leader Patel, along with many other rebel leaders from the saffron brigade, announced the formation of the new party earlier this month. He said that GPP will contest all the 182 seats in the forthcoming state assembly elections.Patel has promised the electorate an assortment of subsidies totaling to Rs 2,700 crore if the party is elected to power. Patel said that if GPP was voted to power, he would initiate a number of people-friendly measures, including 30% reduction in value added tax (VAT) on petrol, diesel and CNG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15793019", "title": "World Book Fair set to become an annual affair", "text": "NEW DELHI: The World Book Fair, held once every two years in the capital's Pragati Maidan, is all set to become an annual affair from next year. Final negotiations for the same are underway and a formal announcement is likely next month.\"National Book Trust and Indian Trade Promotion Organization have reached an understanding. We will soon sign an MoU,\" says M A Sikandar, director, NBT, the chief organizers of the World Book Fair.With this deal going through, chances are that the Delhi Book Fair, a smaller annual event, might be scrapped, officials indicate. If that happens, the forthcoming Delhi Book Fair beginning on September 1, will be the last one.The biennial international fair has had 20 editions so far. ITPO chairman Rita Menon says the plan is to enrich the festival and make it the go-to point for the books and publishing business. Sikandar says there are also plans to have a \"guest of honour\" country each year after the festival is made annual. \"India is the guest of honour at South Korea book fair in 2013. Doing something similar will help build international presence,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15784875", "title": "Academics seek more say in framing legal education norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 80 leading legal academics teaching across India and abroad have protested the lack of consultation by the Bar Council of India (BCI) in framing legal education norms.The development assumes significance as the BCI and its state level representatives are agitating against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill, alleging that it is aimed at usurping BCI's control over legal education.In a petition to BCI, with copies marked to the law and HRD ministers, the academics highlighted that the regulatory body did not have \"any meaningful consultation with law universities\" - a point underscored by the fact that the Legal Education Committee of BCI has only two legal educationists on the panel out of 36. The petition noted that Section 7(1)(h) of the Advocates Act, 1961, required BCI \"to lay down standards of... (legal) education in consultation with universities imparting such education\".The petition emphasized the need to curb this consultation deficit if quality of legal education in the country was to be enhanced and reminded BCI that the National Knowledge Commission had come to a similar conclusion.Signed by various legal academics, the petition also took strong exception to the \"derogatory remarks by the BCI about the competence of legal academics to the parliamentary committee reviewing the HER bill\". BCI had derided the contribution of academics by claiming that lawyers knew the legal requirements expected from a future lawyer better (since they meet needy litigants in court every day) so they must be at the forefront of designing curricula in law schools granted recognition by BCI.The academics disagreed with BCI's stand, saying due to \"consultative deficit, law schools have been thrust with norms that are often alien to them and excessively burdensome to comply with\". Arguing that the purpose of law schools was not just limited to churn out well qualified lawyers or future judges, the educationists strained to explain that it was their job to \"also cultivate critical thinkers, social change makers and innovative leaders free to pursue an array of career options\".Pressing for greater consultation, the academics insisted norms around legal education \"should be primarily determined by those that work as legal educationists in a full time capacity\".Apart from the HER bill, BCI and state bars have also questioned the Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill, 2010, the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Act, 2010, the Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Higher Educational Institution Bill, 2010, the Educational Tribunals Bill, 2012 and the National Law Schools Bill, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15791153", "title": "Residents oppose repair of Nag Talai drain", "text": "JAIPUR: The Urban Housing and Development (UDH) officials who had gone to repair Nag Talai Nallah after the heavy rain have to face ire of the residents of Ram Gargh area.Residents claimed that the authorities have not cleaned and repair the nallah for the last 30 years, and the recent heavy rains have destroyed their property. Cleaning the nallah now would not serve any purpose, they said.Ratna Khan, a resident of the area said, \"Repairing the nalllah after the rains is just a formality and wastage of money. Before the monsoon season, we have registered several complaints at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC); however, no action was taken in this regard.\"The UDH officials said the initiative to repair the nallah is taken after seeing the consequences of the heavy rainfall. Jaipur Muncipal Corporation (JMC) chief executive officer Lok Nath Soni, said, \"The repair work and cleaning of the big nallah has not been taken up since long. A decision to start it was taken after the heavy rainfall so that the residents do not face such problems in future.\"The civic body has also initiated the repair work for Brampuri Nalla.An official said as the barriers of these nallahs are old and damaged, they may expose nearby residents to heavy risk during heavy rainfall. The Amanishah Nullah, Ganda Nullah, Jawahar Nullah and Nag Talai and Brampuri Nallah are the five big drains in the city which finally join the Dhund River.The district administration has expressed its concern over the clogged storm drains of the city. \"It is necessary to clean the storm water drainage system on a war footing before another spell of rainfall lash the city. The system is blocked with sand that came along with rain water,\" district collector Naveen Mahajan said.Meanwhile, the district administration has formed around 11 teams to conduct a survey of the property damaged due to heavy rains. These teams would complete the survey on Wednesday. The district administration would help those residents whose houses were damaged in the rain.The administration also sought proposals from the Jaipur Development Authority, Jaipur Municipal Corporation and Public Works Department for repair of the damaged public property, including roads and flyovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15811996", "title": "Gal Sun is a melodious love duet", "text": "Singer, song writer RV Narang forms a massive international collaboration on his fourth studio release 'Gal Sun' with the highly talented PropheC.The track which can only be described as a melodious love duet which also features the brand new voice of Sonia Sehra, who is making her debut in too the music industry. The lyrics have been written by RV Narang and they describe the feeling of 'missing the one you love'.'This track is a fusion of Asian sounds with Celtic influences', says RV Narang speaking about 'Gal Sun'.'It has been a crazy journey to get the sound perfected to how I wanted it and I have worked very closely with the PropheC over the past 6 months getting every element of the song just right and I'm very excited to see how my fans will react to the new single &amp; video'RV Narang known for his versatility as an artist has already experimented with Arabic and Electro sounds on his previous singles with a great deal of success and now he is ready to introduce another fresh sound to the Industry.RV Narang has already started working on his debut album, which is due out in 2013 and it will feature a whole host of upcoming UK Asian Artists.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784292", "title": "Team supporters demonstrate near CM house, cane-charged", "text": "BHOPAL: The protest by India Against Corruption activists here in the state capital against chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan failed to gather steam on Sunday afternoon. Though the protest received little response from citizens of the state, a handful of anti-corruption crusaders managed to reach the restricted area in front of the chief minister's official residence.The CM's residence Number 6, at Shamla Hills is protected under section 144 CrPC and demonstration near it is a banned. The nearest rallies can reach is at least a 100 metres away from the gates of CM House.But Hazare's supporters played a time-game on the police. They gave 2 pm as the official time to 'gherao' the chief minister's residence but a group of agitators reached the gates of CM House at 1 pm. It was a trick not many demonstrators have succeeded executing before. The police contingent deployed to manage the protest was 2 km away at the spot where the march would origin. Demonstrators who reached CM House shouted anti-Chouhan slogans, tried to break through security barricades and scribbled messages denouncing the chief minister on the road with chalks.Thereafter, the police used their batons freely and activists were dragged, chased and bodily lifted into police vehicles before being whisked away. Twenty-five persons were arrested and later sent to jail.On Saturday, Anna Hazare team member Arvind Kejriwal had announced that activists of the India Against Corruption group would agitate before the residences Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and the chief ministers of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh for their alleged share of corruption in the coal block allotments.But only a small gathering of demonstrators shouting anti-corruption slogans collected in front of the Platinum Plaza at the Mata Mandir Square here on Sunday noon, swearing to awaken the country and free it from dishonest politicians.Anna's activists in Bhopal fought a lonely battle as they confronted police rage and received very little support from the man on the streets. Bhopal gas victims NGOs joined in to support the movement but the common man that Anna Hazare vowed to awaken had not risen to the occasion.It was alleged by the Anna team that chief minister Chouhan had lobbied for coal block allotment for Reliance Power Limited which is installing a 4000 MW mega power project in Sasan in the Singrauli tehsil of Sidhi district, Madhya Pradesh.The recent Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report claimed that the coal block allotment scam totalled Rs 1.80 lakh crore. In 2007, Chouhan wrote a letter to the Union government recommending tha allotment of a coal block to Reliance Power Limited which allegedly resulted in a loss of Rs 29,033 crore to the state exchequer, the CAG report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/barmer", "code": "15790363", "title": "Squabbles continue over Sonia Gandhi's Barmer visit", "text": "JAISALMER/BARMER: The visit of Congress president Sonia Gandhi to Barmer on August 30 is proving to be a tough task for chief minister Ashok Gehlot and other leaders. In a meeting held on Saturday, PCC chief Chandrabhan directed the leaders in Barmer to get a crowd of 2 lakh people, just like it was done during the meeting in Banswara last year. This time, senior Congress leader from western Rajasthan, Sonaram Choudhary, has raised questions about the incomplete Barmer Lift Canal project which will be inaugurated by Sonia Gandhi. The entire issue is being disputed because it had earlier been inaugurated by Vasundhara Raje.During the workers' meet, the only topic that was doing the rounds was how to gather more crowd for Sonia Gandhi's visit. Congress is facing the heat not only in Barmer but also in Jaipur, as leaders have said that they do not have vehicles. The leaders have even demanded national general secrtary and Rajasthan incharge Mukul Wasnik to arrange vehicles for gathering crowd for UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's visit to Barmer on August 30.With issue being raised at Pradesh Congress headquarters, chief minister Ashok Gehlot and president Chandrabhan were caught unawares. After listening to party workers, Wasnik asked Chandrabhan to arrange for vehicles. It is being said that chief minister, state president, state incharge and incharge secretary after the programme of offering floral tributes to former chief minister late Barkatullah Khan, discussed the issue.In the chief minister's meeting, except for Col Sonaram and Pachpadra MLA Madan Prajapat, all other Congress leaders were present. On the other hand, controversial statements given by Baytoo MLA Sonaram Choudhary gave sleepless nights to chief minister and other leaders. Sonaram said that the Barmer lift canal was already inaugurated by former chief minister Vasundhara Raje and Sonia and this time they may remove the earlier plaque and put new plaque with the name of Sonia Gandhi. Similarly, the work of Barmer lift canal is incomplete and no one is able to understand as to why it is getting inaugurated by Sonia Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15783264", "title": "HC reinstates BSF constable dismissed for taking bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirteen years after he lost his job for allegedly taking Rs 400 as bribe from a \"smuggler\" to allow him to cross over to Bangladesh , a BSF constable has been reinstated by the Delhi high court.A division bench of Justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh ordered reinstatement of Umesh Prasad with all consequential benefits, setting aside the Summary Security Force Court's June 4, 1999 order, which held him guilty and dismissed him under the BSF Act.The court accepted Prasad's argument that he was implicated in the case and that he never pleaded guilty.\"The facts of the case that signatures of the petitioner (Umesh) was not obtained beneath the plea of guilt and the petitioner's stand that he never pleaded guilty ... compels us to allow the writ petition and quash the conviction and sentence imposed upon the petitioner.\"As a consequence, we direct the petitioner to be reinstated in service with all consequential benefits,\" the bench said while declining BSF's plea to order fresh trial of the case.The bench relied on the BSF court records pertaining to the recording of evidence (ROE) and accepted Prasad's claim that ROE was prepared at his back as he did not cross-examine any witness and his signatures were not there in the ROE.HC rejected BSF's argument that as per the rules at that time, there was no necessity to obtain the signatures of an accused if he pleaded guilty. Prasad, who had joined BSF as a constable in 1990, was attached to its 79th battalion and was posted at Chainagar border outpost in West Bengal at the time of the alleged offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15797120", "title": "Beating Oz in Oz is special, says Virat Kohli", "text": "Congratulations to the Under-19 team on doing such a great job by winning the World Cup. Doing so well especially in Australia is not easy. Beating Australia in Australia in a World Cup final has never happened be fore and hence this is a great achievement. The way they batted while chasing is very encouraging.Unmukt's knock is one of the best I've seen in recent times. The amount of self-belief shown by him and all the boys, including Smit Patel was amazing.The Indian team was watching the game since the morning and even in the dressing room we were glued to the TV. The entire Indian team enjoyed those momentsHaving played at the U-19 level, I know how the feeling is, how special it is to win the U-19 World Cup. I am very happy for the youngsters who have done so well.I want them to just enjoy the moment and take it as it comes. But most importantly don't let go of all the hard work that you have put in. This win will surely give you a lot of confidence and set you up for greater things in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15793822", "title": "Wheat shortage in Punjab despite bumper crop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab, the food basket of the country, which had a record wheat production this season, is on the verge of seeing its flour mills closed down due to scarcity of the cereal. With the entire wheat stock sold by farmers in mandis for the national food pool, the state is now at the mercy of the Centre, which is dragging its feet in releasing wheat. With flour mills and biscuit-makers units are facing acute shortage, and prices have shot up by up to 30% in the last one month.Punjab and Haryana saw record procurement of wheat at 129 lakh tonne and 86.69 lakh tonne, respectively, while private traders bought just 2,000 and 1,000 tonne of crop in both the states this season. Punjab requires at least 1 lakh metric tonne of wheat for its local consumption every month. There are about 130 flour mills in Punjab and Haryana, which have a requirement of 1.70 lakh tonne of wheat per month. \"Because of non-availability of wheat in the market, most of the flour mills are now on the verge of closure,\" said Naresh Ghai, president of Punjab Roller Flour Mills Association.Shortage of wheat has also fuelled the prices of wheat-based products, like flour, to rise by Rs 3-4 per kg in last one month. \"There has been 30% hike in prices of wheat-based products in Punjab in the past one month and it is set to increase further,\" Ghai said.After all farmers in the state sold off their wheat crop to the government for the national pool, flour mill owners in Punjab were compelled to buy wheat from UP and Rajasthan. However, in June the government allowed private export of wheat and since then most of the crop from those states has been exported, making it hard for flour mill owners in Punjab to fulfill their local needs. \"Wheat is lying in godowns of Food Corporation of India. All that the government has to do is facilitate its release to the states, but it is not happening,\" said Haryana Flour Mills Association President C P Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15795528", "title": "First instal e-meters, then seek Hakim report rates: Passengers", "text": "MUMBAI: First instal e-meters and then demand fare hikes for autos and taxis in Mumbai. This is what scores of passengers and activists felt across the metropolis, close on the heels of the Hakim committee report proposing a fare hike of Rs 3 for autos and taxis.Harshad Rane, a daily commuter , said, \"Most autos in Mumbai run on mechanical meters that are tampered. Unless you replace these with the new e-meters and assure us that there is a foolproof gadget, there is no point increasing fares.\" Another commuter Swati Salunkhe said, \"Apart from the Rs 3 hike in fares, we will end up paying 20-30 % more on tampered meters. Why can't the transport department insist all autos and taxis switch over to e-meters and then permit a hike?\"Consumer activist Sunil Mo-ne said he would suggest to MMRTA to grant a fare hike only to vehicles (autos /taxis) which are fitted with the new e-meters . He will petition the government on this issue soon.Though the Hakim committee report has made recommendations in favour of commuters , such as demanding stringent action for rigged meters and bogus tariff cards, reducing the minimum distance to 1.5 km and introducing a 100 metre jump on the meter, passengers feel that the hike should be given only after conducting a ground survey. \"The hike should be given systematically ,\" said Ajinkya Vaidya, a commuter from Thane.Shirish Deshpande of the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said there were no terms of reference for increasing night fares (25-30 %) and for announcing an annual revision (May 1 every year).Unions have threatened to agitate and stay off roads if a are hike is not announced immediately .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15792282", "title": "It's not the economy, stupid!", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon has many names. For some it's Millennium City, for others Silicon Valley of India. But Master Plan 2031 has shattered the city's dreams of acquiring another name for itself, SEZ capital of India.While Master Plan 2021, which was published in 2007, conceptualized new development around special economic zones (SEZs) in Gurgaon and Manesar, the term has disappeared altogether from the latest draft of Master Plan 2031. As a result, the new master plan drastically cuts proposed area for urbanization to 32,408 hectares from 37,069 hectares in master plan 2021. This despite the fact that projected population in the new master plan has been increased to 41.65 lakh from 37 lakh in plan for 2021.While most of the area demarcated as special economic zone (SEZ) in earlier plan was proposed to be developed by Reliance Industries Limited (RIL), it has now been converted to agricultural zone. Earlier this year, the state government had decided to take back 1,383 acres land from RIL as it failed to implement the SEZ project.Similarly, a major chunk of land on the northern side of Pataudi Road has been converted to residential and commercial zone. New sectors \u2014 95A, 95B, 89A, 89B, 88A, 88B and 99A \u2014 have been proposed in this area covering villages like Wazirpur, Hayatpur, Mohammedpur, Garouli Khurd, Garouli Kalan and Harsaru. Interestingly, villagers from these areas claim that a lot of real estate developers have already purchased land from them.In 2007, the state had proposed to develop as many as 60 SEZs in Gurgaon district. Five of these SEZs were in the category of multi-products/services while 36 belonged to IT/ ITeS. A few of the mega SEZs included the HSIIDC-RIL joint venture that was to urbanize over 25,000 acres of land. This was when the state government had approved a plan to transfer nearly 34% of Gurgaon's agricultural land to SEZs.The Master Plan 2021 talked about providing additional connectivity with Delhi through roads like the 150-metre wide Northern Peripheral Road (NPR) and 90-metre wide Southern Peripheral Road (SPR). It also included three major roads connecting Delhi and Gurgaon like Vasant Kunj to MG Road, among others.Similarly, Master Plan 2025 proposed a Transport Nagar spread across 28 hectares in Sector 33. This was to be developed by HUDA. A container depot had also been proposed adjoining Delhi-Rewari railway line. A Mass Rapid Transit System Corridor (MRTSC) along the NPR was proposed. Another MRTSC was proposed along Mehrauli road to extending up to the proposed 90-metre link road with Delhi via Gwalpahari. The 2025 plan suggested realignment of Badshahpur Nala that runs along Sector 58 and 67.The latest plan has approximately 50 hectares reserved for wholesale markets of building material, grain and vegetable market in Sector 99-A, on the northern side of railway line along newly proposed 75 metre-wide road. Also, a nearby area of 40 hectares has been reserved for idle parking where heavy vehicles can be parked. The changes in the master plans between 2025 and 2031 look substantial only on paper as emphasis has been put on developing the infrastructure to keep pace with the explosive growth of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15793193", "title": "Minister seeks more lung space for Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: City's future urban development scenario will have a green tinge to it if Mangalore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) implements a direction given by minister for higher education and Dakshina Kannada district in-charge CT Ravi. The direction necessitates MUDA to lay accent on city beautification by setting aside space for parks compulsorily in all new layouts and thereby enhance much needed lung space for the city.Ravi, who chaired a meeting of MUDA at its office here on Saturday, observed that the city is fast growing. \"The mushrooming of high-rise buildings of more than 30 storeyes along narrow by-lanes is putting immense pressure on basic civic amenities for residents,\" Ravi said, adding that such a development is not healthy for the city. It is such a scenario, newer layouts must compulsorily have parks and MUDA must pay attention to their development. Ravi directed MUDA commissioner Ajith Kumar Hegde to carry out a comprehensive survey in this regard in the next 10 days and present to him a detailed report when he visits the city next.\"A city like Mangalore too needs to have its own Cubbon Park and Lalbagh,\" Ravi said adding that he expected MUDA to create similar park models for the city as well. At present, city's only major park of note is the Kadri Park, while Gandhinagar has a miniature version of it.DC NS Channappa Gowda who attended the meeting told TOI that the minister's concern was also over the fact that there are delays at the MUDA to give approvals to layouts.\"The city's narrow roads in the interior areas, lack of proper public parks and the need for creation of lung spaces was uppermost on his mind,\" DC said. If MUDA is able to address the basic concerns raised by the minister on city's development, its lung space too will increase, he noted.S Ramesh, chairman, MUDA responding to Ravi's concerns, observed that MUDA has already initiated the process of setting up parks that lend to the city's beautification. MUDA has initiated the process of setting up new layouts on lines envisaged by the minister. To a specific query on delays plaguing the setting up of multi-level car parking at Hampankatta, Ramesh assured Ravi that all hurdles bogging this project would be cleared in 10 days.N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker and Mangalore City South MLA, said plans are afoot to set up a glass house on the lines of one at Lalbagh in Bangalore at Kadri Park.It was decided at the meeting to convene a meeting under the chairmanship of CT Ravi in Bangalore shortly to discuss the project as well as taking forward the Mangala Corniche project. Ravi directed the officials to attend the meeting with all documents pertaining to the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15819325", "title": "Airtel fails to activate SIM, to pay Rs 6,000 as fine", "text": "Telecom major Airtel has been directed by a consumer forum to pay Rs 6,000 to one of its subscribers for not activating her mobile connection after charging her for it. The East District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum gave its order, relying on complainant Asha Sharma's affidavit which said she had paid Rs 1,000 to Airtel for its mobile telephone services but the firm never activated the SIM card issued to her despite repeated requests.\"Complainant (Sharma) claims cheque (of Rs 1,000) was realised but opposite party (Airtel) failed to activate the connection in spite of promises. She has not produced any evidence to confirm that cheque was encashed. However, she has affirmed on affidavit that cheque has been encashed by opposite party and they did not activate the connection.\"\"This affidavit is uncontroverted (un-challenged). Therefore, there is no reason to disbelieve it. We direct opposite party to refund Rs 1,000 to the complainant towards the cost of the SIM along with a compensation of Rs 5,000 for harassment and as litigation charges,\" forum President N A Zaidi said.Sharma had submitted in her complaint that she had opted for a new scheme/product launched by the telecom firm called 'Airtel Money' and had paid Rs 1,000 by cheque for it. She had been issued a SIM card with the assurance that as soon as the cheque is encashed, the connection would be activated, she had said.The telecom firm, however, encashed her cheque but but did not activate the connection on one or the other pretext, she had alleged.The forum decided to proceed ex-parte against the telecom major as \"in spite of notice sent by registered post, opposite party did not contest the case\". The bench also directed Sharma to return the SIM card to Airtel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15782496", "title": "Two coaches attached to Ballarpur-Mumbai link train", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: MP Hansraj Ahir flagged off the Ballarpur-Mumbai link train with additional two coaches from Ballarshah railway station on Saturday evening. Railway administration has attached additional two coaches to the existing four in the train. Two more coaches are likely to be attached to the train in coming days.MP Ahir has taken up the demand of Link Express from Ballarpur to Mumbai since many years. Following his persuasion, railway ministry declared to start Link Express, having seven coaches, between Ballarpur and Mumbai in 2008-09. However, railways never started a separate link train. Instead Central Railway attached four coaches to Ballarpur-Wardha passenger train for Mumbai. This passenger train carried a general coach, two sleeper and two AC three tier coaches, with it up to Wardha, where they were attached to Mumbai-bound Sewagram Express.Thanks to the persuasion of Ahir, railway department has started construction of pit line at Ballarshah railway station. After the work of pit line was completed, Ahir demanded that addition of remaining coaches to the train. Accordingly Central Railway added two more coaches to the existing four bound for Mumbai. Ahir flagged off this Wardha-bound passenger cum link train, now with six coaches to be linked to Sewagram Express, on Saturday evening, in presence of DRM Brijesh Dixit.Ahir claimed that Central Railway has agreed to add the remaining coaches and railway engine to these six coaches, making it a separate link express train. \"Shortage of coaches has delayed the link express. But, railway authorities have assured to add remaining coaches and make it a separate train in couple of months. Once the link express is started, Mumbai bound passengers will be spared of the agony of waiting for three long hours, before their coaches are attached to Sewagram Express,\" Ahir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15795002", "title": "Plan to restore Pachnada health", "text": "KANPUR: Yamuna, the largest tributary of the Ganga river, is all set to get an \"eco health\" revamp in the region, courtesy UK-based Thames River Restoration Trust (TRRT) and a number of local organizations working in the field of eco-restoration of waterbodies.Spearheading the idea is a Delhi-based organization, the Peace Institute Charitable Trust (PICT), that has launched an extensive restoration programme at Pachnada, the confluence of five rivers -- Yamuna, Chambal, Kunwari, Pahuj and Sindh -- in Bhareh town of Etawah to develop community river restoration techniques with support from local groups, especially the 'Nadi Mitra Mandali' (Friends of the River).\"The project, known as 'river twinning', covers 10 grids (group of villages located on either side of the river), including the Panchnada Yamuna Nadi Mitra Mandali near Bhareh, on a 1,400-km-long stretch of the Yamuna in regions falling in Uttarakhand, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh,\" said PICT director Manoj Mishra.The other grids across Yamuna are Kharadi, Katapathar, Kanalsi, Ramra, Ovah, Gadaya, Batesar, Hamirpur and Ekdara, he added.The project has been supported by the Thames River Restoration Trust (TRRT), winner of the Theiss International Riverprize fund, on behalf of a number of organisations involved in restoration work on the Thames in the UK. The TRRT has committed to using the Riverprize funds to develop new and better techniques for river restoration which could be used by local community groups on rivers all around the world.\"The activities include plantation, promotion of natural farming, eco-sanitation, river health and village health monitoring and proper management of solid waste,\" said Sita Ram Taigor, who is working with PICT and presently handling five grids of the Yamuna, from Mathura to Fatehpur, and monitoring and providing technical support to the 'Nadi Mitra Mandali' of the grids.The project has support and participation of many government and non-government organizations, including the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF). WWF India has also been working to help restore the lower Yamuna to benefit the people and wildlife as part of the \"Thames and Ganges Twinning Partnership\". \"The project will benefit some of the world's most endangered freshwater wildlife, including gharial, crocodile, Ganges river dolphin and Ganges river turtle,\" Taigor added.\"Pachnada presents an extensive view of sylvan beauty during the rainy season and also in the winters. The region is a home to a number of exotic species of flora and fauna that need to be protected,\" he added.\"An outcome of PICT's partnership with local groups at 14 sites has been the development and testing of a People's River Health Index that has not only determined the state of the river at different sites, but also identified the actions needed for river restoration,\" Taigor elaborated.Elaborating on the activities, Taigor said: \"The actions include training local people in basic river and catchment monitoring techniques, environmental education of school children and providing sustainable energy use techniques at the local level.\"\"A massive plantation drive is underway at Pachnada Yamuna Nadi Mitra Mandali grid these days and we are getting a very good response from the local community, besides schoolchildren who are actively assisting us in fulfilling our mission of restoring the Yamuna,\" Taigor told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798137", "title": "LIC staffer sets new record in Thane half marathon", "text": "NASHIK: Monika Athre, the new queen in the long distance running, has created yet another record in the Thane Varsha half marathon when she completed the 15 km distance in only 53 minutes and 54 seconds.Monika eclipsed the national 15 km record of 56.01.01 standing in the name of her friend and team-mate Kavita Raut who made the record her own in the same race in 2009.The 18-year-old petite LIC employee thus kept her promise with a brilliant performance.Monika touched the tape when the next runner Kiran Tiwari was way behind. Such was her domination. She started slowly as is her style but picked up speed after the 10th km and was leading until the last.\"I was happy that I picked rhythm right from the word go and the climate was ideal,\" said Monika after the race while her coach Veejendra Singh said, \"I am particularly pleased about her temperament because the people expect lot from her and she does not fail to deliver. She has become a star runner after Kavita and her progress is unbelievable but on expected lines.\" He added that she has a perfect build for long-distance running and her hard work is paying off.\"\"In the last couple of months Monika won the Hyderabad half marathon and came second in the Noida race. She is eyeing a podium finish in the upcoming nationals and the subsequent Asian championship. Today's feat will go a long way in boosting her confidence and making her moreresolute to focus on her targets,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15791697", "title": "Firm faces suspension for delay in Metro work", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a serious view of the slow progress of civil construction work for the Jaipur Metro tracks, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is planning to suspend the contracted firm, DSC, from many of the work sites.The (DMRC) is mulling over a proposal to handover the work to the ITD, another contracted firm already engaged in civil construction of the Jaipur Metro.\"The proposal to transfer the work of DSC to ITD has been floated. The decision has been taken due to slow work progress of the former firm. Once the proposal is accepted, work orders to ITD will be issued soon,\" a senior official said.Confirming the development, project director Lalit Meghnani said, \"The DMRC will take a call in this regard by the end of this month.\"According to officials, majority of civil construction work for the Jaipur metro rail project is done by DSC. On the 9.25 kilometre metro route work, from Mansarovar to Ramnagar and Ajmer Road flyover to Chandpole, is under the jurisdiction of DSC. ITD is responsible for construction of the elevated Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) and double viaduct on Ajmer road. \"ITD has completed approximately 70% of the civil construction and the DSC has completed approximately 55% of work,\" the official said.Sources also claimed that the DMRC is planning to hand over the work from Ajmer road flyover to Chandpole station to the ITD Company. \"The firm has accepted the proposal, however, it is demanding the cement and iron price according to the current rate. The state government is ready to give the demand.\" DSC has been hauled up by the state government earlier over the slow pace of work.The DMRC was planning to complete all civil work before December 2012 as the inspection team from the commissioner of railway safety and Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) will conduct a number of oscillation trials at that time.However, due to various setbacks, the civil construction might get slightly delayed. An official said, \"The work, including piling, piering and laying of bed for tracks, require around 12 to 13 months' time. There are provisions by which we can manage time and start the Jaipur Metro on scheduled time. So far, approximately 60% of the civil construction work has been done,\" a DMRC engineer explained.Officials also claimed that the launching operation (work for laying the bed of elevated Metro tracks) will be completed by December 2012. \"We have used some engineering innovations to bridge the time gap. The work is expected to be completed as per the schedule time and Metro will run on scheduled time,\" an official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15792473", "title": "'Recommend sex education for school, college students'", "text": "MYSORE: The Centre for study of social exclusion and inclusive policy (CCSEIP) attached to University of Mysore, which carried out a research on \"Issues and concerns of missing girls in Karnataka - a case study of Mysore district,\" has suggested the state commission for women to recommend the government to start sex education for high school and college students.CCSEIP's director Ramesh said everyone is concerned over the rise in number of missing of girls in Mysore as they took up a detailed study on the issue following recommendation by women's commission chief C Manjula.Later, in association with city police department, they took details of missing persons between 2009 and 2011 (up to Sept) and found that in Karnataka, about 14,989 went missing during the period of which only 6,950 were traced while in Mysore 1,612 including 843 women but so far about 418 have not returned.They had interacted with some family members, missing girls who returned home and the police. Surprisingly, most girls ran away from home because of \"over-expectation\" pressure from parents and also for love, Ramesh claimed. He added that they had suggested the commission in their report to introduce sex education in schools and colleges.Other recommendations include introduction to moral education in curriculum, setting up of counseling cells at schools and colleges to discuss status of missing girls and human trafficking issues, establishment of a monitoring cell at bus stands and railway stations to prevent pimps from picking up vulnerable girls and also to set up a separate cell at each police station to handle the missing girls cases. Ramesh said he submitted the study report to Manjula on Saturday.Meanwhile, Manjula told reporters that the commission had given its report in the Morning mist home stay incident based on facts and findings after a thorough study. It has not favoured any one as claimed by some of the political leaders, she added. Commission members V Mythili and Gayathridevi were present during the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779627", "title": "Modi blames Congress for mess in India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday slammed the Congress for what he called the country's \"durdasha\" (mismanagement) and urged the Gujarat BJP Mahila Morcha to prevent the Congress from coming to power in the state.\"Congress is campaigning for 'change of direction, change of situation' in Gujarat. But due to the bad direction of the Congress, our country is in a bad situation at present. You will not let that atmosphere of 'durdasha' enter our soil,\" he said while addressing a gathering of the morcha in Gandhinagar.He also took a dig at the Congress for being \"intolerant\" to criticism. He mentioned a circular of the Gujarat Congress banning a regional TV channel from covering its events. \"Journalists on Twitter, who spoke against Congress, were blocked. Here they banned a TV channel. Their crime is that they exposed cracks in the 'Ghar Nu Ghar' scheme of the Congress. Yet this party talks about democracy,\" he said.He urged them to remember the Emergency imposed by late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in the 1970s when civil freedoms were suspended and a reign of terror was unleashed.\"Remember the days of Indira Gandhi, when she attacked democracy. There was widespread fear of the Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA), which was repealed in 1977. People were jailed, but they voted her out,\" Modi added.He called upon BJP Mahila Morcha members to focus at the booth-level for the forthcoming assembly elections in the state, which is likely to be held in December this year. \"Elections are won at the booth level. If women bring at least 300 votes per booth, we will emerge victorious ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15786020", "title": "Prison department \u2018unprepared\u2019 for international seminar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state prison department has missed the August 25 deadline set by the Union home ministry to submit presentation reports on correctional measures initiated in jails. Sources said the Centre had sent the directive to all the states ahead of a six-day international seminar on prison reforms at Darussalam in Brunei from October 7.The states were also directed to nominate their officers to fly to the Asian and Pacific Conference of Correctional Administrators in Brunei. But Odisha prison wing has failed to comply with the order.\"I have not seen the letter from the ministry of home affairs. We will submit a report after learning the details,\" ADG (prisons) S S Hansda told TOI on Sunday.Sources said the delegates were scheduled to discuss core issues relating to challenges and initiatives in corrections, sharing and adaptability of best practices in correctional administration and promoting staff-offender interaction in prisons.Hansda claimed that the state government was taking a host of correction measures such as education and vocational training to reform the inmates. Human rights activists, however, rebutted that Odisha prisons were reeling under an assortment of problems\"We often see prisoners resorting to strikes inside prisons complaining of substandard diet, unhygienic living conditions, poor health service and slow progress of trial. The government has failed to provide basic facilities to inmates,\" said human rights activist Biswapriya Kanungo.\"About 84 deaths occurred in jails in Odisha in the last two years. Most of them were in their 50s and died due to poor health facilities. Some committed suicide driven by depression. Many jails are overcrowded and do not have psychiatrists and counselors,\" Kanungo said. \"Worried about slow progress of trial, an under trial prisoner threw slipper at a judge in Puri which indicates the sorry state of prisons in state,\" he added.Around 15,000 prisoners are languishing in 91 jails in the state, even though the actual capacity is around 9,000. Though there was a proposal in the past to build more prisons, including two open air jails, the proposed projects are moving at snail's pace. At present, the state has only one open air jail, namely Biju Patnaik open air ashram at Jamujhari on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar. The two proposed open air prisons would come up in Sambalpur and Balasore.The freedom and unrestricted privileges given to inmates at the Biju Patnaik open air ashram are being governed sans any rules. Though the prison administration had long back sent a proposal to the state government seeking formulation of a special legislation for functioning of the jail, it is still stuck in limbo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782012", "title": "\u2018Minister illegally gave away 4 coal blocks\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir, who has been slamming UPA government for giving away coal mines to private parties for free, has now charged coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal with illegally allocating four coal blocks after Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Amendment Bill was passed by both houses of Parliament. The bill included coal in the list of minerals that were to be allocated to private parties through auction.Elaborating on this issue, Ahir told TOI that 1993 onwards ministry of coal (MoC) allocated coal blocks on the recommendations of inter-ministerial screening committee headed by secretary (coal). The ministry started allocation of blocks to private parties from June 2004. \"The MMDR Amendment Bill, was tabled in Parliament in October 2008. The screening committee stopped holding meeting as government had tabled the bill that sought to take away their powers. No block was allocated till Sriprakash Jaiswal became the coal minister in May 2009,\" the MP said.\"On the very day Jaiswal took over, he allocated four coal blocks to private parties without any recommendation from the screening committee. The next day he allocated three more blocks. In total, he has allocated 35 blocks bypassing the screening committee. Jaiswal even allocated four blocks after the MMDR Amendment Bill was passed on August 21, 2010. This is a blatantly criminal act,\" Ahir charged.The MP said that UPA government had been avoiding transparency in coal block allocation right since the beginning. \"As CAG has pointed out, secretary (coal) himself had said auction for coal blocks could have been done as early as September 2004. MoC had referred the issue to Department of Legal Affairs (DLA), which replied in July 2006 that government could go in for competitive bidding. Law Secretary also said the same thing in August 2006. In spite of this, government avoided auctioning of coal blocks,\" he added.Around 80% of private companies allocated the blocks had no plants that needed coal. They obtained them to sell to other companies that need coal and earn handsome profit or sell the coal in black market, alleged Ahir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15779570", "title": "Gaya joins e-governance scheme", "text": "GAYA: Bihar government moved closer to nearly four million residents of Gaya district spread over 24 blocks and 332 panchayats, as Gaya formally became an e-district thereby making the people just a mouse click away from the government. Gaya administration entered the cyber world on Sunday afternoon at a function organized at Hasrat Mohani auditorium to mark the occasion.State assembly Speaker Udai Narain Chaudhary inaugurated the formal ushering of Gaya into e-district. IT minister Shahid Ali Khan was the chief guest on the occasion. Former IT minister and Tekari MLA Anil Kumar presided over the occasion.As per the details officially made available, Gaya's entry into the e-club (Gaya is the fourth district of the state after Nalanda, Madhubani and Aurangabad to join the e-governance scheme), over one dozen services will be provided to the people at their doorstep and they no longer need to make rounds of the block offices, SDO office and Collectorate, the poorer among them earlier losing several days' wages to get even small things done. These services will now be provided to them at the panchayat level community service centre (CSC) established under the PPP mode and managed by village level entrepreneurs (VLEs).The services provided through the CSCs include caste certificate, residential certificate, income certificate, character certificate, handicap pension, widow pension, old age pension, BPL certificate, BPL information, land mutation and land settlement and possession of land. The charge for all these services will vary between Rs 10 and Rs 35.People can visit any of the 332 CSCs and submit their applications along with the fee and affidavit. The applicants will be updated about their work through SMS and once the work is done, they will be accordingly informed through SMS to collect the documents from the community service centre. In order to ensure transparency, the community service providers will display the necessary information on a notice board. Separate receipt and issue register will be maintained by the service providers chosen under the PPP mode.The certificates issued under the system will carry the digital signatures of the issuing official. The applications received at the panchayat level will necessarily have to be forwarded in original to the block/circle office concerned, say the guidelines issued for e-governance scheme.IT minister Khan said that Bihar was the first state in the country to impart computer education in madrassas and Rs 28 crore had been earmarked for the computerization of madrassas. Assemby speaker Chaudhary narrated the woes of the poor making the rounds of government offices for weeks and months to get even small things done. Chaudhary hoped that the e-governance scheme will provide the much-needed relief to the people particularly the underprivileged section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792535", "title": "SP eyes Gujarat, to field nearly 50 candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Buoyed by the clean sweep in Uttar Pradesh assembly elections earlier this year, Samajwadi Party is planning to test the political waters in Gujarat in the assembly polls scheduled to be held in December 2012. The recent visits of over a dozen odd district and state level leaders from the Gujarat Congress as well as from Bharatiya Janata Party to meet SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav has come as a shot in the arm for the party, which is preparing to field nearly 50 candidates in the 182-member Gujarat assembly.Senior party functionaries have already started visiting Gujarat to assess the political scenario in the state. \"While education minister Brahmashankar Tripathi was in Vadodara recently, party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and senior cabinet minister Mohammed Azam Khan are slated to visit Gujarat in the next one month,\" party sources said.With the political observers in Gujarat forecasting a triangular contest in the 2012 assembly polls among the Congress, BJP and newly-floated Gujarat Parivartan Party of Keshubhai Patel , who was till recently part of the BJP, the SP leadership is not nurturing dreams of repeating what it did in UP earlier in the year. However, they feel that SP's entry into the poll fray may influence the results of 20 assembly seats.\"The idea behind contesting the polls in a big way is that it will work as a preparatory test for the 2014 general elections at least for the party workers in Gujarat,\" said a senior SP leader. The main reason why the party is not very hopeful of making it to the Gujarat assembly is that despite 9% of the total population being Muslims (the traditional vote bank of SP), the community is scattered almost evenly all across the state and does not dominate any region.SP's poll preparations in Gujarat had formally begun with a bang at a big function held in Ahmedabad's Town Hall in June. The SP is targeting the Muslims and migrants from Uttar Pradesh, concentrated largely in the South belt of the state in districts like Bharuch and Vapi apart from Ahmedabad and Vadodara in central Gujarat.According to Gulab Singh, the party's general secretary for South Gujarat, the membership drive launched in South Gujarat's industrial belt in Surat, Bharuch, Ankleshwar GIDC, Vapi GIDC, Umargam GIDC and Valsad have thrown up encouraging results. \"I met the party supremo in Delhi recently, where we gave a final shape to the manner in which we will pursue our moves before the assembly polls in Gujarat. In Surat alone, we registered over 30,000 members. There are around five lakh registered voters here who have their roots in UP and Bihar and there is no reason why they cannot play a decisive role in the 20-odd seats of South Gujarat if they move in a consolidated manner,\" Gulab Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815736", "title": "Manish Naggdev to re-enter Madhubala?", "text": "Nautanki Films' Madhubala Ek Ishq Ek Junoon on Colors TV' has been unfolding an interesting plot with Madhubala ( Drashti Dhami) marrying her arch enemy RK (Vivian D'Sena).Madhu's suffering knows no bounds as she's ill treated by her superstar husband. With the introduction of this track, the makers of the show are now planning to spice up the plot a bit. The show has garnered higher TRPS since last week and audiences are warming up to RK and Madhu's chemistry. But before they can get used to it, sources inform that the show is headed for a love triangle.Manish Naggdev, who played the role of Mukund, was shown to be besotted by Madhu and the two were even engaged. But in a turn of events, the show eventually saw Mukund's exit. Now he's all set to return in a new avatar, something very different and sources further say that his character will have shades of grey.Manish (Mukund) is said to make his re entry in the next 20- 25 days (September) and the shooting for the same is expected to begin soon. When contacted, Manish remained unavailable for comment.Will Madhu end her marriage to RK with Mukund's entry and will she run into his arms? All speculations will have to stand the test of time. Until then, keep reading for the latest updates!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798403", "title": "Nashik police book road contractor for cheating", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police have booked Mahendra Dhadwal for cheating a 70-year-old man of Rs 36,000. According to a complaint registered at the Nashik Road police station, accused Mahendra Dhadwal and complainant Suvalal Lunavat, resident of Mahaveer Society, Nashik Road, are government contractors. In the complaint filed by Lunavat he has said that Dhadwal had a contract of road construction. For this purpose, between March 2009 and June 2009, accused Dhadwal got the water for the road work from Lunavat through the latter's water tankers. However, when the bill for the water came to Rs 91,150, Dhadwal paid only Rs 57,000. Since the issue was not settled, Lunawat earlier approached the court. Subsequently, the local court got the case transferred for further investigation to the Nashik Road police station.One arrested for theft: The Satpur police have arrested Pawan Gurkha (21), resident of Kabir Nagar, for stealing Rs 300 from the house of Laxman Padamkhate at Atre Niwas, Kamgar Nagar, Satpur, on August 24 at 9.00am.While Padamkhate has lodged a complaint in this regard against an unidentified burglar, the police have arrested Pawan Gurkha suspecting him of being involved in the crime. tnnThe case is being investigated further by the Satpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798505", "title": "Plays on urban issues", "text": "CHENNAI: Two short plays on urban related issues will be performed in the city on Monday. Pied Piper, by students of MOP Vaishnav College, a satire based on the classic German fable, 'The Pied Piper' deals with the confused culture that is prevalent in today's society.Another play, 'Scandal in Fairyland' , directed by Hans Kaushik talks about how news is made to manipulate common man and aims to serve as a wake-up call to those who believe everything that they read. They will be performed at 7.30pm at the centre stage of the Indo-German Urban Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15781744", "title": "Mother of 3 ends life after blackmail", "text": "NAGPUR: An illicit relationship left a family shattered when a mother of three ended life following the blackmailing by her lover who threatened to make public the clips of their physical intimacy recorded on mobile phone.Pratibha Sangole had set herself on fire at her Rajiv Gandhi Nagar home on August 15. She was rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital where she died the following day. Based on her suicide note and dying declaration, Yashodhara Nagar police booked her lover 28-year-old Raju Sonkusre who too is married and has children. Sonkusre, a mason, faces charges of abetment to suicide.Pratibha had mentioned in her suicide note, dated August 6, that Raju was in possession of clips showing her in compromising position. Apart from giving clean chit to family members, Pratibha had expressed her intention that her children-two daughters (9 and 7) and a son (5)- should grow up at her parents' place. The note was kept in elder daughter's school bag.Pratibha's husband Umesh, who is a casual labourer, claimed a lecherous woman in the neighbourhood had introduced his wife to Raju a few months ago. Raju apparently lured Pratibha with cash and gifts, including a mobile phone, to get close. \"I came to know of Sonkusre when I saw her mobile phone. She confessed about the illicit relation,\" said Umesh. \"We had gone to meet Sonkusre to return the phone to him. He was evasive then,\" said the grieving husband.Family members claimed many other women in the locality were falling victims to such rackets. Umesh said the woman who had introduced Pratibha to Sonkusre has now eloped with another young man leaving her husband. \"Someone tried to lure my wife too but we did not to allow the matter to snowball,\" said a close relative of Pratibha. \"This is becoming a trend in the poorer localities,\" said the relative.It is learnt that Pratibha, seriously injured, had told family members and police how Sonkusre would threaten her with showing the clips to her husband Umesh and others. \"Pratibha had even approached a local leader who had assured to help her,\" said another family member.Senior inspector Balasaheb Dewulkar of Yashodhara Nagar police station said no clip was found on Sonkusre's mobile phone and he may have deleted those. \"We will take help of experts to gather evidence,\" Dewulkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15811147", "title": "Chandu Borde remembers former mate Pankaj Roy", "text": "KOLKATA: Former India cricketer Chandu Borde felt nostalgic while unveiling a statue of his former teammate Pankaj Roy at the Kumartuli Park in Kolkata over the weekend. \"Pankaj, Nari (Contractor) and I were the three players from outside Mumbai then playing for India. Hence we three developed a special friendship,\" Borde recalled while walking down memory lane.The Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) requested Contractor too to grace the occasion, but he could not make it due to ill health. But 78-year-old Borde just could not say 'no' when invited. Borde said the trio had developed a family relation after their playing days.Borde heaped praise on Roy the batsman. \"Roy was one of the best technically sound batsmen I had ever seen,\" the former India skipper said. \"It was amazing the way he played the pace bowlers at a time when helmet was not introduced. I feel he could have done wonders if he had the privilege of having all the modern cricketing gears of today.\"The former chairman of national selectors also pointed out Roy's role behind India's maiden success in World Cup in 1983. \"Roy was one of the selectors who picked up that squad,\" Borde reminded all.\"Roy toured England in 1952 and '59 and had a first hand experience of the conditions there. He picked up those players whom he felt will be effective in those conditions only,\" he said.Borde felt it is difficult to find such a talented and committed cricketer now. \"He has always played the game for the love of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15791992", "title": "Sannata in Bollywood: AK Hangal dead", "text": "MUMBAI: Character actor A K Hangal, who had the rare ability to imbue the smallest and the most ordinary of roles with quality and dignity, passed away at a private hospital in Santa Cruz, Mumbai following health complications caused by a recent hip fracture. \"He was not keeping well for quite some time,\" his son Vijay told a news agency. He was 98.Even in a crowded multi-starrer like Sholay (1975), Hangal's cameo of the blind Rahim chacha stood out. Many still remember his dialogue, Yeh itna sannata kyun hai bhai. His emotional speech, on learning that his son has been killed by the dacoits, is among the most moving moments in the film.\"He was a brilliant and versatile actor who could modulate his voice very effectively,\" says director Basu Chatterjee, who gave the Sialkot-born actor his most shaded roles in films such as Manzil (1979) and Shaukeen (1982). In Manzil, Hangal played a suave crook and in Shaukeen, he was one of the three lecherous old men out to have adult fun. With his death, all the three protagonists- Ashok Kumar and Utpal Dutt being the other two- in the film are gone.Recalls director Rahul Rawail, for whom Hangal acted in Arjun (1985) and Dacait (1987),\" \"He had a complex role in Arjun, where he played Sunny Deol's father. But he was absolutely brilliant in the role of a man conflicted between his rebellious son and his domineering wife.\"Hangal was 50 plus when he made his Hindi film debut playing the brief role of Raj Kapoor's elder brother in Teesri Kasam (1966). In the credits, his name appeared only as Hangal. Another early role was that of a ruthless businessman who wants to build multi-storeys over jhuggi-jhopris and tries to lure an honest journalist to join his fold in K A Abbas' Bambai Raat Ki Bahon Mein (1967).His best roles happened in the 1970s and 1980s when the actor was a regular fixture in dozens of movies generally playing weary middle and lower middle-class characters. But he acted even in Amol Palekar's Paheli (2005). Hangal got to play some of his more distinctly-etched characters in Hrishikesh Mukherjee movies such as Bawarchi (1972) where he played a clerk with a weakness for the evening tipple and Namak Haraam (1974) where he was an honest trade unionist.Born in a Kashmiri Pandit family, Hangal was educated in Peshawar and shifted to Karachi where formally joined the Communist Party of India and the freedom movement. He was an active member of the Indian People Theater's Association (IPTA) and later became its national president.\"After Partition, he initially refused to move out of Karachi but was later persuaded by the then general secretary of the Communist Party of Pakistan, Syed Sajjad Zaheer, and came over to Mumbai in late 1950. He started working as a tailor for a living but continued his association with CPI and IPTA,\" the CPI said in a condolence message. The actor is survived by his only son, Vijay, a retired cameraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798705", "title": "Killer wells to be fenced off", "text": "CHENNAI: After a series of accidents in which vehicles ran off highways and plunged into wells, the state has decided to fence off or build walls around all open wells and ditches along highways in the state. The State Road Safety Council had suggested that the highways department close these death traps.The highways department has come up with a Rs 21-crore proposal to build walls around 881 wells and ditches. A study by the department showed that Tanjore has 72 open wells abutting highways , more than any other district. Trichy has 59 open wells near highways. Department officials said there are no open wells in Chennai but there are 15 in neighbouring Tiruvallur district and four in Chengalpet.The highways department will build 3-foot-high walls around wells and put reflective stickers on them. The proposal has been sent to the government. \"The proposal should get approved soon,\" an official of the department said. Officials from the department say there are at least 100 cases each year of vehicles falling into open wells.\"When a driver loses control of his vehicle and it goes off the road, he may be able to bring it to a halt without anyone being seriously injured,\" the official said. \"But if the vehicle falls into a ditch or well, it is unlikely that there will be any survivors.\"Drivers sometimes attempt to overtake a vehicle and find another vehicle coming towards them from the opposite direction. In such a situation, the official said, the driver may oversteer while attempting to pull out of the manoeuvre or the driver of the other vehicle may be forced off the road.In one of the worst such accidents, a van with eight members of a family and a driver plunged into a well near Nakkalakottai on the Usilampatti- Thirumangalam highway in February. It took an entire night for the fire services to fish out the bodies from the 60-foot-deep well. When a crane lifted the van out of the well, there were only five bodies inside .After the accident, villagers said there were many open wells on that stretch of road without walls or warning boards. A citizen from Nagercoil brought the issue to the notice of officials when he filed a public interest litigation in which he stated that open wells along highways posed a major risk to motorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785959", "title": "Turmeric farmers to float new firm to review minimum price", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after Erode witnessed a mammoth gathering of turmeric farmers declaring their right to fix the price of turmeric, confusion grips the sector in the face of growing production costs and lower returns. Though union minister of state for agriculture Dr Charan Das Mahant left the conference without giving any assurance on the base price, All-India Turmeric Farmers' Federation has declared that its members will not sell turmeric this season without getting a minimum price of Rs 9,000 per quintal.\"A resolution in this regard was adopted during Saturday's meeting. We have launched a company named Agriculture Producers Company Limited which will periodically review the minimum price,'' said PK Deiva Sigamani, national president of the organization. \"We have made public our strategy. Like in any similar field, farmers must have the right to fix the price. Price regulation for egg and cotton is being controlled by the farmers. We will decide the price and keep cartels and their agents at bay,'' he said.However, Tamilaga Viasayigal Sangham leader, C Logusamy, voiced a different opinion. \"It is a welcome change if farmers can fix the price. However, what happens if buyers refuse to pay the fixed rate? Wealthy farmers can store their produce until they get a better price. But it will be impossible for small and medium farmers who depend primarily on bank loans,\" he said. \"The need of the hour is to get government assurance on market control and intervention. Only the government can impose a ceiling on cultivation and ensure better prices,'' he added.Both leaders agree that turmeric must get a minimum price ranging between Rs 10,000 and Rs 13,000 per quintal as the production cost alone works up to Rs 8,500. The present market rate is Rs 7,000 per quintal. Sadly, turmeric that was sold at Rs 17,000 a quintal two years ago had touched a low of Rs 3,500 in June before settling down at Rs 7,000 a quintal.Modakurisi Vivasayikal Sangham president A M Subrahmaniyan said, \"The procurement price fixed by the state this year was just Rs 4,000. It happened at a time when the market price crossed Rs 7,000. The government was ready to offer us a better procurement price but some officials had played spoilsport\".Meanwhile, turmeric farmer T Subbu predicts a possible increase in the price very soon as the yield this year across India remains very low. \"Like in Western Tamil Nadu , drought hit most turmeric hubs in the country. Wilting diseases have also been widely reported. The prices may increase because of lower production but that too would be at the expense of ordinary farmers. He also cited the increase in wages and fertilizer prize to stress on the plight of farmers who are incurring losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782248", "title": "Kiran Bedi skips Arvind Kejriwal-led protest, frowns upon attacking BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The gloves are off within erstwhile Team Anna with one of its core members Kiran Bedi , conspicuous by her absence at Sunday's protest, coming out in support of the BJP in sharp contrast to her colleagues.In a statement on Sunday evening explaining why she did not attend the protest, Bedi said the activists \"needed\" the prime opposition party to put effective systems in place. This was in response to fellow activist Arvind Kejriwal's stand on Friday that neither Congress nor BJP or any other political party but only a \"people's movement'' would bring about a systemic change. Incidentally, both Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan denied that there was any rift when questioned about Bedi skipping Sunday's gherao plan.Bedi's affinity to the opposition party could spell bad news for the fledgling political movement that erstwhile Team Anna is planning to establish. She is the only prominent woman face in the agitation and was one of the first few people who joined Arvind Kejriwal's campaign for a strong Lokpal bill. She continues to enjoy popularity among people who remember her from her days in Delhi Police.In what appeared to be thumbs-down for her colleagues, she said the Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption could not become an alternative to the existing political system \"overnight''.The former IPS officer was quick to clarify that she had \"no political affiliation, inclination or expectations'' but felt that the focus should be on the ruling party which was the main culprit.She had opposed IAC's plan to target and gherao BJP president Nitin Gadkari's house on the coal block allocation issue arguing that the activists should not forget the support given by leaders like Arun Jaitley , Sushma Swaraj , L K Advani and Gadkari during their bid to get the Jan Lokpal bill passed. \"Arvind and the Bhushans had several meetings with them (BJP leaders). And they agreed to support in some ways. But at least they were not dismissive as the ruling party. Why must we forget this,'' Bedi said.Adding that she was only being practical, she said, \"End of the day, if we paint all black who will get us what the country needs now and in the near future.''Arvind Kejriwal had said on Saturday that Bedi was \"completely\" with them and \"there could be two viewpoints\" on any issue. But he admitted that her viewpoint was \"slightly different\" on the matter.\"I had informed the team of my personal perspective, that we ought to focus on the ruling party as bracketing opposition right now when they are already attacking the ruling party will in fact benefit only the party in power. They obviously firmed up their mind,\" Bedi said.Asked about skipping the protest, the former IPS officer said she has nothing whatsoever to do with any political formation nor was she being soft. \"I am just being realistic,\" she said.\"India needs honest political leadership and I look forward to widespread changes. But we got to be patient and inclusive. Without losing possible quarters of support even if we have ideological difference with them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15793885", "title": "Rioting cases slapped on IAC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police registered cases of rioting against Arvind Kejriwal , Prashant Bhushan , Manish Sisodia , Gopal Rai and Neeraj Kumar . Cases of assault have been registered against unknown persons who, sources said , were still being identified in late evening.Cops said force was used against the activists because they were violating Section 144 of Cr PC (prohibiting assembly of people ) that had been imposed in these VIP areas . The FIR has been lodged at Parliament Street police station . \"At several places , we had to resort to lathicharge as the protesters refused to disperse ,\" a senior cop said .The drama started early in the morning when six Team Anna members \u2014 Kejriwal , Sisodia , Kumar Vishwas , Rai , Gopal Mohan and Sanjay Singh \u2014 split themselves into three groups and made their way to 10 Janpath , 7 Race Course Road and 13 Teen Murti Marg , Gadkari's residence .Protesting against Delhi Metro's decision to shut six stations in view of IAC's scheduled protest at Jantar Mantar , the three IAC teams took the cops by surprise by started out for the VIP residences instead of Jantar Mantar as planned . However , they were stopped before they could reach .Sitting on footpaths , Kejriwal and his team were finally rounded off by the police around 7.15am, from where they were taken to the Mandir Marg police station . \"The cops have not provided us reasons for the detainment . We have not violated any law as Section 144 says that a gathering of four or more is prohibited . We were just two persons each in all three places ,\" said Kejriwal .As Kejriwal and Sisodia were being put into the police vans to be taken to Bawana , supporters who had surrounded the police station , stormed the police station and blocked the exits . Blocking the passage of the vans that were carrying Kejriwal and Sisodia , the supporters lay down in front of the vehicles , puncturing tyres of police vehicles in some cases \u2014 forcing cops to release the team members one by one .This proved to be just a taste of things to come . After being released , Kejriwal and his team marched back to Jantar Mantar . By this time , a crowd of more than 800 had gathered at Jantar Mantar . Around 12.45pm, Team Anna and supporters made a second attempt to protest outside the politicians' residences . Splitting into three groups , they again marched to the PM, Gandhi and Gadkari's residences .This time though , cops were prepared . While protesters outside Gadkari's residence were dispersed peacefully , the situation turned violent at Akbar Road and 10 Janpath . Supporters marching towards 7 RCR led by Kejriwal were lathi-charged by the cops . Water cannon were used and tear gas shells were lobbed at them . A protestor Ankit Kumar (25) was left with a bleeding head .Protesters had to be physically dragged from each location , and even came in waves to Race Course Road , replacing those who were arrested , giving cops no respite . As the scattered protests exploded in several parts of central Delhi, riot police was deployed to rein in the protest . At around 2.45pm, Kejriwal was again detained by the police .In other locations , Sisodia and Prashant Bhushan , heading towards 10 Janpath , were also detained . The protests were finally called off around 3.30pm and the crowd dispersed . At Jantar Mantar , Kejriwal accused the PM and leaders of both Congress and BJP to be hand-inglove in the scam . \"Both parties are looting the nation and hence should not be voted into power ,\" he said .+", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chinaganjam", "code": "15789946", "title": "Man burns alive sister, niece; kills self", "text": "CHINAGANJAM: Infuriated over his sister's extramarital relationship, a brother allegedly burnt her alive along with her young daughter and later set himself on fire. Police, however, suspect that it could have been a suicide pact. This incident took place at Adaviveedhipalem village in Chinaganjam mandal in Prakasam district on Sunday.Ganji Subramanyam, 35, allegedly poured kerosene on the small tenement in the afternoon and set it on fire when sister Roja, 29, and his five-year-old niece Keerthana were inside.Though they raised an alarm, the fire engulfed them. Soon after, the accused brother poured kerosene on himself and set himself ablaze. He also died on the spot. Sources said Subramanyam was upset with his sister for an illicit relationship she had with a youth in the village. \"He threatened her of dire consequences if she did not mend her ways,\" locals said.Both the brother and sister were living in the same house after Roja separated from her husband. Subramanyam was running a small hotel.SI Rajesh said that they would probe all the aspects before coming to a conclusion. A case under Sec 174 of the IPC was booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15820799", "title": "Apple patent win may delay Samsung launches", "text": "Apple Inc won more than $1 billion after a jury found Samsung Electronics Co infringed six of seven patents for its mobile devices in a verdict that may lead to a ban on US sales of handheld electronics a judge deems to violate Apple's rights.Apple won less than half of what it sought in damages in the first lawsuit to go before a US jury in the fight to dominate the global smartphone market, though US District Judge Lucy Koh may later triple the damages against Samsung under federal law. Samsung avoided a finding of damages for antitrust law violations or breach of contract.Samsung may need to delay introducing new mobile devices so it can make design changes.The companies return to court next month for a hearing on Apple's request for a permanent ban on devices including Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1. Samsung vaulted to the top of a global smartphone market valued at $219 billion by Bloomberg Industries by introducing a variety of Galaxy models using Google Inc's Android software and gaining share over Apple's more-limited product range. The Suwon, South Korea-based company may have to rush to change products under development, leading to delays as it seeks to widen its lead.Samsung has gotten around other sales bans by modifying some features of its products. The company last year changed the frame of a Galaxy tab model and the location of speakers after Apple won an injunction banning its sales in Germany.The global lineup for the rest of this year includes the next version of the Galaxy Note, which sold more than 10 million units in less than a year. The company began selling a tablet edition of the Note this month, following the May release of the Galaxy S III, the newest version in its bestselling smartphone series. Samsung \u2014 the largest maker of computer-memory chips, flat-screen panels and TVs \u2014 plans to spend $22 billion this year in capital expenditure to boost manufacturing capacity.The verdict may affect other makers of Android-based devices. Apple has sued other smartphone makers, including HTC Corp, the world's fourth-largest smartphone maker that generated $15.8 billion in revenue last year mostly from selling phones such as Desire and Sensation.Samsung will ask the judge to overturn the verdict and, if she doesn't, will appeal the case, Mira Jang, a spokeswoman for Samsung, said in an e-mail. \"A final decision would've been less burdensome,\" Heo Pil Seok, chief executive officer at Seoul-based Midas International Asset Management, which oversees $5 billion, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15795326", "title": "I decided to shut the Aussies out, says Smit Patel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While Unmukt Chand is rightly being hailed as the hero for India's magnificent triumph Down Under in the Under-19 World Cup, it would be unfair if stumper Smit Patel isn't given his due.At 97 for 4, things looked tight for India and bright for the Aussies but Patel (62; 84 balls, 8x4) proved to be the perfect foil for skipper Chand as they added 130 for the fifth wicket to take the team home.\"Unmukt is one of the finest young batsmen India have at the moment. He played a captain's knock to see the team through. But Smit's innings was equally brilliant. Because when Smit went into bat the match was evenly poised. He played a mature innings,\" said U-19 selector and team manager Pritam Gandhe from Australia.\"Even in that crucial match against Pakistan he had played a small but important innings. He generally bats down the order, but since he was in good form we decided to send him in early and he proved us right. He is a gutsy player and wasn't overawed, added Gandhe. Patel has performed creditably in this tournament.He scored 178 runs from six innings at an average of 59.33. He was not out on three occasions with two 50s. Apart from batting, Patel was also brilliant behind the stumps, with 13 catches and one stumping.Barely able to think or speak after some delirious celebrations, Patel told TOI, \"I am just happy that I have been able to keep the faith of the team and all those people who believed in me.I knew that I have to just play my natural game without doing anything stupid. The wicket was not very difficult, the total was not big and Unmukt was playing well, so I just stood there and decided to shut the Aussies out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15792982", "title": "Sociology tops Choice Based Credit System list", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore University (MU) has witnessed huge demand for sociology, social work, mass communication and journalism (MCJ), human resources development (HRD), and computer science (CS) courses or subjects, in its pilot batch of Choice Based Credit System (CBCS). Many postgraduate students have applied for these five courses under CBCS at its campus.As per the directions of University Grants Commission (UGC), MU launched CBCS one month ago. Under CBCS, third semester PG students have to mandatorily pursue one choice based course (CBC), apart from their respective specialization PG course. For instance, an M Com student can choose CS under CBCS.Of the 34 courses offered, under arts, science, commerce and education faculties, sociology course received the highest number of applications.For 50 seats as many as 150 students from different streams have applied for this course. In CBCS students can pursue their CBC either in their respective colleges or in other colleges. This academic year there are 1,199 students, which include 450 students from MU affiliated colleges in CBSC on MU campus.Ramya, a third semester M Com student from St Philomena College, Puttur, has opted for human resources development (HRD) course in MU campus. Ramya told TOI that to equip herself with better managerial skills for any future job, she decided to take up HRD. \"Instead of other MBA colleges I chose to pursue HRD in MU campus because the faculty here is more experienced,\" she added.Namadev S Pawar, a third semester MSW student from Mangalore Institute of Fashion Technology, has picked computer science in MU campus. He says, \"I have seen many PGs fail to secure a job due to lack of computer knowledge so I opted for CS.\"MU VC TC Shivashankara Murthy said CBCS offers students an opportunity to enhance their knowledge in a course apart from their specialization course. Classes for CBC will be conducted for third semester PG students every Saturday for four months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15771081", "title": "Stripped! Armstrong and others who lost their medals", "text": "After Lance Armstrong fell from grace when he said he wouldn't fight doping charges, BT checks out other athletes who have won and lost their medals.When Lance Armstrong announced on his microblogging site that enough is enough, it rocked the world of sport. \"I have been dealing with claims that I cheated and had an unfair advantage in winning my seven tours since 1999. Over the past three years, I have been subjected to a two-year federal criminal investigation followed by Travis Tygart's unconstitutional witch hunt. The toll this has taken on my family, and my work for our foundation and on me leads me to where I am today - finished with this nonsense,\" wrote the American cyclist on his microblogging site.Stripped of his seven Tour de France titles since he had dropped his fight against the USADA's charges that he used performance-enhancing drugs to win the most prestigious event in the sport from 1999 to 2005, cancer survivor Lance now wants to serve people and families affected by the disease, besides devoting his life to raising his five kids. He is now attempting to be \"the fittest 40-year-old on the planet\". We take a look at other celebrated players who won and lost their medals after they were banned for doping.Ben JohnsonIn 1988, after Ben Johnson tested positive for anabolic steroids, it became one of the landmark moments in sports history. The Canadian sprinter was stripped of his medal and 100-metre record. In 1993, he again tested positive for steroids and was banned for life from competitions by the International Association of Athletics Federation. Today, he is the subject of a British documentary that will be screened at the Toronto International Film Festival. Daniel Gordon's docu, titled 9.79*, speaks to eight men who ran the race at the Seoul Olympics with Johnson - including Carl Lewis, Linford Christie and Desai Williams - about their version of what has been described as \"the fastest and perhaps most thrilling sprint in Olympic history\".Antonio PettigrewThe American sprinter was a member of the 4x400 metres American relay team that won the gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. But posterity had other plans when the International Olympic Committee (IOC) stripped Antonio and his teammates, including Michael Johnson, of their medals after he admitted to doping during a trial against former coach Trevor Graham. In August 2010, he committed suicide and was found dead in the backseat of his locked car.Lyudmyla BlonskaThe phrase 'once bitten, twice shy' is not something Lyudmyla Blonska believes in. Otherwise, why would an athlete get into a doping scandal twice over and risk herself being banned for life? The Ukrainian heptathlete, long jumper and 2006 World Indoor champion pentathlete had qualified for the European Championships in Munich, but tested positive for sterioids. She was keen to appeal against the results of the dope test, but lacked the financial backing to do so. She served a two-year ban, before returning to the sport after having her second child. At the Beijing Olympics, she won another silver medal in the heptathlon, but was found guilty of doping again. This time around, she was banned from competitive athletics forever. Even her husband, Sergeii, was banned for life!Rashid RamziWhen the Moroccan-Bahraini track and field athlete won a gold at the Beijing Olympics, it was Bahrain's first Olympic success. The athlete was richly rewarded and feted upon his return. But things took a drastic turn when he tested positive for doping and was stripped of his gold medal that he had won for the 1,500 meters. The results were revealed in 2009 and in 2010, and he was banned for two years by the Bahrain Athletics Association, which backdated his ban to May 3, 2009. Last heard, the athlete still spends his time in Morocco to train at high altitudes.Marion JonesShe fell from grace even after winning five medals at the Sydney Olympics and had to return all her medals and prizes dating back to September 2000. This was after she admitted in October 2007 that she had taken performance-enhancing drugs while participating in the Sydney Olympics and had lied about it to a grand jury. Not just that, Marion, who was once regarded a legend, was also convicted of cheque fraud and perjury and was sentenced to a six-month prison term in 2008.Nadzeya OstapchukThis Belarusian shot putter is among one of the entries to the never-won-the-London-Olympics medal club. She wanted to take up basketball as a career, but later shifted to shotput. At 31, she was competing in her third Olympic Games at London, after having finished fourth in Athens in 2004 and claiming a bronze in Beijing. While Nadzeya has referred to the Olympics dope test as \"nonsense\", Valerie Adams from New Zealand is keen to return her silver medal to get the gold as soon as the Belarusian shot putter returns it. However, there's no clear indication of when that's going to happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15786014", "title": "Junior doctors rue loss of PG seats", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: About 50 junior doctors who have lost their post graduate seats after the Supreme Court ruled that doctors in service cannot be given any special weightage in admission to PG medical seats, have accused the state government of causing mental harassment and social disgrace to them. They said owing to wrong policies of the state government, young doctors in the state are unwilling to work in rural areas.\"It was the government's decision to give weightage to doctors in government service as per the guidelines of the Medical Council of India though none of us sought the benefit. But when it was challenged in the Supreme Court, the government could not defend its stand and we became victims. Now we neither have a job nor a PG seat,\" said Bibekananda Nayak.The junior doctors also alleged that the Supreme Court's order is contradictory to another verdict of the apex court where it was said that seats cannot be retrieved after three months of classes. The callousness of the state government has led five doctors of Rayagada district to quit their jobs for higher studies and better opportunities.\"The additional weightage in PG exam also encouraged many to join government service in interior areas. But since the government has failed to realize its promise, most of the doctors lost interest in working in adverse conditions and are planning to quit,\" said another doctor.The students also alleged that medical education in the state has become a mess due to so many legal tangles. \"At least 10 cases are pending in different courts, which is causing unnecessary delay in commencement of courses as well as causing harassment to students. If the condition prevails, a time will come when students will not go for medical study in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795857", "title": "Does the Rolodex matter", "text": "New research by Bang Dang Nguyen of Cambridge Judge Business School, entitled, 'Does the Rolodex matter' summarises an investigation into how informal social ties between directors and the CEO impacts on the working of the board and the resulting positive or negative impact on corporate governance.There were three main findings. Firstly, close ties within a board can adversely affect company performance. While his study was not designed to explain why this is the case, Nguyen believes opposing forces are at play: the positive effects of connectedness on information asymmetry as well as the board's advisory role versus its willingness to be tough on a CEO when circumstances demand.Secondly, social networks seem to impact board effectiveness in its role of hiring and firing CEOs, a key duty for the board to enable them to protect shareholder value. It appears well-connected CEOs are less likely to be ousted for poor performance than nonconnected CEOs. For the same poor performance , the connected CEO is almost threetimes less likely to be fired.The third key finding is that a connected CEO ousted for poor performance is much more likely to find a better job, more quickly, than an unconnected CEO.Among Nguyen's recommendations: Faced with widespread and resilient social networks , regulators should not rely on the imposition of restrictions or ratio quotas on boards to make corporate governance more effective. Instead, the regulator should put pressure on the firm by focusing on making the market more competitive and increasing transparency.He admits there is little a regulator can do with social networks but by encouraging competition, firms themselves will need to be more competitive and will open themselves up to talent outside their immediate networks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15797924", "title": "Postal agent held in 1 crore fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 55-year-old post office agent in Thiruvottiyur on Sunday for defrauding depositors with fixed and recurring deposits of 1 crore.Police said N Amirthammal , of Kalaingar Nagar, who became a licenced post office agent in 1987, swindled the money over a two-year period. India Post appointed Amirthammal as one of 10 agents to collect money from depositors inThiruvottiyur. Part of her duties as an agent was to help depositors open fixed and recurring deposit accounts.Investigators said Amirthammal's scam came to light when a resident of West Tamabaram , Subramani, lodged acomplaint against her. \"Subramani, who retired from a private company in 2006, consulted Amirthammal , his friend's wife, before investing his retirement benefits in post office accounts in Thiruvottiyur ,\" an investigating officer said.Amirthammal had worked for India Post for more than 25 years, so Subramani entrusted her with taking care of his accounts and the interest he was supposed to be paid.A year ago, Amirthammal informed Subramani that his accounts had matured and that officials at the post office would transfer the money to his bank account. \"Subramani gave the woman a signed withdrawal slip, believing that the woman would help him withdraw the money ,\" the officer said. \"He did not know that Amirthammal had spent the money.\" After failing to receive the money for over a year, Subramani on Saturday lodged a complaint with the Thiruvottiyur police.Another complainant Pachaiammal , a widower, alleged that Amirthammal took advantage of the fact that she illiterate to cheat her. She said she gave Amirthammal 500 every month, after the postal agent promised to deposit the money for her. Pachaiammal told the police that she gave the pass book to Amirthammal, who used it to defraud her.Police took Amirthammal into custody on Sunday. During interrogation, Amirthammal revealed that she had also cheated a doctor of 45 lakh, an employee of a private firm of 1 lakh and a trader in Tondiarpet of 10 lakh. Police said she cheated more than 20 people of atotal of 1 crore.Amirthammal stopped depositing money for people who had opened recurring deposits for up to 6,000 a month. \"She took their signatures on withdrawal slips and pocketed the money,\" the officer said. \"Amirthammal committed most of her fraudulent activities over the past two years. She used the money to construct houses,\" Thiruvottiyur inspector V Sampath said. Investigators are searching for Amirthammal's husband and son, a software engineer , who they believe colluded with her in the fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15790229", "title": "BJP boycott may wash out entire monsoon session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament is likely to be stalled on Monday and the entire monsoon session could get washed out with the BJP deciding that it will not back down from its demand for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation on the coal block allocation issue.The PM is prepared to make a statement in Parliament on Monday, but the BJP is clear that it will not allow the House to function.Even as BJP runs the risk of being isolated on disrupting Parliament, the party is convinced that the corruption issue against the Congress can only be kept alive by keeping its focus on the PM, who was in charge of the coal ministry when the allocations criticized by the federal auditor were made. The party feels a parliamentary debate will only end the matter with the government's reply as the last word.If the PM makes a statement outside Parliament, the BJP plans to counter it with its own leaders, including chief ministers of states who the government claims had written to the PM on coal block allocations.'Congress trying to legitimize graft with debate'A discussion in Parliament will not bring out the truth on the coal block allocation issue, the BJP maintained, saying the Congress was trying to take the easy way out by offering a House debate.\"A new tradition is being set in this country by Congress to legitimize corruption by holding discussion in Parliament. The BJP will take this fight to the whole country, from within Parliament to the common man on the street,\" said BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy.With setbacks in the public accounts committee (PAC) and the joint parliamentary committee (JPC) on the 2G spectrum scam and other issues, BJP feels the government is not interested in following up on its assurances given on the floor of the House and is attempting to scuttle efforts to take up the issues.A meeting of opposition party leaders scheduled for Monday morning in leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj's chamber in Parliament has been called off. But Sushma has spoken to all party leaders, including the Left, over phone through the weekend to drive home the point that a consensus needed to be built against \"Congress's corruption\" and specifically Coalgate.Whether BJP is able to garner support from other parties is to be seen but it is firm on its decision not to allow the matter to end with a statement from the PM in the House. On Monday morning, a meeting of NDA leaders will be held to work out the strategy ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15782260", "title": "4 railway cops throw man off train, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Wadala government railway police (GRP) on Sunday arrested four constables attached to the railway crime branch for allegedly throwing a 40-year-old man out of a running train between Kurla and Tilak Nagar. The incident took place on August 18.Police sources identified the accused constables as Raju Gedhe, Vijay Thakur, Shankar Patil and Siddhiram Mangnur. They have been charged under Section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code. The constables were attached to the Wadala unit of the railway crime branch.According to the police, the victim, Habibullah Khan , had lodged the complaint with the Wadala railway police. \"Khan said he had an argument with the policemen and the angry cops threw him out of the running train. We are still verifying whether Khan fell on his own or was really thrown out,\" said a police source.Khan was found unconscious by some passersby who informed the police. He was shifted to a hospital where he regained consciousness on August 25. He told the police that the accused were policemen. According to his statement, some constables who were on duty between the said stretches were summoned and Khan was asked to identify them. The four were arrested after Khan identified them.An officer from Wadala GRP said they were investigating the case. \"Khan is still in hospital. We have to take his complete statement. Once we get a clear picture, it will be easier for the police to find out the motive behind the crime,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15779054", "title": "Senior citizen, teen killed in accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people, including a senior citizen, lost their lives and four others were severely injured in four accidents in different parts of the city. The elderly woman, S Bharti, was hit by a speeding Swift Dzire near the Mayapuri crossing while she was returning to her east Delhi residence. The driver, Harbaksh Singh, has been arrested.In another accident at Begumpur, Deepak Sahu (19) died while his friend Sadanand was injured when an unknown vehicle hit them from behind and fled. The incident took place when the duo was taking a walk. The cops are yet to trace the car making any arrest impossible.Sadanand was admitted to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital. A Class VI student, Bhavna (13), was gravely injured after a car crushed her legs. The incident was reported from the Nihal Vihar area on Saturday morning. No one has been arrested so far in the accident.Two scooterists were also injured when a truck ramed their vehicle in Janakpuri.In the fourth accident, a truck rammed a scooter which had two scooterists injuring them critically. The driver jumped off the truck and escaped even as the truck moved ahead and collided with four other cars. The incident was reported from the Janakpuri area in west Delhi.The two men - Sachin and Sanjay - were taken to a local hospital. Sachin, who was dragged by the truck, is in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15786868", "title": "Water, telecom lines come in way of Metro run", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Metro rail is set to face a big hurdle in underground utility services as besides having a network of storm water drainage system underneath, it also has sewerage, water, power, telecommunications and traffic signal lines. And keeping these services operational during the construction period will be an uphill task.\"A large number of sub-surface, surface and overhead utilities exist along the proposed Metro routes. These services are essential and have to be maintained in working order during construction,\" says Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), in its detailed project report submitted to UT.\"Utility services have to be kept operational during the entire construction period and after completion of project,\" it adds.Sewer and water supply lines are mainly affected in underground cut and cover construction. These services will be maintained by temporarily replacing them with steel pipelines to support them during construction. These will be encased in reinforced concrete after completion of construction and retained as permanent. But where permanent diversions or utility pipelines and cables are not possible, temporary diversions without manholes will be made.Besides, water main lines and their service lines, including hydrants, water treatment plants and pumping stations will also come in the way of Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784320", "title": "Onam festivities all around", "text": "BHOPAL: Onam festivities have begun in the state capital with Keralities organizing several functions across the city to celebrate the 10-day harvest festival that will culminate on August 29. While the families are gearing to celebrate the day, the cultural organizations of Malayalees have started the celebrations.On Sunday, the Bhopal Malayalee Association (BMA) organized a community feast at the CPRI Colony auditorium along with cultural programmes that was attended by a large number of Keralites in the afternoon while the Bhopal Nair Samaj organized cultural programmes at its hall in Khajuri Kalan locality.Scores of Malayalees attended the BMA lunch at the CPRI and savoured traditional delicacies prepared by using vegetables and spices that was brought from Kerala, informed C Joy, president. The variety cultural programme and competition including pookalam, floral decoration was also organized on the day.Individual families are giving a final touch to their preparations for the day on Wednesday. The Nair family, C D S Nair, working with the office of accountant general Onam ushers happiness and togetherness which is most endearing.Nair told TOI, \"It is indeed a special occasion as it's all about coming together with family and close friends who are left during this auspicious day.\"Agreed his wife Lt Col Mallika Devi working with the Air force Hospital, Ghaziabad. \"We are so enthusiastic about the day that we forget all our troubles and worries. Had it not been for this day, we would have forgotten about our culture. This feeling of oneness cannot be found anywhere else,\" she said.\"Onam is a festival that is celebrated by all communities in Kerala and the rich and poor. Mahabali (the famed ruler) treats all equally,\" added Nair.Mallika had arrived on Sunday morning and the family is looking forward to their shopping and preparation of traditional sweets from Monday. \"Our son Nitish, who is working in Delhi would join us on Tuesday while our daughter would be unable to make it as this would be her first Onam with her in-laws,\" said the Nairs.While adapayasam (rice flake kheer) remains the most important for many, the Nairs say that the banana payasam and poo ada is a must. \"We also write poo ada in the floral rangoli to welcome Mahabali for breakfast who comes in the morning of Onam,\" said Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15797729", "title": "Led by nose, group explores Mint St", "text": "CHENNAI: On a sweaty Saturday evening , a group of people walked along the packed streets of Elephant Gate and Mint , exploring the culinary treats that Mint Street offers . They were not exactly 'tourists' to Chennai, but they were just new to Mint Street .The group consisted mostly of people brought up in Chennai , but they had never been to the northern part of the city besides Parry's Corner or a few garment stores in Sow carpet . The food trail along Mint Street, organised as part of the Madras Day celebrations , aimed to introduce Chennaiites to Rajasthani cuisine , which Marwaris believe is only available in Sow carpet . The group wasdividedinto groups of ten each . Each group was taken around by a volunteer family familiar with restaurants in Mint Street . The initiative was publicized in newspapers , websites and social media and managed to attract more than hundred people from across Chennai .The group gathered at Kakada Sweets on Mint Street and was drawn in by gol guppas and freshly fried onion kachoris . But only Marwaris know that the eatery is most famous for its rich badam milk . \"Here , it is badam and buffalo milk that are used. The thickness and taste cannot be found in other sweet shops in the city ,\" says Tanmai Chordia , a volunteer .After snacking on tikkis and chaat , the group then moved to Ajab sweet on Elephant Gate street which specializes in crispy jalebis . \"Though I have eaten at a branch of Ajab's in Egmore , Ajnabee , eating here is a unique feeling . You just know it's the best you can get ,\" says Anuradha R, who works for a software firm in the city . Even though Anuradha and some others have visited Mint Street before , Saturday's food walkwas a revelation of sorts . \"These eateries are popular among Marwari families . But it's surprising that people in other parts of the city have never heard of them ,\" says organizer and volunteer Pratibha Jain .The Marwari community in the city consists of families from Rajasthan and Gujarat who moved to the city nearly a century ago . The third stop was Maharaja kulfis andM ayachaatson General Muthiah Street . The group gorged on different flavours of kulfis, kesar badam flavour being the top pick . Moving on to Maya's chaats , Leela Govindarak said : \"The pyaz kachori and the filling are excellent .\" Tagging along with her son and daughter-inlaw ,she said : \"It is a little spicy with the right hints of sweet.\"After three rounds of feasting , the group walked to Rajshree sweets for mouth watering paani puris . And finally ,the group stopped at Murugan sandwich and juice shop . The shop is known for its one of a kind 'murukku ' sandwich. If requested , it is generously layered with cheese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15794932", "title": "Two independent corporators elected in KMC panel", "text": "KANPUR: Independent corporators Mohammad Irfan Khan and Mahendra Pandey have been elected along with Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party and Samajwadi Party corporators in the first working committee of Kanpur municipal corporation.Four Independent corporators were in the fray but two could win the election. The results were declared around 11 pm on Saturday night though voting got over by 6.30 pm.In all, 25 corporators purchased forms for the working committee elections. As many as 21 of them submitted the forms. Kailash Nath Pandey, Manoj Yadav, Madan Babu, Manish Sharma, Vinay Agarwal, Viplav Bhattacharya and Ashok Tiwari withdrew from the contest.This left 14 corporators in the field. BJP fielded four candidates while Congress and Samajwadi Party had three each. The Independent candidates were Rano Bajpai, Mahendra Pratap Singh, Mohammad Irfan Khan and Mahendra Pandey. It was decided in the beginning that two Independent corporators would file the nominations as there were only two vacant seats. Rano Bajpai filed her nomination papers. Irfan Khan, close to Congress jumped into the fray. Rano said she would withdraw her nomination only when Irfan would do so. When both refused to withdraw, then the election was held. This led to disunion among the Independent corporators. Later, Samajwadi Party claimed that 32 out of 60 Independent corporators were with it.During polling, 111 members cast their votes. As many as 107 out of 110 corporators participated in the polling. At the time of counting, 13 votes were found invalid while 98 were valid.After polling, a brief session was held in which the corporators complained about heaps of garbage lying in the city, waterlogging and choked sewer lines and demanded to grant at least a month to amend the house tax bills.The elected members are Abhishek Gupta, Dharmnath Mishra, Vijay Laxmi and Sandeep Jaiswal (all BJP candidates), Uttam Dubey, Mohammad Wasi and Rakesh Sahu (SP candadites), Geeta Devi, Jitendra Kumar Sachan and Saleem Baig (all Congress candidates). Mohammad Irfan Khan and Mahendra Pandey, both Independents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15807065", "title": "Jayam Raja to make Bollywood debut?", "text": "The latest buzz in the industry is that director Jayam Raja will start his next venture with Vijay, and that he will be working on the Tamil remake of the Hindi hit, Ek Tha Tiger. It was reported recently that Editor Mohan has purchased the remake rights of this Salman Khan-starrer, and has asked his son, Raja, to helm it.However, a surprised Raja tells us, \"Neither has my father got the remake rights nor am I directing Vijay in it. I'm currently in talks with Akshay Kumar for a possible Hindi film, which will be produced by a popular Bollywood director. That apart, I'm also working on a Tamil-Telugu bilingual. At this juncture, I'm unsure which one will take off first.\"But, Raja does not rule out the possibility of working with Vijay again. He adds, \"We have a great understanding and our line of thought is quite similar. After our last venture together, we have stayed in touch and have decided to work together again soon. This project is most likely to be launched by the end of next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15784407", "title": "Counting of votes: Tension outside Holkar stadium", "text": "INDORE: Tension prevailed outside the Holkar stadium the venue for the counting of votes of the Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) after Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) workers supporting Kailash Vijayvargiya and the Congress workers raised slogans and clashed with each other after the trends of the counting started pouring in late Sunday evening. Police had to resort to cane-charge to disperse the mob and bring the situation under control.Sources said over two dozen people were injured in the cane-charge. The Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police, Indore A Sai Manohar told TOI that there was no cane-charge by police. He said all that the police did was to clear the road from the agitated mob.The incident started as soon as the early trends about the counting of votes came in and it became clear that the panel supported by Union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia was poised to make a clean sweep. As Scindia came out waving to his supporters and accepting greetings the BJP supporters of Vijayvargiya raised slogans against him.Agitated BJP supporters also pulled down some banners of Scindia and burnt them leading to protests from the Scindia supporters and Congressmen who had assembled there in large number. Soon, the mob took over the Race Course Road and the police swung into action and resorted to cane-charge.Police also forcibly evicted the supporters of the two leaders in a bid to bring the situation under control. Congress and BJP supporters however, continued to raise slogans late night hours and burnt effigies and posters of the leaders. During the last elections to the MPCA two years back which Vijayvargiya had lost to Scindia, there was violence and anticipating problem, the police force was present on Sunday from morning hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15794203", "title": "Insider role in 40% cases of drug supply in jails: Report", "text": "PATIALA: A report prepared by Patiala range d eputy inspector general of police (DIG) says that 40% of the total drugs smuggled inside jails are supplied through various officials of the department.\"Most potent route of drugs' supply inside prison is through personnel like warders, head warders, vocational instructors (who provide industrial and vocational training to convicts of jail factory) and lower level prison officials like sub assistant superintendent and assistant superintendent,\" says the report prepared by DIG L K Yadav.Sometimes, higher officials like superintendent jail and deputy superintendent jail are also involved and they facilitate the supply route by removing the honest personnel from entrance gate or search post.The report was prepared after conducting thorough investigations of hundreds of NDPS cases and collecting information from other sources from jails of Patiala, Nabha, Sangrur, Barnala and Malerkotla areas. It mentions some other routes also through which drugs are supplied in jails. These include transport workers, civil hospital, over the boundary wall, visitor room, during examination of prisoners and court room among others.\"It's a confirmed fact. But now, since a DIG rank officer has confirmed the involvement of jail staff, the state government must take action. The government should fix tenure of every jail official and transfer him after fixed tenure to break the official-inmates nexus\" said a senior information bureau officer.Interestingly, despite the tall claims of Punjab government to provide the required staff, shortage of women staffers has been contributing to increased supply of drugs inside jails.\"Many times, women prisoners conceal drugs in their bra and panties as they are aware that due to lack of women constables, no one will conduct a thorough search,\" says the report.Claiming that required steps are being taken to prevent supply of drugs inside of jails, Yadav said, \"After preparing the report, we have been thoroughly checking all possible entry routes of drugs inside jails.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15810931", "title": "Shakun Batra to direct a drama film for Karan Johar?", "text": "Shakun Batra , who made his debut as a director with Karan Johar's home production -- 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu' -- is all set to wield the megaphone again for a drama film.Earlier, Shakun started worked as an assistant director in films like ' Rock On', 'Jaane Tu..Ya Jaane Na'. For his debut he brought together the unusual pair of Kareena Kapoor and Imran Khan . The film produced by Dharma Productions was a hit.\"I have a three film contract with Dharma Productions. I would be making two-three films for them. I am toying with few ideas but nothing is concrete yet. I have two-three ideas that are something new and different,\" Shakun told PTI.\"It won't be like a romantic film. It won't be out-an-out romantic-comedy film. All the three ideas have one thing - drama, they deal with drama. They talk about day-to-day human things. All I can say is I am working towards the ideas that I have in my mind,\" he said.However Shakun clarifies that he is not going to make a heavy dose film, with social issues. \"Scripting takes 6-8 months, then finding actors. So my next film will happen only next year,\" he said. Presently, Shakun is busy working for a short film. \"Currently I am working with Karan on a short film. I can't talk about it. Next few months I will be occupied with this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15793882", "title": "Face yoga, a fun and painless way to keep wrinkles away", "text": "MELBOURNE: Ladies, you might want to give those expensive moisturisers and painful botox injections a miss as face yoga might be the simplest and fun way to get rid of wrinkles, experts claim.Like regular yoga, the moves in face yoga are named. The Marilyn, bumblebee or lion are all designed to turn back the ageing clock and reduce wrinkles.Women are increasingly turning to YouTube, books such as 'The Yoga Face' and now an iPhone application for fresher-looking faces, The Daily Telegraph reported.Josie Goldberg, a health nutritionist from the Gold Coast said that face yoga was a fun activity with great benefits. \"I tried it with a group of friends and it was great fun. We sat around in a circle pulling all these funny faces. It was hilarious,\" she said.\"We are always looking for the quick fix (solutions), which are often detrimental in the long term. Techniques like this and so many others are far more beneficial in the long run,\" she said.Author of 'The Yoga Face' Annilese Hagen has designed an app - ifaceyoga - which is helping people across the globe to turn back the clock. \"A lot of people do face yoga. Celebrities such as Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Aniston are advocates and anyone who likes to look good and be healthy and natural.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784483", "title": "Election Commission approves restoration of Congress MLAs membership", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress MLAs Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Kalpana Parulekar have formally got back their membership of the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha after the House first terminated their membership and later rolled back its decision during monsoon session last month.In a release, state electoral office said it has received orders from Election Commission of India (ECI), confirming restoration of membership of Choudhary Rakesh Singh from Bhind and Dr Parulekar from Mahidpur assembly constituencies.The state legislative assembly, during its monsoon session, had passed a resolution on July 18 terminating the membership of the opposition members for their \"unruly behaviour\" in the House. However, a special session was called on July 27 where the membership of Chaturvedi and Parulekar was restored. The assembly's decision was conveyed to the ECI, which has now formally approved it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15783023", "title": "'Construction should have panchayat approval'", "text": "MARGAO: Heated discussions over mega-projects in the village and various other issues dominated the proceedings of the Navelim gram sabha on Sunday. Alleging irregularities by builders of various construction projects in the village, the gram sabha adopted a resolution demanding that all construction projects approved by the panchayat but which do not have the required road access to the site be revoked immediately.Another resolution demanded the demolition of retaining walls constructed without having the necessary approvals from the authorities or those which have been built by encroaching upon other properties.Both the resolutions were proposed by Miguel Vaz.The issue of contamination of Salaulim water also figured at the gram sabha, and following a brief discussion, a resolution was passed demanding that the government ban all mining activities within the catchment area of the dam.The gram sabha also adopted a resolution demanding that the state government pursue the demand for a special status for Goa given that \"the state has limited land resources and Goans cannot afford land at high prices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15787125", "title": "Dengue sting gets more lethal", "text": "KOLKATA: Not only has it taken on an epidemic proportion in Salt Lake , dengue patients are taking a longer time to recover this time.Hospital figures reveal that those diagnosed with the disease are not showing signs of quick recovery. While it takes around four days for the fever to subside and about a week for the weakness to ebb, hundreds are still down with fever and high platelet count more than 10-12 days after admission. Some experts claimed that dengue has been more virulent this time, with about 10% of the patients being critical.At Apollo Gleneagles Hospital, which admitted more than 100 patients in August, around 40 are still under treatment. There are scores who are visiting the outpatient department for regular check-ups and yet others who have been refused admission and are reporting daily to doctors with their platelet count.\"We are admitting around 20 new patients every day. Since we can't admit everyone, we are taking in only those who have more severe symptoms. Patients with a dipping platelet count, low blood pressure, loose motion and extreme weakness are being favoured over the rest. Around 10% are critical,\" said Shyamashish Mukherjee, consultant at the hospital.Anandalok Hospital, which treated more than 100 dengue patients in August, has still got around 30. \"The recovery period seems to be longer this time. This is probably due to the additional symptoms that we have come across this season. Most patients are complaining of a splitting headache and loose motion, which is a little unusual. It's adding to the general weakness and delaying recovery,\" said Tarak Banerjee, medicine specialist at Anandalok.At Calcutta Heart Clinic and Hospital, which has treated 184 patients this month, the numbers are climbing down slowly. More than 40 are still under treatment. \"The symptoms have been more severe this time. Many have suffered from breathing trouble, diarrhoea and skin rashes. These are generally not associated with dengue. The typical symptoms are high fever, joint ache and weakness. It is delaying the recovery period which shouldn't be more than five days. The majority of our patients have taken nearly two weeks to recover fully,\" said Biplab Chandra of the hospital.An average dengue patient has fever for about 3 to 4 days. Often, their platelet count takes a plunge from the sixth day onwards. But it starts shooting up within the next 3 to 4 days. \"The whole process has been delayed this time. We have got cases where the platelet has started dipping from the eighth day. We had to wait for four to six days for it to start moving up again. It would be risky to release such patients, especially those who have got excruciating joint pain and breathlessness, too,\" said Chandra.An alteration in the genetic strain of the virus could be responsible for the more virulent form, said doctors. \"Strains change every year. It alters the symptoms but they basically remain the same. This year, it has been a little different,\" said Banerjee.An NRI admitted to a private hospital has been critical for the last five days. The patient has got 'dengue shock syndrome' and his organs have been affected. \"This is an extreme scenario. Severe cases eventually take a turn like this. But their numbers haven't been too high,\" said Shyamashish Mukherjee.But experts warned that once detected with the disease, patients should seek hospitalization, especially if the symptoms are severe. \"The impact could vary from one individual to another. While some could get away with fever and weakness, others are likely to have a platelet drop which needs monitoring. This time, we have had scores with low platelet. Not all require hospitalization, though, unless they have other complications,\" added Mukherjee.Even as private laboratories, clinics and hospitals struggled to handle blood sample tests, Sir Ronald Ross Memorial Centre at SSKM - one of the city's oldest diagnostic clinics - remained underutilized. \"We operate from 10 am to 3 pm. This isn't enough to cater to even half of those who visit us for tests. We have appealed to the health department to make the clinic function round the clock,\" said Ranen Dasgupta, secretary of the clinic. Dasgupta has written to the minister of state for health and the KMC.Meanwhile, the Bidhannagar Municipality has called a meeting to review the dengue situation on Monday. It has been decided to form a 50-member team that will visit around 40 homes every day. They will check if cleanliness is being maintained and if residents are taking adequate measures to check the spread of dengue.Symptoms of the more virulent dengue this yearSplitting headacheNauseabreathing troublediarrhoeaskin rashloose motionsudden blood pressure dropPatients are suffering a platelet drop around 6-8 days after having fever, which is unusually late.Usual symptoms:High feverJoint painweaknesslow platelet count", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "raidih (gumla)", "code": "15797130", "title": "Legal awareness camp held in Gumla dist", "text": "RAIDIH (GUMLA): A legal awareness camp on 'Protection of children and women' was organized on the premises of Raidih block office - 16 km off the district town of Gumla on Friday. Under the tutelage of the district legal services authority (DLSA), the camp aimed to make the rural mass aware of the basic legal provisions concerning issues tat are rampant in the region, like witchcraft which results in the gruesome killing of elderly and hapless persons, human trafficking and alcoholism.Presiding over the camp that was attended by an impressive number of participants, Gumla DLSA secretary O P Pande said the camp has been organized so that the people especially womenfolk understand the basics of various legal provisions which concern them.Para-legal aid clinic has been opened in 17 villages of the district and volunteers have been engaged in them, said Pande, \"It is a small effort to brief people about how they can avail DLSA schemes in legal fights. Pande also spoke on Domestic Violence Act and Right to Education Act too.Interestingly, the meet focused on the prevailing cases of witchcraft and sorcery, human trafficking and alcoholism in the district. He urged the participants to send girls to schools instead of sending them outside to work as domestic help.Other speakers advocate Bindeshwar Gop and social activist Balbhadra Sahu too spoke on ill-effects of the aforesaid social evils. Pamphlets and brochures of legal services were also distributed among the villagers by DLSA on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15811555", "title": "Modest Virat Kohli refuses comparison with Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sachin Tendulkar sees a shadow of himself in Virat Kohli but the young Indian batsman says he literally worships the iconic cricketer and matching his feats would be nothing short of \"mission impossible\" for him.Kohli is the fastest to score 1000 and then 3000 ODI runs and has been India's most prolific scorer this year with five centuries which led to many comparing him with Tendulkar.Tendulkar himself considers Kohli a worthy challenger to his incredible record of 100 international centuries.However, Kohli said there is no comparison between him and his idol.\"I feel really blessed when people start comparing me with Sachin, but I keep myself focused on my performance, and not on such comparisons. I literally worship him, so, I don't see too much in this comparison,\" Kohli said.\"No cricketer has been able to score one hundred centuries like Sachin. It will be a big achievement. I don't think at all about this, because it increases pressure on you. I keep myself focused on my performance,\" he said.About his selection as vice-captain, Kohli said, it was a pleasant surprise for him and refuted suggestions that he would be eventually replacing Mahendra Singh Dhoni as skipper.\"No, I don't think so. As captain, he has done a lot for Team India. I learnt a lot as a vice-captain,\" he said.The Delhi batsman disagreed with Sourav Ganguly , who felt that the selectors had taken an emotional decision by rushing Yuvraj Singh into international cricket after illness.Yuvraj, who has recovered from a rare germ cell cancer, has been included in Indian squad for the World Twenty20 beginning next month in Sri Lanka .\"I don't think it is an emotional decision. If he says he is confident and fit, then he should be given the chance. It should be a perfect comeback for him,\" Kohli said.\"The first match after comeback always makes one nervous. If he performs well in the World Cup, it will be a big boost for Team India. For us, the World Cup is an important tournament,\" he added.Talking about his aggressive attitude on the field, Kohli said it is part of his nature.\"I had this habit from childhood. I never liked being out, whether I am out on zero or I score a ton. I get angry. Occasionally, I shout abuses, but, of late, I am trying to control my aggression, so that my behaviour doesn't go over the top. I have broken too many bats in my childhood,\" he said.Kohli was also candid enough to admit that he got distracted after playing in the Indian Premier League for Royal Challengers Bangalore.\"Yes, there was a bit of distraction. We had just come from the Under-19 World Cup win. We were playing with foreign (star) players, I did not handle it (attention) well.\"I was even thrown out of the team but my coach advised me concentrate on the game and I got my focus back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15819704", "title": "Katie Holmes reinventing herself", "text": "One of the most talked about celebrity divorces came to an end last week when Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise reached an amicable settlement.Holmes has been seen travelling a lot in the past few weeks and now news comes in that the newly-single actress has splurged on a shopping spree to cheer herself up after intense media glare following the news of the divorce.Holmes reportedly treated herself to thousands of dollars worth of lingerie in an extravagant shopping spree following the breakdown of her five-year-old marriage.A source revealed, \"Katie treated herself to a lavish post-split shopping spree. She splurged on nearly $15,000 worth of sexy lingerie and undergarments alone. She also bought 15 pairs of expensive designer shoes and went crazy a department store, buying a closet's worth of clingy cocktail dresses and power suits to wear to auditions and meetings.\"And while she is revamping her wardrobe, the actress is also keen on reinventing her image in the industry. Sources close to the star say that she has also been conferring with various life coaches to get a new direction to go with her new look. \"She wants to show the world who she really is \u2014 a beautiful, confident and talented woman balancing single motherhood and a thriving career. Now she's ready to roar, and is interviewing life coaches to help de-program all the crap Tom filled her head with. Katie is willing to shell out whatever it takes to reclaim her fabulous looks and personality, and relaunch her career,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782553", "title": "Monsoon diseases kept away this season", "text": "NAGPUR: Rains in July and the first half of August did create havoc in many places in Nagpur division covering six districts of Bhandara, Chandrapur, Gondia, Gadchiorli, Nagpur and Wardha. However, the monsoon was mild as far as deaths due to monsoon-related diseases are concerned.Apart from Chandipura, which claimed the lives of 22 children, the biggest killer has been gastroenteritis, which took seven lives. The other big killers were infective hepatitis, which killed four, and malaria, which took two lives. Two meningitis deaths have also been reported from the area, taking the death toll from all diseases since May till mid-August to 15.Deputy director of health services (DDHS) Dr Manohar Pawar said that except gastroenteritis, which killed five people out of total 149 reported cases in the six districts, other monsoon related diseases did not kill anyone.The 22 deaths reported from rural areas in six districts due to Chandipura are actually not confirmed cases of the virus, but they had symptoms.As per data available from DDHS, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the two medical colleges in the city, maximum people were affected by gastroenteritis (1,226 cases), of which seven died. These included one death each in June and July at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) and five deaths in the region. There was one death each in Bhandara, Chandrapur and Nagpur districts, and two deaths in Gadchiroli district.Two malarial deaths were reported from Indira Gandhi Government Medical College out of 23 reported cases, which, draws patients from places outside Nagpur division also. Four patients of infective hepatitis have died at GMCH till now.Dr Arun Humne, medical superintendent of GMCH, said two deaths of gastro in the season is a very small number to be highlighted as deaths due to seasonal diseases. \"Of course, water borne infection of hepatitis did kill four people, but the number is not very alarming. We get patients from even neighbouring states. So, it is difficult to make any judgment about the intensity and incidence of monsoon diseases in particular,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15787645", "title": "Leaders urge Manmohan Singh to scrap Areva\u2019s contract for Jaitapur project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Politicians involved with the National Committee in Solidarity with Jaitapur Struggle have written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking cancellation of the contract with French company Areva for supplying nuclear reactors to the project.The letter, written by CPM general secretary Prakash Karat , senior leader Sitaram Yechury, CPI leaders AB Bardhan and D Raja, Lok Janshakti Party chief Ramvilas Paswan, JD (S) leader Danish Ali and Telugu Desam Party's Nama Nageshwara Rao, also expressed concern over the safety of Jaitapur nuclear plant.They pointed out that both the central government as well as Maharashtra had not paid attention to \"serious objections regarding the safety of the proposed Areva reactors and its costs raised by experts, parliamentarians, public figures and the local people\". It was unlikely that the Areva reactors would pass even an elementary test of techno-economic due diligence, they said.The committee said Jaitapur project was not subjected to an independent rigorous scientific techno-economic scrutiny and safety audit in the public domain and was being pushed against the will of the local people.\"The 'conditional' environmental clearance granted by the ministry of environment and forests in November 2010 is also based on an unscientific and deeply flawed Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) report,\" the letter said, adding that the agency hired to prepare the EIA was not competent to look into matters of nuclear hazards.Moreover, cost and tariff for the civilian nuclear power project in Jaitapur was not being revealed by the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited, the letter said.As for Areva's reactors, the leaders said the 1,650 MWe European Pressurized Reactor (EPR) was an untested design and had caused serious concerns among nuclear safety agencies of different countries. \"There are reliable reports that an internal audit of the French nuclear industry has criticized Areva and Electricity de France (EDF) for the undue complexity of EPR and that EDF itself may be planning to discontinue the EPR design,\" it said.The leaders also said there was significant cost and time over-runs for the Areva EPR reactors. The first two EPRs under construction in Finland and France were yet to be commissioned and had already been delayed by more than four years due to technical and safety issues. The EPR project at Penly in France has been put on hold. The letter also said Areva was in financial trouble with debt of $3.75 billion in June 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15788888", "title": "Andhra Pradesh cool to tiger tourism ban debate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hitting headlines and engaging environmentalists in unending debates is the Union ministry of environment &amp; forest's (MoEF) flip-flop over banning tourism in core areas of India's tiger reserves. But back home in Andhra Pradesh these goings-on have failed to even remotely perturb officials of the forest department who maintain that the ban has little or no relevance in the state. Incidentally, AP houses India's largest tiger reserve, the Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve (NSTR), which is spread over an area of 4,500 square kilometres. The tiger count here is pegged between 53 and 67 at present.The official indifference is largely rooted in the complete absence of tourism activity in and around NSTR. Barring two vehicles deployed for a mini safari from Farahabad into the forest, the tiger reserve has no other tourist packages on offer. But, following the SC ban, even this service has been suspended.The Mallela Theertham waterfall in the middle of dense growth, though still open to public, continues to register negligible footfall. The average annual count of tourists to these sites, maintained by local tribals under the state's community-based eco-tourism (CBET) programme, is just about 3,000-4,000.Miles away from the 'den', even the peripheral pocket of Mannanur (check-post located at the entrance to the forest) receives only a handful of tourists at the 10 government cottages available there. \"All of them are pilgrims either returning from or on their way to the Srisailam temple. A stop in the forest is just incidental,\" said Farida Tampal, state director of the World Wildlife Fund (WWF-India).While Tampal was for a ban on over-commercialisation of tiger reserves, she feels that a 'controlled-tourism' concept should be implemented to make people aware of AP's wildlife wealth. \"Camps and tours in the peripheral region might not be a bad idea. Right now, the NSTR is completely off the tourism radar,\" she added. The reserve's core area covers close to 3,500sqkm with a buffer zone of 1,100sqkm.Forest officials, however, aren't complaining. The missing tourists, they argue, help preserve the sanctity of NSTR. \"The tiger reserve has little scope for tourism owing to its rocky terrain. The probability of sighting tigers here is very low. Why would tourists want to come here?\" questioned Rahul Pandey, field director, NSTR.That such limited access to the forest deters revenue collection as well is a problem that does not seem to bother the department either. \"The government does not earn even a penny from this tiger reserve. Both Mallela Theertam and Mannanur are managed by locals under CBET. The revenue generated from these places is shared among them,\" Pandey said. That the collections are abysmally low, estimated to be at around Rs 15 lakh per year, is another story.But while the state government department, irrespective of the interim ban, insists that it has no plans to boost tourism in NSTR, some environmentalists seem to believe otherwise. They say that forest officials had been engaged in drawing up an eco-tourism project within the reserve's core area prior to the SC ruling. \"The project has obviously been stalled now. But depending upon the court's final verdict, it might resurface again,\" the wildlife expert said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "arambol", "code": "15783010", "title": "Gutters and water, plastic and garbage rile villagers", "text": "Arambol: Issues pertaining to garbage disposal, construction of gutters, drinking water and plastic menace dominated proceedings of the Arambol panchayat on Sunday.Replying to the issue of inadequate garbage disposal facilities raised by Tony D'Mello, the sarpanch Herculine Rodrigues, who chaired the gram sabha, informed that the problem would be solved within this month stating that action would be taken against those who throw garbage at the Arambol junction road and the Arambol tinto.D'Mello also brought to the notice of the panchayat that garbage thrown along the main road may pose serious threat to the locals as foul smell emanates from there.One of the villagers Sadashiv Vast asked the panchayat about construction of a gutter from Harijanwada to Devulwada. The sarpanch promised that the construction work would be undertaken within short span of time. Earlier, secretary Dasharath Parab read out the report of the previous meeting while member Dwarkanath Naik proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795777", "title": "JEE-Advanced paper to have multiple-choice questions", "text": "A decision on the format of the IIT's joint entrance examination (JEE)-Advanced has been made. The joint admission board (JAB) of IITs has decided that the JEE-Advanced paper will have only multiple-choice questions (MCQs).According to RK Shevgaonkar, director, IIT-Delhi, the decision of sticking to only MCQs in JEE-Advanced had to be taken because students will not get enough time to prepare for a new format at this point. But, the new format of IIT-JEE will remain valid for the 2013 exam, to be held on June 2, and may change in the near future.He says, \"Even though the paper will be objective-type , it may still have questions involving calculations. I feel that JEE-Advanced should be of subjective-type as it allows us to comprehend the thinking pattern of a student. For example, while an answer in a subjective-type format may be incorrect, the method in which it has been solved would enable us to understand whether the student has solved it analytically or not. There is no way to know this in an MCQ format.\"As per the notification, the top 1.5 lakh candidates from the JEEMain exam will be eligible to appear for the JEE-Advanced. Students who qualify in the JEE-Advanced exam and fall in the top 20 percentile of the successful candidates in their respective board results will then be eligible for admission to IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "15794781", "title": "Family celebrates Delhi boy's success", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: \"India versus Australia U-19 World Cup final will be screened on a big screen in the basement on Sunday from 4.45 am,\" read a notice in Unmukt Chand's East Delhi apartment. However, the big screen down in the basement didn't work and the crowd thronged into the U-19 skipper's apartment instead! Needless to say, the complex erupted once the rising star won it for India.Amid the noise of dhols in the park, proud parents Bharat Chand Thakur and Rajeshwari Chand knew they were in for a long afternoon once the media started trickling in. Naturally, Bharat Chand \u2014 a school teacher by profession \u2014 couldn't control his emotions.\"When we introduced him to cricket, we never thought about Ranji or India U-19 . We never had a lot of money. Academics were must for Unmukt but at the same time I always wanted him to have a hobby. I sent him for music classes at the age of six. He must have broken something, for somebody there told me has good skills in throwing and batting instead, Bharat told TOI.Meanwhile in Mumbai, the man responsible for the making of India's latest World Cup-winning captain, paternal uncle Sunder Singh Thakur, too was over the moon. For Unmukt, Thakur \u2014 a journalist by profession \u2014 is more than family: he is mentor philosopher, guide and best friend Needless to say, there was a big party at his residence.Three months back, Unmukt began writing a book titled My Journey To The World Cup. \"It would have 10 chapters and four are already through. He has worked very hard on this book staying awake till 2 am in the night. Last night, he called me and asked what would happen if India lost the final. 'My book will remain incomplete,' he told me, said Thakur.\"He was just four when he started playing cricket. He is very hard working. For the past seven eight years, he has practiced seven-eight hours a day. Kids his age go to the pubs, but he has no distractions for him.\"When the team went partying in Australia after the semifinal, Unmukt chose to stay back in his hotel room. He meditates every day for a couple of hours.\"In Delhi's junior cricket circles, he is known as chhota (junior) Sehwag. He is a big-match player. The bigger the occasion the better he bats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15784625", "title": "LeT operative planted bomb on train, goofed up on timing", "text": "MUMBAI: Arrested LeT operative Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has disclosed that he made the bomb that was planted in Karnavati Express in February 2006. The bomb was supposed to go off when the train was at Mumbai Central station. But Jundal made a mistake while setting the bomb's timer and it went off at Ahmedabad railway station. Twenty-five people were injured in the explosion on February 19.The bomb was supposed to go off at 12 noon but the timer was set for 12pm. \"We had planned for the bomb to go off at Mumbai Central but that did not happen. Instead, the train reached Ahmedabad and the bomb exploded when it was going to a railway yard,\" Jundal is believed to have told his interrogators.Jundal was imparted training in assembling bombs by LeT commander Abu Hamza at a training camp in Nepal in December 2005. Jundal told police he had to carry out this strike within two months of his training and did not get a chance to conduct a trial, resulting in the mistake. Jundal further told police he was in touch with his Pakistani handlers much before the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. \"He would chat with his handlers through the internet. He learnt to operate computer in a cyber cafe. An arrested accused of the Pune German Bakery blast case, Mirza Himayat Baig, was also in touch with Pakistani handlers through the internet,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15794759", "title": "Industrialists oppose proposed hike in power tariff", "text": "KANPUR: Even before the power tariff could be increased, the people of the city, particularly industrialists, have started opposing it. Provincial Industries Association (PIA) had opposed the proposed enhancement in power tariff and claimed that there is no reason to do so.The UP Power Regulatory Commission had hinted to increase power tariff on Saturday. The proposed hike would be done for commercial users, small and medium industries, private institutions etc. The domestic power tariff would remain unchanged.On Saturday, a public hearing on power tariff was held at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, where president of Uttar Pradesh Power Regulatory Commission Rajesh Awasthi was present. It was proposed to hike tariff, except in domestic use. The industrialists have opposed it.PIA state general secretary Atul Seth stated in a memorandum to the president, UP Power regulatory commission that records clearly indicate that minimum power loss was in industrial areas and Dadanagar industrial belt of Kanpur was on top. Total line loss in Dadanagar was just 5.9 per cent. It shows that entrepreneurs were paying their share honestly, he said.He further said that in the year 2009 it was decided that Kesco would be hand over to Torrent Power Limited but that was not implemented. Due to stalemate, Kesco was not maintaining proper supply. A quick decision is required to be taken.Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) had proposed 40% increase in power tariff. This proposal had been handed over to Uttar Pradesh Power Regulatory Commission. The proposal document read that power tariff should be increased in all the segments, leaving the domestic customers. According to UPPCL and the Regulatory Commission, power tariff may be increased from October 1. It would help UPPCL in increasing its revenue but the fact is that the state requires more generation of power as the major part of the state is reeling under crisis. At times to maintain grid frequency, power-cuts are being done at odd hours and for long time. If the entire city plunges into darkness, UPPCL saves over 400 megawatts of power.The people, especially industrialists are of a view that proper power supply be given to industrial city before hiking the tariff.The industralists rued that the city had to face power cuts for 10 hours each day during the peak summer season and despite complaints nothing was done by the Kesco staff. This led to closure of industries for a long time, affecting production as well. Therefore, tariff should not be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779511", "title": "Rail passenger flow up by 7%", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Air traffic from Ahmedabad fell by nearly 10 per cent in the past four months. However, airlines' loss proved to be a gain for the railways. The railway traffic grew up by seven per cent in this financial year.Sources in the Western Railway (WR) said that during the financial year 2011-12, on an average 52,500 passengers boarded trains from Ahmedabad daily. The railway traffic in the first four months of this financial year 2012-13 has increased to 56,412 passengers per day - an increase of 7.5 per cent.\"If we look at the trends the demand for the third and second AC for Mumbai and Delhi and even shorter distance was more. Even the demand for tatkal tickets for these classes were more than that of the sleeper class,\" said a WR official.WR officials said the railway has recently added one AC three-tier coach each in five trains on permanent basis for the passengers' convenience. Of these five trains, two trains - Gujarat mail and Duronto - are from Ahmedabad to Mumbai. Both these train leave Ahmedabad late in the night. Officials claimed that despite adding these coaches the waiting list has not come down. They said that the night trains for Mumbai were more in demand. \"It is only because the person can reach Mumbai early in the morning and return to Ahmedabad by the same train and after finishing his work that these trains have become so popular,\" said the official. He said Duronto was now a daily train.\"There has been an increase of about 8 to 10 per cent in the passenger traffic as compared to previous years. And this was only because the passengers travelling by air were shifting to railways,\" said Jitendra Kumar Jayant, public relation officer, WR Ahmedabad division.Dinesh Mehta, an industrialist from Vatva said, \"I travel to Mumbai and Delhi frequently. Earlier, I use to travel by air. However, when I once travelled by train I found it to be very convenient, financially and otherwise. Since I've started travelling by train, no one in my staff demand air travel. This has saved no less than Rs 50,000 per month on the travel expenses.\"Echoes Jigna Shah, who works in a multinational: \"As part of the cost cutting, my company has banned air travel. \"I once travelled by Duronto and returned on the same train. I found it much comfortable than flight and now I prefer to travel by train only. I park my car at the station and take it back on return.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795389", "title": "It\u2019s a wild world", "text": "As people get more adventurous to try out new destinations and recreation, there is a growing need for trained professionals in adventure tourism, writes Poonam Jain .Adventure tourism was introduced in India way back in 1902. \"The British established the first golf course and ski-ring in Gulmarg ,\" says Sandeep Kulshreshtha , chairman-academics, Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management, Gwalior. And the country has traversed a long way since then. Adventure tourism in India is on an upswing. According to Tejbir Singh Anand, president, Adventure Tour Operators Association of India, the annual growth of adventure tourism is 15 to 20% and projected to be more or less the same for the next 10 years. The industry has seen a steady growth because travellers and tourists are becoming more adventurous and they do not mind paying for the experience , he adds.Adventure tourism can be broadly classified into four areas: air, land, aquatic and mountains. Gour Kanjilal, executive director, Indian Association of Tour Operators, says: \"Adventure tourism includes wildlife, angling, car rallies, biking, spiritual tourism, volunteer tourism, and even culture and rural tourism.\"Zip lines, snorkelling, scuba-diving , coracle rides, kayaking, white water rafting, parasailing, rappelling, jummering , water trampoline, water scooters and many such sports constitute adventure tourism as well. Anur Reddy, managing director, Jungle Lodges &amp; Resorts, adds: \"As people get more adventurous to try out new destinations and recreation , there is a growing need for qualified adventure instructors.\"Adventure tourism in India has a lot of potential as the country has a variety of terrain, challenging environment, culture and traditions, rural backdrops, languages , so travellers want more than simply a guided tour. \"The age group of 18 to 45 years is activity-oriented ; in addition , a lot more people are travelling on their own,\" says Kanjilal.Different pathsThere is a lack of trained professionals and at the same time several job options are open as the industry grows. Madhava Reddy, managing director, Planet Scuba India, Bangalore, says: \"With scrapping of customs duty for water sports equipment in 2009, instructors can avail of quality equipment. In fact, after three-five years of experience, we pay our scuba diving instructors up to Rs 1 lakh per month.\"There is a need for instructors for river rafting as well. Sky-diving and hot-air ballooning in India remains largely unexplored due to high investment. Spelunking or cave exploration is another area to consider. \"In fact, enterprising youth could consider setting up adventure tourism companies and employ local youths as this helps them preserve their culture and provides employment,\" says Kanjilal.Tourism always has an impact on remote places and on small hill communities. \"We try and give something back to the region we travel in, alongside maintaining culturally and environmentally sensitive guidelines for our staff and guests,\" says entrepreneur Vaibhav Kala, who launched Aquaterra Adventures in 1995.On the skill-sets required, Kala recommends some level of exposure to the outdoors to indicate an interest. Most importantly, however , is a passion for the outdoors to sustain you on the job. \"It's not easy to lug rafts in the sun and spend so much time outdoors away from home and its luxuries .\" Also personal skills, as it's a people industry and you have to spend a lot of time in remote areas with different personalities , taking care of the guests. \"It is not a regular career, you have to have an appetite for risk and love the outdoors,\" he adds.Besides, a person wanting to pursue adventure tourism as a career needs to maintain a fine balance between customer expectations and safety standards . According to Vandit Kalia, scuba diving instructor and founder of Dive India in Havelock, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, \"a person wanting to be a scuba diving instructor needs at least six months of training and of course a passion for diving. An interest in marine ecology, underwater caves, etc, is an added advantage.\" A diving instructor course costs around Rs 2 lakhs for six months.National Outdoor Leadership School (NOLS) helps youngsters pursue a career in the outdoors. \"If one has to pursue outdoors as a career, then the best course to sign up for is the Outdoor Educator Semester - duration 90 days; the ones relevant to India are Trip Leader India - duration 21 days in the Indian Himalayas, and Wilderness First Responder - 80-hour 10-day first aid course,\" says Ravi Kumar, director, NOLS India.Extended wilderness experience provides some of the tools required to be a strong leader. However, Kumar feels that \"we are past the stage of merely seeking smart leaders. What we need are leaders who have a strong moral code, a strong sense of ethics and value system to navigate the challenges they would face.\"Adventure tourism, it seems, is more than simply building a fun holiday package; it is also about building character.Institute watchNational Institute of Watersports , PanjimJawahar Institute of Mountaineering, PahalgamHigh Altitude Warfare School, GulmargNational Outdoor Leadership School (NOLS), RanikhetIndian Institute of Skiing &amp; Mountaineering, GulmargWestern Himalaya Mountaineering Centre, Manali", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15789324", "title": "Disabled girl raped by neighbour in West Wengal", "text": "KOLKATA: A hearing-and-speech-impaired girl was allegedly raped by a youth in Baruipur's Sahapara last week. The girl's father lodged a complaint on Sunday leading to the arrest of the accused Budhadeb Koyal. Koyal was produced in the court on Sunday.According to police, the 16-year-old girl was allegedly raped when her parents were away. She was with her younger sister, when Koyal allegedly entered the house and committed the crime. Though the girl didn't narrate this immediately, her parents grew suspicious after noticing changes in her behaviour. Koyal was staying as a tenant in a neighbouring house. The girl has been sent for a medical check-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15785236", "title": "Teach India batch passes out with flying colours", "text": "MUMBAI: They started their journey with a dream and are now at the finish line, waiting to conquer the world. Meet the 900-odd learners of the third batch of Teach India, who graduated last week having mastered one very important skill: to converse confidently in English.\"The aim of the project is to touch the lives of those who lack confidence and conversational skills and therefore end up in jobs they don't like. After graduation, our learners feel confident about being one step closer to their dreams,\" said Anita Nair, a teacher by profession and a volunteer with Teach India since its inception in Mumbai.Ninety-two batches were conducted by 230-odd volunteers in April, May, June and July this year and a little over 900 learners got certificates.The Times Group launched Teach India as an initiative to teach spoken English to underprivileged youth. The British Council was brought on board to design a curriculum which would be engaging and relevant to learners, keeping in mind that a majority would be from disadvantaged backgrounds where education is not a priority, and train volunteers and teachers. The curriculum was designed with the present language levels of the target segment and spoken English requirements of potential employers in mind. \"Teach India is a platform to spread this movement far and wide and our ultimate aim is to have our learners employed in respectable jobs,\" said Sanjiv Kaura, CEO, CSR division, The Times of India.Each volunteer undergoes training after signing up for three-and-a-half months of work (two hours a day, three days a week) and two volunteers handle one batch of learners. Volunteers go through seven days of compulsory British Council training too.\"The training and learning process is a lot of fun and the emphasis is mostly on fluency, not literacy. There are basic written tests and the homework assigned to the learners is simple, something that can be finished in 15 minutes,\" a volunteer said. Learners are taught seven modules altogether, the last of which focuses totally on interview preparation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kadapa", "code": "15789885", "title": "Minor girl raped by relative", "text": "KADAPA: A five-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her 25-year-old kin at Almaspet on Sunday. The accused, Nagulu, lured the girl with a promise to buy her a chocolate and took her to a farmland where he raped her.When the young girl told her mother about it, the girl's relatives caught hold of the accused, tied him to a tree and thrashed him before handing him over to police. Sources said when Jayamma, a widow, came back home, she was shocked to see her daughter's plight. Jayamma works as a house maid and has four children. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15814713", "title": "We learn new things even while sleeping", "text": "A new Weizmann Institute study has found that if certain odors are presented after tones during sleep, people will start sniffing when they hear the tones alone - even when no odor is present - both during sleep and, later, when awake .This indicates that people can learn new information while they sleep, and this can unconsciously modify their waking behaviour.Sleep-learning experiments are notoriously difficult to conduct. For one thing, one must be sure that the subjects are actually asleep and stay that way during the \"lessons.\"The most rigorous trials of verbal sleep learning have failed to show any new knowledge taking root. While more and more research has demonstrated the importance of sleep for learning and memory consolidation, none had managed to show actual learning of new information taking place in an adult brain during sleep.Prof. Noam Sobel and research student Anat Arzi, together with Sobel's group in the Institute's Neurobiology Department in collaboration with researchers from Loewenstein Hospital and the Academic College of Tel Aviv - Jaffa, chose to experiment with a type of conditioning that involves exposing subjects to a tone followed by an odor, so that they soon exhibit a similar response to the tone as they would to the odor.The pairing of tones and odors presented several advantages. Neither wakes the sleeper (in fact, certain odors can promote sound sleep), yet the brain processes them and even reacts during slumber. Moreover, the sense of smell holds a unique non-verbal measure that can be observed - namely sniffing.The researchers found that, in the case of smelling, the sleeping brain acts much as it does when awake: We inhale deeply when we smell a pleasant aroma but stop our inhalation short when assaulted by a bad smell. This variation in sniffing could be recorded whether the subjects were asleep or awake. Finally, this type of conditioning, while it may appear to be quite simple, is associated with some higher brain areas - including the hippocampus, which is involved in memory formation.In the experiments, the subjects slept in a special lab while their sleep state was continuously monitored. As they slept, a tone was played, followed by an odor - either pleasant or unpleasant. Then another tone was played, followed by an odor at the opposite end of the pleasantness scale. Over the course of the night, the associations were partially reinforced, so that the subject was exposed to just the tones as well. The sleeping volunteers reacted to the tones alone as if the associated odor were still present - by either sniffing deeply or taking shallow breaths.The next day, the now awake subjects again heard the tones alone - with no accompanying odor. Although they had no conscious recollection of listening to them during the night, their breathing patterns told a different story. When exposed to tones that had been paired with pleasant odors, they sniffed deeply, while the second tones - those associated with bad smells - provoked short, shallow sniffs.The team then asked whether this type of learning is tied to a particular phase of sleep. In a second experiment, they divided the sleep cycles into rapid eye movement (REM) and non-REM sleep, and then induced the conditioning during only one phase or the other.Surprisingly, they found that the learned response was more pronounced during the REM phase, but the transfer of the association from sleep to waking was evident only when learning took place during the non-REM phase.Sobel and Arzi suggest that during REM sleep we may be more open to influence from the stimuli in our surroundings, but so-called \"dream amnesia\" - which makes us forget most of our dreams - may operate on any conditioning occurring in that stage of sleep. In contrast, non-REM sleep is the phase that is important for memory consolidation, so it might also play a role in this form of sleep-learning.Although Sobel's lab studies the sense of smell, Arzi intends to continue investigating brain processing in altered states of consciousness such as sleep and coma.\"Now that we know that some kind of sleep learning is possible, we want to find where the limits lie - what information can be learned during sleep and what information cannot,\" said Arzi.The study appeared in Nature Neuroscience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796152", "title": "Soon, citizens too can win road contracts on cards", "text": "PUNE: Now individuals, builders or social organizations, too, can enter road construction business, even if they are not registered as official contractors with the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC). The PMC will construct 66 km roads worth Rs 940 crores in the city through public-private partnership (PPP) in which the common man can participate as a contractor.\"Nearly 42 roads in the city will be developed through the PPP model. Individuals, builders and social organizations can participate in the tender process. The only condition is that they must have a registered contractor accompanying them as the bidder. If one fulfils all the requirements in the tender, and if one is the lowest bidder, then he will get a chance to construct the road,\" a source in road department said requesting anonymity.Department officials said the tender system will be the same as in normal processes, but the payment system is different. The PMC will not make any direct cash or cheque payments in PPP. The payment for the contractors or developer who is developing the road will be made through \"credit notes.\"The developer or contractor who participates in the road construction process can earn the credit notes according to the payments of road works made by him. He can use this credit notes while paying the \"premier for building construction works which he has planned to carry out in future. The amount of the credit note will be reduced from the amount of premier. So there is no direct burden on the PMC.The officials said the administration is also working on other different models of payment, such as deferred payment system, annuity and installment payment.With PPP, the civic administration hopes to speed up the road works. It will also expand the road network available for citizens. Roads in Balewadi and Kharadi areas have been developed through such models. The proposed roads in the new model are expected to come up in Hapadsar, Mundhwa, Kondhwa, Ambegaon, Pashan, Bawdhan, Sinhagad road and Baner.Pramod Nirbhavane, head of the road department of PMC, said, \"A policy decision is awaited. After the decision, the proposal will go to all party leaders' committee and then to the standing committee After all the necessary approvals, the works of constructing the roads on PPP models will start,\" Nirbhavane told TOI on Saturday.Raising questions about the PPP model, Congress corporator Aba Bagul said the civic administration should give priority to the ring road, \"If the ring road is developed, then it will reduce city's traffic load. A small population will use the roads proposed in the new model as compared to the ring road,\" he said in a letter to the civic administration.Bagul said PMC should use TDR, instead of credit notes, for the payment. It will be more beneficial for the people as well as the municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15808215", "title": "Kareena\u2019s birthday surprise for Madhur", "text": "Director Madhur Bhandarkar is known to be a very private person when it comes to his birthday. But this year actress Kareena Kapoor decided to celebrate his birthday in her style.On Sunday, while dubbing for the upcoming film Heroine , Kareena surprised Madhur with a birthday cake and invited all the crew of the film to wish the director on his special day.Madhur was pleasantly surprised! \"I am either working or out on a family trip on my birthday. It was very sweet of Bebo to give me this birthday surprise,\" said Madhur.What is interesting to note is that the first day of the shoot of the film Heroine began with actor Arjun Rampal's birthday, it was Madhur's birthday on Sunday and the film will release on Kareena's birthday.Coincidence or a perfect match this team! UTV Motion Pictures and Bhandarkar Production's Heroine will release on 21st September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15781677", "title": "Man wins Rs 4.5L payout from builder for flat he never got", "text": "MUMBAI: A city-based builder will have to pay Rs 4.5 lakh compensation to a Kandivli resident who had purchased a 640 sq ft flat in the former's building project but never received possession. Ankur Realty Pvt Ltd will also have to return the complainant, Ritesh Bhimani, the Rs 8 lakh he paid for the flat.Holding the builder guilty for deficiency in service and looking at the rising realty prices, a district forum ordered that Bhimani should also be given 18% interest on Rs 8 lakh, from 2009. This amounts to Rs 4.32 lakh. He will also get Rs 15,000 as costs of the complaint, bringing the compensation sum to around Rs 4.5 lakh.Bhimani had booked the flat\u2014valued at Rs 49.81 lakh\u2014in the builder's project in 2009. He then paid the initial amount of Rs 8 lakh. On October 16, 2009, the builder handed over the flat related documents to Bhimani. But the builder failed to complete formalities and hand over possession of the flat. Bhimani then decided to terminate the contract and sought a refund. While the builder gave a cheque to Bhimani, due to insufficient funds in the builder's bank account, the cheque bounced.On November 30, 2010, the Bhimani sent the builder a legal notice, asking him to either hand over the flat or return the money with interest. However, the builder did not pay heed to the notice. Alleging unfair trade practice, Bhimani filed the complaint in the Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on June 16, 2011.Following the complaint, the forum sent a notice to the builder. But he did not appear before it and an order was passed ex-parte. Bhimani submitted documents, including a copy of the cheque and the letter sent by the bank after it bounced.He also presented the notice sent to the builder and the documents through which the contract was terminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790365", "title": "Step up efforts to stop child trafficking: State to government departments", "text": "JAIPUR: After raising the age limit of child labour from 14 to 18 years, the state government has issued separate directions to various government departments to step up efforts to stop child trafficking.Child trafficking is a serious issue in the state as it is not only a source of child labour (as children cross border to enter Gujarat to work), but it is also a destination for child labour as a large number of children from West Bengal , Bihar , Uttar Pradesh, Delhi and Jharkhand come to Rajasthan for work.The state government directed police to identify middlemen who not only employ children in state but also send them to other states to work. In the notification issued by chief secretary CK Mathew on Tuesday, he directed the police to follow the guidelines issued by director general of police on child labour in April. In the guidelines, the DGP had mentioned, \"Whenever, it comes to notice to the police that a person employs a child, complaint should be registered against that person under Juvenile Justice Act. Also, rescued children should be interviewed politely so that they could give names of middlemen and employers who employ them for work.\"The chief secretary directed the labour department to conduct a survey on regular basis to find out child labour at work sites. On finding child labour, they will be rescued within 24 hours with the help of police and child welfare committee. Also, instructions have been issued for child welfare committee to admit the rescued children to children homes.Moreover, the children who are involved in beggary would be identified by the NGOs and they will be admitted to residential schools. Also, the district administration would make arrangements for food and accommodation for those rescued child labourers whose financial and social conditions are appalling. The district administration in cooperation with education department would ensure that rescued child labourers get admission in schools. For admission in the schools, these children will not require any kind of age proof or other documents. The district administration would give a 'rescued child' certificate to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815972", "title": "Robert Pattinson spending millions on makeover", "text": "Robert Pattinson has reportedly begun a million dollar drive to style up his image as a singleton.The Twilight star is working on a six-month image overhaul that he hopes will completely transform his appearance.The reason for Robert's reported desire to change the way he looks stems from his girlfriend Kristen Stewart's affair with married director Rupert Sanders.The actor wants to look and feel different as he starts life as a single man and reportedly hopes his improved image will make Kristen regret straying.\"Rob wants to show Kristen what she's thrown away,\" News.com.au quoted an insider as telling to Look magazine.\"He's spent a fortune in the past two weeks on his hair, teeth whitening and a spray tan. He's bought an array of Gucci suits , which cost 2,000 pounds a pop and he's stepping up his exercise regime with trainer Tamsyn Hamilton to get in shape,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782412", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal and team prove they are still a potent force", "text": "NEW DELHI: Erstwhile Team Anna's first major venture after it announced plans to plunge into electoral politics, aided by unconventional methods and guerilla tactics, passed the test with aplomb. Not only did India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers succeed in laying siege in the heart of Delhi's high security zone for several hours on Sunday morning but also reaffirmed their ability to tap into popular dissatisfaction against the existing political establishment.While social activist Anna Hazare issued a statement of support hours after the protest-gherao plan was underway, the only jarring note was the absence of one of the founding members of the movement \u2014 Kiran Bedi \u2014 who had publicly disagreed with the idea of targeting BJP president Nitin Gadkari .The activists are demanding resignations of PM Manmohan Singh and Gadkari and the cancellation of all coal licences following the CAG report that estimated a loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to the public exchequer.What the activists lacked in numbers vis-a-vis the authorities, they made up in guerilla tactics, helped in no small measure by the establishment itself. The activists led by Arvind Kejriwal reached the residences of PM Manmohan Singh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Gadkari three hours before schedule, setting the pace for a manic nine hours for a harried Delhi Police that never quite got its grip on the situation.Through the day, activists, in twos and threes, dodged police personnel and barricades, to jump walls at South Block, squat on Parliament Street, Ashok Road, Akbar Road, 10 Janpath, 7 Race Course Road and other high security areas. They wore Anna T-shirts inside out, hid flags and banners under their clothes, punctured tyres of buses designated to ferry them away as hapless police personnel looked on in surprise. The absence of women police personnel at South Block led to a delay in getting a handful of women activists out of the restricted areas outside PMO.In fact, after detaining Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai, Sanjay Singh, Kumar Vishwas and a volunteer called Gopal by 8 am, the police was complacent enough to revise its advisory and open the six Metro stations it had ordered shut two days earlier. Courting arrest in the morning turned out to be just a diversion to the real action that started around 1 pm as crowds trickled in at Jantar Mantar. Eventually, the police had to use water cannons and tear gas and even resort to lathi-charge in some places when volunteers just refused to disperse.Kejriwal, who was detained along with Prashant Bhushan, Sisodia and Vishwas from various places, said, \"Our intention was to show the nation how BJP and Congress were hand-in-glove over the coal allocation issue. We have done our job, it is time we should go back.\"The march was stopped at Janpath, Akbar Road and Tughlaq Road but as the protesters tried to jump over the barricades to proceed, police warned them and later resorted to water canons and teargas shells.Addressing supporters at Jantar Mantar earlier, Kejriwal said, \"When the ruler is afraid of its subjects, it means that democracy is dead. What wrong are we doing? We are just sitting quietly on the footpath. At least we should be told why we are being detained.''He added, \"When Raj Thackeray takes thousands of his supporters without permission for a protest, police provide protection. What kind of politics is this? We are being told that we are a threat to public peace.''Similar protests were organized by IAC volunteers in Mumbai, Bhopal and Bhubaneswar. There were reports of police violence against volunteers in Bhopal with Kejriwal tweeting his support for those arrested. He indicated that he would sit on dharna outside MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan's residence on Tuesday to court arrest. \"Is there any difference between UPA in the Centre and BJP in MP? Same character, same arrogance of power, same corruption and same oppression,'' he said.Sunday's agitation indicated that while the verdict may be out on whether erstwhile Team Anna is successful in recasting itself into a credible political alternative, the group has not lost its spunk and its ability to improvise on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15780870", "title": "State a hotbed of fake currency?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fake currency note racket recently busted by the crime branch is spread much deeper into Gujarat than it seems. Investigators have found large number of phone numbers of Gujarat from the mobile phone call details of the key accused who is now in Kolkata.Crime branch officials probing the case believe that this evidence points towards the fact that the racketeers have been active in the state since several years. \"The sheer number of mobile phones registered in Gujarat found in the call details of just one accused proves that this is no overnight operation. They have penetrated deeply in various parts of the state and may have supplied fake currency notes to others too,\" said a senior crime branch official.On Thursday last, crime branch had nabbed a marble and granite trader from Himmatnagar, Ramesh Patel and seized Rs 29,000 worth counterfeit notes from him.The paper used to make these notes is the same grade as is used by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its printing presses in India.\"This type of paper is usually sourced from Pakistan and the accuracy achieved in putting in the watermarks proves that those involved are professionals operating from across the border,\" said an official.Cops believe that all the fake currencies found in Ahmedabad's banks have been routed through the same channel that runs via West Bengal.A source in city crime branch said, \"We have compared the notes seized from Ramesh with those submitted to us by the banks during the last two years. The high-quality currency notes are exactly the same.\" Every month, the Special Operations Group (SOG) of Ahmedabad gets a fairly-large consignment of fake notes that have been deposited in various banks in the city. The scope of transactions can be gauged from the fact that in the last two years Rs 50 lakh worth of fake notes have been submitted to SOG.The cops are now busy cross-referencing the Gujarat mobile numbers found of the accused's call details.\"We are first going to round up people connected to this man and question them. We are now working simultaneously on a two-pronged probe - first to unearth the Gujarat module of this inter-state fake note racket simultaneously and second is to track the masterminds of this racket who seem to be operating from West Bengal ,\" a crime branch official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782974", "title": "Barred from exam: HC asks Centre, IGNOU to respond to students\u2019 plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has sought the Centre's reply to the plea of students from a private institute stating that they are not being allowed to take IGNOU's annual examination for its two-year MSc course in Clinical Trial.Justice G S Sistani issued notices also to the Indira Gandhi National Open University vice chancellor and to the managing director of Okhla-based Institute of Clinical Research India (ICRI) on the plea of the students. \"Issue notice to showcause to the respondents (Centre, IGNOU VC and the ICRI managing director) as to why the petition be not admitted,\" said the court, while slating the matter for hearing on September 7.The petition had been filed by 18 students, who said they had got themselves enrolled in the two-year MSc (Clinical Trial) course with ICRI after paying Rs 1.25 lakh each last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15797697", "title": "Party not to withdraw support: Hemant Soren", "text": "BOKARO: Despite its leaders expressed resentment over the functioning of the government, the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) on Sunday announced to continue its support to the government.The party, after its central committee meeting here, said it would fight the coming parliamentary and assembly elections alone. It has asked its party leaders to begin preparation for the election. Deputy chief minister, Hemant Soren will visit all the districts to strengthen party network and motivate cadres at grass root levels .\"Yes, our party members have criticized the functioning of the government in the meeting but it doesn't mean that they have revolted against the party. The senior leaders of the party have taken the matter seriously and working out in this regard. We are not going to withdraw support from the government and push the state to mid-term election. We will try to improve the condition,\" said Hemant briefing mediapersons about the meeting here. tnnHe also added that JMM has not entered into any commitment over formation of government on 28 months rotation basis with its allied partners BJP and AJSU. \"In a simple word we are not going to disturb the government,\" said Hemant.JMM leaders and members on the occasion wore silver crown to party chief, Shibu Soren and garlanded him with 100 kg flowers. However unlike other previous meetings Soren not delivered long speech and left the mike saying that \"with time changes the people also changed. We have not come learning politics, nor did anyone teach us, it is society which teaches us. So work for society and strengthen party\". He refrained talking to mediapersons.JMM has also decided to intensify movement in building of Greater Jharkhand by including districts of West Bengal , Orissa to the state. \"Greater Jharkhand is a dream of JMM and we will work seriously to achieve our dream\". Hemant in his speech asked party members to get prepared for elections and strengthen party network at root levels. He moreover talks about changes taking place related entry of youth members in the party. He said that now the time has came when new generation should be given responsibility in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "15793060", "title": "Now, a website that tracks students' academic progress", "text": "MANIPAL: Manipal University is all set to launch a website that will provide attendance, fees and other details of over 20,000 students studying on its camps.The facility mainly caters to students who come from other states and countries. Each student and their parents will be given a username and password to log on to the website. Parents can visit the website to know activities and academic progress of their wards on the campus.MU network administrator Sathish Kamath told TOI that website would be launched within a month.\"Earlier, the varsity used to mail students' attendance and other details to parents. The new website will give more visibility about their activities in institutions to parents. Details of hostel fees paid and dues, and internal and external marks obtained in exams will also be available on the website,\" he added.\"It is a good move by MU. Parents who stay away from their wards will always be worried about their children. The website will ease their tension. Some students get distracted in Manipal which may lead to lying to their parents and poor performance in exams,\" said Vinayak Prabhu, an MSc in media and communication student.Abhishek, a third year electronics and communication engineering student, said that the new website might create problems to students, who are not attending classes properly. \"But it gives parents a secured feeling as they can keep an eye on their children and their activities at any point of time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15810562", "title": "Drug pedlling cases exceptionally high, women also figure prominently in 3 Doaba villages", "text": "JALANDHAR: Three villages of three districts of Doaba - Jalandhar, Nawanshahr and Hoshiarpur - figures as major social challenges with exceptionally high number of cases against its residents for drug pedlling.Data of last five years about cases under NDPS Act procured under RTI Act by Human Empowerment League Punjab (HELP) activist P S Kitna has revealed that along with women also figure prominently in these cases. Information gathered by TOI from the areas has revealed that the accused in the cases mainly belong to a particular tribe which was de-notified after independence.This information revealed that 112 men and 60 women of village Ganna Pind of district Jalandhar face the cases. 27 men and 16 women have already been convicted while one woman has been declared proclaimed offender and rest of the accused are still under trials.In village Langroa of district Nawanshahr women almost equal the men in these cases. 43 men and 40 women face the cases under NDPS Act and 12 women had already been convicted.In village Denowal Khurd near Garhshankar of district Hoshiarpur 45 women are facing these cases. 12 women have already been convicted. Kitna said that while separate information about men could not be procured but police officials the number of men would be more than women.HELP activists Kitna, Charanjit Singh Bheen and P S Rana said that a comprehensive and long term programme be chalked out and implemented to woo these people away from drug pedlling as large number of young men were falling prey to drug addiction. \"Though they earn money from drug pedlling but a major part of their earnings from the illegal trade was going as bribe to police officials and in litigation costs to defend themselves,\" they demanded.Sham Sunder, a youth of village Ganna Pind, told TOI that the youths from the village were facing \"discrimination\" due to the stigma on the village when they try to seek employment in private sector and it was very difficult for them to get jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15783129", "title": "Lie detection test for Anti-narcotics cell cops: CBI", "text": "PANAJI: The Central bureau of investigation (CBI) has decided to conduct a lie detection test (polygraph test) and a psychoanalysis test on the entire police team which allegedly planted drugs on David Driham alias Dudu, an Israeli national.CBI has approached the Narcotics drugs and psychotropic substances (NDPS) court, moving an application seeking permission to allow it to conduct the lie detection test and psychoanalysis test on the suspended police personnel attached to Anti-narcotics cell (ANC).Sources in CBI said that the petition will come up for hearing in the coming week.CBI, which is probing Goa's police-politician-drug mafia nexus, had arrested the alleged main culprit in the case, PSI Sunil Gudlar, and five constables of the Goa police's ANC in the case as part of its investigation.The arrested constables are Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar.CBI has also moved another application seeking extension of time from 180 days to one year for filing a charge-sheet in the case.As per the law, CBI has to file the chargesheet within 180 days.If CBI fails to file a case within the time limit, then the accused is liable to get bail, but in special cases, the court has the power to extend the period by one year to file the charge sheet.CBI sources said that as Gudlar is completing 180 days, they have moved an application for extension of time. The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday rejected the bail application of Gudlar.CBI had already recorded the statement of then ANC SP Veenu Bansal in this case.Dudu's sister Ayala, in a sting operation towards the end of 2010, exposed through hidden cameras how ANC cops were demanding money from people threatening otherwise to plant drugs on them.Ayala had earlier stated that she conducted the sting operation to unravel the police-drug mafia nexus after her brother's arrest for dealing in drugs in Goa in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15782054", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau starts inquiry into speed boat row", "text": "MUMBAI: The state Anti-Corruption Bureau has initiated an inquiry into alleged irregularities in the procurement of 29 speed boats given to the state and city police to enhance coastal security, post-26/11.TOI was the first to report about the alleged anomaly.Last week, the ACB recorded the statement of Richie Shoaib Sequeira of an NGO, Protection of Rights Association, who alleged that the state administration had not followed the tender procedure properly while procuring the boats. The ACB would ask for related documents from the departments concerned, an official said.The state had procured the 29 boats, of different specifications, from Marine Frontiers, a company owned by Peasants and Workers Party (PWP) MLC Jayant Patil's son Nrupal. A senior police official said, \"The complaint stating that proper tender procedure was not followed by the state administration has been received by the ACB, which has recorded the complainant's statement. The investigating agency has even asked for the documents related to the purchases.\" The issue was also raised by BJP leader Eknath Khadse during the monsoon session of the state legislature.According to the information that Sequeira received under the RTI Act, the police intelligence wing had objected to the purchase process. Citing high prices quoted for the speed boats, the police had suggested to invite more bids for competitive prices. But ignoring the recommendations, the state went ahead and awarded the contract to Nrupal's firm. The city police wrote to the state that it had shortlisted Marine Frontiers for the supply of half a dozen speed boats for Rs 11.25 crore. Taking recommendations made by the intelligence wing into consideration, the state administration decided to postpone the purchase and invite fresh tenders. But, those tenders were never invited and Marine Frontiers was awarded the contract to supply 29 vessels for Rs 53.55 crore.A section of home department officials as well as Patil have, however, been denying any violation of rules. Though Jayant Patil was not available for comment, he had earlier told TOI that the boats provided by Nrupal's company were technically superior to those mentioned by the other bidders and so, the difference in prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15792539", "title": "'Man-eater' tiger trapped", "text": "MYSORE: The tiger, which supposedly killed a tribal woman, was trapped by forest department officials at Heggadadevana Kote on Sunday. The big cat was shifted to the Mysore zoo to treat an injury on its left front limb. It had two scars from old injuries on its back. Five hours after the 'man-eater' was sighted at around 12.30 pm near Heballa, forest officials succeeded in rescuing the tiger, aged around 10 years, by tranquilizing it.Initially, sharp shooters Akram and Karumbaiah missed the tiger twice as it sat hidden behind a bush. As there was no elevated place nearby, an elephant from Ane Chowkur elephant camp was pressed into action to rescue the injured cat.Abhimanyu, a Dasara elephant, was brought to the spot at around 4pm. The sharp shooters then sat on Abhimanyu, along with mahout Vasanth and tranquilized the animal within an hour.\"The tiger sat near a bush and was struggling to move due to the injury,\" veterinarian K S Umashankar told TOI.Mysore territorial DCF Gaonkar said after the attack on Mahadevamma, the tribal woman, at the vicinity of Bommalapura, the department had been on high alert.An officer said the tiger may have entered human habitat in search of an easy prey as the animal was aged and injured. The authorities are yet to take a decision on leaving the tiger back to the forest after treatment, considering that it had turned a man-eater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15790052", "title": "Curtains up on theatre festival", "text": "KOCHI: With theatre maestro Kavalam Narayana Panciker inaugurating the theatre fest 'Theatre Time' on Sunday, the city's theatre enthusiasts have something look forward this Onam. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that the festival would remain an annual event during Onam.Panicker said the fest would give a fresh lease of life to the otherwise marginalized art. \"Unfortunately there is no permanent venue for theatre. Though youngsters have a passion for this art, they don't get enough exposure in the state,\" he said.In his reply, Pareeth assured that a permanent venue for performing arts is being set up at the Durbar Hall Ground. \"The state government has sanctioned Rs 1.5 crore to renovate the DH Ground. It is likely to be inaugurated in November,\" he said. Actor Revathy said that parents should take the initiative to bring children to the festival.The six-day festival is being jointly organized by the district administration, District Tourism Promotion Council and A Centre for Theatre (ACT) at the DH Ground. It will conclude on August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "15779716", "title": "Begusarai girl alleges gang-rape by eight persons", "text": "BEGUSARAI: A Class XI girl on Saturday accused her cousin and seven others of repeatedly gang-raping her in confinement for over two days. The girl, a student of the local S K Mahila College, and a resident of Kharidi village under Matihani police station, in an FIR lodged with the Town police station in this connection on August 25, named her cousin, Lalan Rai, and three others besides four unknown persons for the trauma she underwent after the accused abducted her in a Bolero when she was shopping on the busy Station Road area at Begusarai on August 22.After pulling her inside the vehicle, the accused made the girl unconscious by putting a handkerchief on her nose. The girl accompanied with her maternal grandfather met Begusarai SP and lodged a complaint on Saturday. She stated her tormentors took her to an unknown place and gang-raped her there after tying her hands and legs with a rope. The girl said her ordeal continued for two days before she finally gained consciousness only to find herself lying naked on a bed inside the room of a lodge at Samastipur. She somehow managed to reach her maternal grandfather who lives at Khagaria by train from where he took her to Begusasrai SP Kshatranil Singh who directed the Town police station to lodge her complaint.The SP told TOI on Sunday that the medical examination of the girl was conducted on Saturday and its report was expected by Sunday evening. He said Begusarai Sadar SDPO had been asked to investigate the case. Though the four named accused have been detained, their arrest is subject to the confirmation of rape in the medical report. Police sources, meanwhile, said the girl's statement recorded by the police contain many inconsistencies.The SP, however, said the case had a twist as the girl's father is also an accused along with a kin in a case of assaulting his brother and nephew on August 19. A case has been lodged with the Matihani police station in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15813501", "title": "Rift within NDA; Akalis want to listen to PM in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an indication of rift within NDA, its key constituent Akali Dal on Monday said it would like to listen to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on coal block allocation, a remark that goes against BJP's position of not allowing Parliament to function till he resigns.\"Where is the move for PM to speak?... If he (PM) speaks, people will listen. Where is the move for PM to speak,\" Akali Dal leader Harsimrat Kaur told reporters when asked about her party's stand on whether PM should be allowed to speak.\"People want to listen but he has not spoken yet,\" she said.BJP has been insisting that it wants nothing less than the Prime Minister's resignation.Kaur accused the government of trying to brush the scam under the carpet.At the same time, she claimed that there was \"no division in rank and file of NDA. Akali Dal is solidly with BJP. There is no change in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785762", "title": "Prices of vegetables have doubled", "text": "COIMBATORE: The prices of vegetables have almost doubled in the last couple of weeks. Many find it an additional burden to their monthly budget. S Krishnan, a retired government employee who lives in Peelamedu says that the rates of vegetables have skyrocketed. \"I generally buy vegetables every other day. I have to carry at least Rs 500 to ensure that I can buy everything I need to,\" he says.Many residents express similar sentiments. But traders say this is a common trend during the Onam season and prices will come down again after the festival. PV Badruddin, a resale trader at the TK Market near Town Hall says that this is a yearly occurrence. \"During the Onam season, veggies become dearer. This is because of the increased demand from Kerala,\" he says.They say that vegetables come to the city from Gobichettipalayam, Kinathukadavu, Chemmedu and neighbouring states like Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. N Muhamad Mubarak, a wholesale trader at Saibaba Colony says that business is flourishing. \"Hundreds of trucks carry vegetables to Kerala,\" he says.At the same time, the prices of some vegetables have decreased. For instance cabbage, potatoes and beans have become less expensive due to increase in supply to the local markets, says Badruddin.Onam is a 10-day celebration from August 21 to 29. Traders say that rates will continue to be high till the Onam season ends. Rates will come down soon after, unless the rains are inadequate, says Mubarak.The wholesale rates will come down after the Onam season says N Muhamam Mubarak, the owner of MS Traders near Saibaba Colony. He says that a week after Onam, business will be quite dull. \"The markets will be almost empty,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15793994", "title": "Metro stations remain open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six Metro stations in central Delhi, which were earlier announced to be closed for 10 hours due to security concerns over protest by Arvind Kejriwal and supporters, remained open throughout the day on Sunday.A DMRC spokesman said the stations remained open throughout the day after Delhi Police revised their advisory. Six stations in central Delhi were to remain close as a precautionary measure following the call by Kejriwal to gherao residences of PM Manmohan Singh and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782087", "title": "CM gives deadline to banks over teachers salary", "text": "NAGPUR: As the state moves to create more transparency in its functioning, an overhaul of the education system is underway. One of the changes which is being taken up on a war footing deals with payment mode of salary of teachers in government and private aided schools. TOI had reported earlier that soon it will be mandatory for education department to pay salary through direct bank transfers. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan met stakeholders on August 23 in Mumbai and has given the deadline of March 31, 2013 to complete all related formalities.Chavan instructed district cooperative banks, which handle teacher salary, to implement core banking system by the deadline so that payments can be made electronically. The CM even warned that if any bank fails to meet the deadline then the state will give the charge to any competing bank that has the required facility.A press note issued by the CM's office mentions that the plan is to ensure that the entire process works fast. The CM has asked that salaries be deposited within four working days of the funds being made available to the banks.The direct deposit of salaries will ensure that only genuine teachers are getting the dues, as there have been suspicion that unscrupulous characters siphon off the money. In Nagpur itself TOI had exposed the fake teacher salary scam being carried out at St Vincent School located at Medical Square. City police who are investigating the scam suspect that over Rs5 crore have been skimmed off government coffers over the last three decades.The education department conducted a students census last year and found that many teachers are in 'excess', under the teacher-student ratio formula, and this means money being paid to those without any actual work. As schools and banks sort out the data over the next few months, the education ministry is hopeful that the salary payouts will see some savings for the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15788884", "title": "Civic apathy queer's pitch for park", "text": "HYDERABAD: It has been around five years now that the residents of East Marredpally's Teachers' Colony have waited for the proposed GHMC park and playground to come up in their area. But all that the officials concerned have to show for the playground is two half-completed pillars for the basketball court with garbage bins adorning the entrance and a ground covered in wild bushes and weeds. Residents lament the authorities' apathy and complain about a corrupt politician who they feel is responsible for the delay.\"The condition of the place is pathetic right now as the area has been neglected for quite some time. Once in a while some workers turn up and start some minor activity but, within a couple of days, work is stopped again for long periods of time. There definitely is some political pressure behind this,\" alleged Rajan D Ayaganollu, secretary of the locality's residents' welfare association.Sources claimed that the local MLA has been demanding a certain commission from the contractor before the work is taken up in right earnest. But since it is not a big-budget project, the contractor could not cough up the amount resulting in the prolonged delay.Meanwhile, it is the residents who have to suffer as the shabby site is now attracting several anti-social elements. Ayaganollu said, \"People from nearby slums arrange wedding parties and gatherings on this open space, leaving it strewn with stale food and other garbage. We have also found broken liquor bottles there.\" Residents said miscreants have also started stealing metal rods from the fence around the ground.\"We have complained several times to GHMC officials but to no avail. It seems like even their hands are tied due to political pressure,\" said Vijayraghavan K, another resident who has also filed an RTI plea regarding the matter on June 23 but is still awaiting reply. Residents of the colony had many plans to use the park and the playground to organise community events and construct rainwater harvesting pits, all of which have now been indefinitely put on hold.When asked, GHMC officials were quick to point fingers at the residents. Hari Krishna, zonal commissioner, GHMC, said, \"The plan was approved and Rs 4 lakh and Rs 6 lakh sanctioned for the park and the playground respectively, some time around the end of 2010 and the beginning of 2011. But the residents of the area wanted the area earmarked for the park to be changed into a playground and vice-versa. That held up the beginning of the work for around six months, resulting in further delay.\"However, hinting at the possibility of a certain corrupt individual trying to delay the work, a GHMC source said, \"The problem was with the initial delay itself. When a work gets delayed and postponed in the beginning, people start thinking that it is a major work and something could be gained from it.\"Officials said the work will resume soon and will be completed within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15791920", "title": "Special puja trains to ease festival rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to clear the extra rush of passengers during festival season, Railways has decided to run several puja special trains. The special trains will pass through Lucknow, Kanpur and Allahabad stations.Train number 03125/03126 Kolkata-Anand Vihar Terminal weekly superfast festival special via Dankuni will run for 14 trips from October 13 from Kolkata and from Anand Vihar from October 14. The train will run till November 24 from Kolkata and till November 25 from Anand Vihar. The train will have stoppages at Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur stations in both the directions.Another special train, 03113/03114 Rajdhani special between Sealdah-New Delhi weekly will run for eight trips from October 19 from Sealdah and from October 20 from New Delhi.The train will run till November 9/10.The train will have stoppages at Mughalsarai and Kanpur stations in both the directions.Similarly, a festival special tri-weekly train will run between Gorakhpur and Anand Vihar. The train will start run from Gorakhpur from October 2 till November 27, on every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday and from Anand Vihar on every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday from October 3 till November 28. The train will stop at Khalilabad, Basti, Mankapur, Gonda, Lucknow and Moradabad stations in both the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15788148", "title": "Resolve Syrian conflict, row over nuclear plan, Manmohan Singh to tell Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ongoing unrest in the Middle East, particularly the conflict in Syria, is expected to dominate discussions at the forthcoming NAM Summit, but India doesn't want specifics to be reflected in the official NAM document, sources said.As PM Manmohan Singh heads to Tehran for the NAM Summit, Iran is projecting it as a kind of global vote of confidence for Iranian policies, especially with a growing number of world leaders including the UN secretary general attending. Sources here said India would have no objection to Iran's statements as long as they are their own. But an Iran-slant won't find acceptance by India in the official statements.Singh's bilateral conversations with Iranian supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad will have pride of place during his maiden visit to Tehran next week. His message to the Iranian leadership will be strong - that India does not want to be a casualty in the growing unrest in the Middle East and Gulf states, particularly as it takes a more sectarian turn.Singh will ask Iran to work with its neighbours to find a solution to two parallel problems which are increasingly overlapping with each other -- the Syrian conflict, where Iran is supporting the Assad regime while the Sunni Arab states are backing the protesters and in Bahrain where the reverse is true, and second, Iran's nuclear programme which has added to the general instability of the region.On Saturday, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai highlighted India's stakes in the region. \"Peace and security is indeed our primary concern given just how important the entire West Asian region and the Gulf region in particular are for India's security, for the very large number of Indian citizens who live in that region and for the Indian economy both in terms of our oil imports and our exports. So, this is our own concern and we do not have to take anybody else's concern as being a priority over that. This is indeed our own very specific concern,\" he said.So far, India has found little to be worried. The references to the Middle East situation tread familiar ground that was finalised at the many meetings of foreign ministers in Sharm el-Sheikh. It was decided at Sharm el-Sheikh that the \"heads of state and government took note of the efforts of the international community to deal with the situation in Syria. They welcomed the efforts of Mr Kofi Annan and called for full implementation of the Joint Envoys Plan and its six points as well as the Security Council Resolutions 2042 and 2043. And they welcomed the acceptance by the Syrian government of this plan\". Mathai said India endorsed this position.India has been the object of many pleas by the Gulf Arab countries to persuade Iran to be more \"responsible\". Speaking to TOI, Mohamed Ghassan Shaikho, ambassador of Bahrain, this week said India should take the lead in giving NAM a new political vision. This, he said, should focus on two principles \u2014 \"good working relations between neighbours and non-interference in internal affairs of other states\". \"We must recognize the importance of regional groups to deal with regional problems,\" he said.The NAM document also takes a general position on nations developing nuclear energy, a statement that will be read closely in many parts of the world and which India says hews closely to its own position. \"Decisions should be made by consensus with the participation of all IAEA members states, and that the decisions of the IAEA must be consistent with its statute without any prejudice to the inalienable right of its member states to research, develop and use for peaceful purposes, of nuclear sciences in all its aspect including the inalienable right of each state party, if it so decides, to develop for peaceful purposes a full national nuclear fuel cycle in accordance with its rights and obligations under the Treaty on the Non-proliferation of Nuclear Weapons,\" the statement says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15819011", "title": "Body found in decompose state in Bandra-Kurla Complex", "text": "MUMBAI: A decomposed dead body of a Shivaji Nagar resident was found at Motilal Lane locality in Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) on Saturday. Pedestrians who were passing from the lane noticed the body after foul smell began to spread in the locality, said the BKC police.Police suspect the victim was killed over money matters. The control room received call from a local early in the morning after the dead body of Mumtaz Ali Aziullah (55) was found. Based on the information, the BKC police reached the spot and found the body decomposed. \"We have registered an case of accidental death which was changed to murder based on the post-mortem report,\" said BKC police inspector GG Patil.Patil said that they have noticed injury on right side of Aziullah's head but the picture will be clear only after the PM report. \"We managed to track down the deceased's family with the help of a diary that was found in pant pocket of Aziullah. The dairy helped us in identifying the person and also his family members to Shivaji Nagar,\" she said.Aziullah's family has lodged a missing complaint with the Shivaji Nagar police station on August 22 when he did not return back from work. \"He worked at Goregaon as a contractor taking up work of polishing floor tiles. He left the house three days back but did not return home. Investigations are on,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15795013", "title": "The diary of a thinking captain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Skipper Unmukt Chand's match-winning unbeaten century in the U-19 World Cup final was an exhibition in temperance and control. While one would have expected such maturity from a batsman who has played two seasons of first-class cricket and been a part of an IPL team, there are other factors behind the Delhi batsman's meteoric rise.Very few know he was a national-level swimmer the butterfly event at school, but more impressive his tendency to think a lot about his game and maintain regular notes. Chand has maintained a diary since at the age of eight, when he took to serious cricket.What the diary reveals \u2014 other than a keenness jot down daily notes on his game \u2014 is an academic bent of mind. Even the great Bishan Singh Bedi, who trained Unmukt in an under-16 camp, wrote a note in his diary \"Your ability to clearly express your thoughts will help you understand yourself and your game in future.\"The message must have gone through, for Chand never let cricketing excellence stand in the way academic merit. He secured 84% marks in his class 10 exams and then passed his higher secondary with 74% in subjects like economics, psychology and mathematics at a time when the Daredevils offered him his first contract.Chand appeared for his psychology exam two days before he was facing Lasith Malinga in front of a packed Ferozeshah Kotla. He might have been out for a duck but he did score 85% marks in that exam!When it comes to his batting, Unmukt loves the cut shot but barely played it right through the U-19 World Cup. According to Delhi coach Sanjeev Sharma, Unmukt has exercised control after he was told to pick which deliveries to cut.\"He has cut down on that shot because it was getting him out. He now needs a little bit of work on his batting for the longer formats but ready for ODIs and T20s.\"The ability to cut down risks stems from his child hood habit of taking down notes. Browsing through the diary, which father Bharat Chand Thakur shared with TOI on Sunday afternoon, some things stand out Besides his daily workouts, a 14-year-old Unmukt also jotted down where he went wrong in a match.\"The bowler bowled well but I was playing well too. I shouldn't throw wickets like this again,\" he wrote after a routine analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779945", "title": "Lok Adalat disposes of 2,891 cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To reduce the pendency of cases in lower courts, a number of cases were heard at a general lok adalat at the metropolitan court till Saturday evening. The court was presided over by chief metropolitan magistrate D B Barot, member secretary B J Ganatra and registrar H P Barot.A total of 2,891 cases were heard by the chief metropolitan magistrate till Saturday evening. Out of these 2,504 cases were disposed of. Help from the bar association members was sought and even fines collected. Metropolitan proceedings have led to collections totaling Rs 31.09 crore in penalties. The amount will be deposited in the treasury.Apart from a number of the prohibition cases, the lok adalat managed to dispose of a high number of cases related to economic dispute and cases of dishonoring of cheques. \"We will be planning on similar lok adalat in near future. Such courts help reduce pendency of cases, which are a bane of the functioning of lower courts. All sorts of disputes and petty cases gets piled up in the course of time. Such efforts for disposing of minor case so that important cases can be heard properly and are not delayed,\" says a senior metropolitan court official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15782922", "title": "Ankita left Goa before Geetika died", "text": "PANAJI: Ankita Singh, who had claimed in 2009 that she had married former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda, left Goa on July 28, 2012, before Geetika Sharma committed suicide, a senior police officer told TOI on Sunday.He added that Ankita was last traced in Singapore. According to Goa police, Ankita was staying at Taleigao, Goa.Geetika committed suicide on August 5, 2012, in Delhi and Ankita's name figured in her suicide note. Delhi police, who visited Goa to record Ankita and Nupur Mehta's statements after Geetika's suicide, had visited their respective residences, but both were unavailable.In 2009, Ankita had told Goa police that she was director of the Mint casino operations owned by Kanda.The former Haryana minister's MDLR group ran the onshore Mint Club Casino and the offshore Mint Cruise Casino. Both operations folded up in late 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15794460", "title": "Unions to hold meet on Aug 31", "text": "GURGAON: Ten days ago, nearly 4,000 workers, led by union leaders of various stripes, gathered in Gurgaon's administrative belt near Rajiv Chowk, in a show of support for the 500 workers sacked from Maruti's Manesar plant, after last month's violence and the subsequent lockout. And now, a 16-member delegation of Gurgaon's trade unions is once again set to take up the issue of mass-dismissals with the city authorities. On Monday, union leaders will be meeting with the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, and the commissioner of police, K K Sindhu, demanding reinstatement of those dismissed and more transparency in police action.A mass convention has also been scheduled for August 31, which will likely be attended by some of the workers from the Manesar plant, who were on the termination list. \"All the unions of the region will be taking part in the convention. We will have some of the dismissed workers also at the venue, along with their families, so that they can share the terrible experiences they have been through,\" said Anil Kumar of the All India Trade Union Congress.Having accused the police force of being heavy-handed and calling some of the arrests made groundless, unions members are now demanding a list of names of those who were apprehended or detained, and against whom FIRs were registered. \"We want this to be a transparent process. Right now there is no clarity. Who is now wanted? How many have been arrested? Who were involved in the incident of violence that day?\" said a union representative.Trade unions from across the country have pledged support for Maruti's suspended workers, while maintaining that those actually involved in last month's violence should be punished, instead of the many who are now being unjustly targeted.\"They have simply thrown out 500 of their permanent workers. Then there are thousands of contract workers who have been laid off. Not all of them were responsible for what happened,\" said Satbir Singh, district president of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions. Singh said that in taking up the case of the suspended workers, the 16 unions from Gurgaon are 'representing the unrepresented.' \"These workers don't have a voice. Their own union leaders are in jail right now. So it was important that somebody made their case for them.\"Earlier this month, too, a memorandum carrying the same demands, signed by the 16 union leaders and addressed to chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , was submitted at the administration offices in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15786983", "title": "Rain washes away fingerprints", "text": "CHANDIGARH: That the city is not a safe place at night came to the fore once again on Saturday, when four youths were so annoyed with a teenaged boy, whom they bumped into at a kiosk near ISBT-17, that they reportedly kidnapped him.The record of registered vehicles with Chandigarh police showed that the car was in the name of Saravjeet Singh of Khuda Ali Sher village but Singh denied the car was his. Later, cops got information that the car could belong to the owner of an SCO in Sector 22. The forensic team of UT police tried to collect the fingerprints and other evidence from the abandoned car but could not due to rain and dew. The victim Ankeshwar is a resident of Hallomajra and he has been handed over to his mother. The boy is mentally unstable and his family claimed he has undergone two surgeries, police sources said. Sudhir Yadav, an auto driver who is also an eyewitness said, \"The incident took place when the boy demanded money from one of the car occupants. Following this one of the youths caught the boy by his arm and another caught hold of his leg and pulled him into the car. The youths were having tea and snacks from the kiosk.\" But an auto driver dialed the emergency number (100) informing the police control room that a boy was 'kidnapped' from near ISBT-17.Police sources said prima facie the youths were under the influence of alcohol and they fled after abandoning the car in Sector 23 on realizing that they were being chased by police. Inspector Ram Gopal, SHO of police station in Sector 17, said, \"The boy who was thrown out of the car was recovered from near the Sector 16 roundabout. He told that the youths had driven towards Sector 23.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15793439", "title": "Staff shortage cripples Belgaum civic body", "text": "BELGAUM: The Belgaum City Corporation (BCC) has no superintendent engineer, no demolition squad, no veterinary officer, no permanent legal adviser, no revenue officer, no draughtsman, no food inspectors. The list is endless. The civic body requires 1,725 permanent staffers but it has only less than half the people - 804 to be precise -on the job. The rest of the posts have been lying vacant for the past decade. Reason why the civic body is one of the busiest, with employees turning up for work even on Sundays to finish the backlog of work. However, BCC commissioner Priyanka Mary Francis says the problem will be sorted out soon. According to the Cadre and Recruitment rule of 2011, Belgaum City Corporation should have eight assistant executive engineers, 32 assistant engineers and junior engineers, and four city engineers but now it has just four AEEs, 8 AE/JE and a city engineer.The corporation is functioning without a superintendent engineer, council secretary, assistant commissioner, revenue officer, draughtsman, permanent legal adviser, council secretary, accounts officer, public relations officer, zonal commissioners, veterinary officer, assistant engineers in UGD and water and sanitation, survey supervisor, accountant, food inspectors and no burial ground watchman. For over a decade, many posts have been lying vacant. Among 1,725 permanent posts, it has just filled 804 posts. Apart from those vacancies filled on compassionate grounds, no fresh recruitment has been made since 2005-06. Even those were only to fill backlogs. For nearly ten years, the corporation is yet to take up general recruitment.Due to this, some of the staffers are holding additional responsibilities other than the job allotted to them, which in turn is affecting administrative work. Some of the staffers have been working overtime but without any pay to meet the demands of the people. The corporation has been working without corporators for nearly ten months now after the state government superseded it. This has put more pressure on the staff. Officials have been trying hard to meet the public demand, with many of them unable to take leave and even coming to office on Sundays to finish pending work.With no special squad for demolition, the onus is on other staffers in the corporation. The staff shortage has had an adverse impact on administration, a point conceded by BCC commissioner Francis.\"There is no doubt we have been facing staff shortage for the past many years. This was brought to the notice of the urban development secretary and the process for filling up the vacancies is going on and in days to come these vacancies will be filled,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813853", "title": "Naach Dulari Naach in its post production phase", "text": "Made under the banner of Balaji Solitaire Films Pvt Limited, 'Naach Dulari Naach' has reached its post production phase. Film is produced by Vinod Trivedi and directed by Sreedhar Shetty.Shreekankani, Yash Trivedi, Zafar Khan, Uday Shrivastava etc are the stars in the movie. Seema Singh has done a raunchy item number in the movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15783517", "title": "One year on, IIT-Bombay queer group is 140 and counting", "text": "MUMBAI: Rajat B (name changed), an undergraduate student of Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay joined the premier institute this year because it is gay-friendly. He was not hesitant about accepting his sexuality. Even as he joined the institute, he sent an email to IIT-B's support group, Saathi, making his intentions clear.A year on, probably the first-ever resource group supporting the sexual minority\u2014lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or queer\u2014on campus has seen many changes in the attitude of students.\"Sexual orientation is not spoken in hushed tones. It is open in the out,\" said a senior teacher. \"Many changes have happened over a year on campus. Students are coming forward and discussing their sexuality and also are trying to get their queries answered from the group's moderator,\" he added. Initially, from a handful on the group's mailing list, their number has crossed to over 140. \"Many of them do not even belong to the LGBTQ community but are being supportive of the group,\" said Nivvedan, Saathi's co-founder.Last year, when Saathi was formed, many freshmen stayed away. However this year, organizers received around three to four queries from first-year students on how to enrol. The group had conducted several events on campus and managed to get an audience of over 100 students during discussions. \"Sexuality is discussed openly and Saathi's presence has made a difference,\" said the teacher.\"The group was formed in August 2011, but gaining acceptability now. There has been no backlash on campus,\" he added. Saathi's founders believe they have managed to reduce hostility towards the LGBTQ community on campus. They plan to lobby for LGBTQ-friendly policies at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15784902", "title": "Scindia panel sweeps MP Cricket Association election", "text": "INDORE: The panel led by Union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia made a clean sweep bagging all the posts in the bitterly contested elections to the Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA). Scindia defeated his nearest rival and Madhya Pradesh minister Kailash Vijayvargiya by a margin of 77 votes for the post of MPCA president. The official announcement of the results was not made till the filing of this report. Elections were held earlier on Sunday amidst tight security to elect 19 members to the executive body of the MPCA.Scindia polled about 150 votes while Vijayvargiya polled 73 votes. All the nine members of Scindia panel registered thumping win. For the post of chairman M K Bhargava won by polling 152 votes while his nearest rival Ashok Jagdale polled 71 votes. For the post of secretary, Narendra Menon polled 145 votes against 81 polled by Amitabh Vijayvargiya.Alpesh Shah (149 votes) and Milind Kanmadikar (155 votes) were elected joint secretaries while Pravin Kasliwal polled 128 votes and was elected treasurer.Earlier, there was tension at the counting venue outside the Holkar stadium as supporters of Scindia and Vijayvargiya clashed and police had to resort to use of force to disperse the mob. The Scindia panel won in the managing committee and affiliated institutes and club. The winners for the managing committee include Vinod Narang, Pankaj Pandey and Sandeep Mungera. Similarly, the winners for the affiliated institutes and club include CCI, Star Cricket Club and Young Man Cricket Club, said sources. Commenting on the victory, Ashok Kumat, spokesman of Scindia camp, said, \"It's a clean sweep for us. It is due to the excellent work done by Scindia during his two-year tenure as its president.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796763", "title": "Chain snatched", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified persons on motorcycle snatched a gold chain worth Rs 50,000 of a 78-year-old woman at Subhashnagar on Sunday morning. A complaint has been lodged by Mrinalini Potnis of Guruwar Peth with the Khadak police station. The incident took place when Potnis was on her morning walk. Assistant police inspector A S Nemane is investigating.Driver booked for stealing batteries: The Pimpri police have booked a truck driver for allegedly stealing batteries worth Rs 2 lakh instead of transporting them to a company in Chennai. The incident took place between July 30 to August 9, between Chinchwad and Belgaum. A complaint has been lodged by Sanchit Gupta (41) of Chinchwad with the Pimpri police station. Gupta had hired a truck for transporting the batteries to Chennai. He sent the batteries on July 30. However, the driver Juber Shaikh of Ghorpade Peth, allegedly stole the batteries and dumped the truck near Belgaum. Police sub-inspector V D Dalvi is investigating.Engineer robbed: Two unidentified persons thrashed a 26-year-old engineer and robbed him of his gold chain, rings and cellphone amounting to Rs 70,000. The incident took place on late Friday night near Chandani chowk on Paud Road. Bipin Ramesh Bhat had gone out for dinner to a restaurant on Paud Road on his two-wheeler.While returning home, two persons, who were following him, stopped him. They thrashed Bhat and forced him to sit on their motorcycle. The duo then took him to a secluded place near a college on Paud Road and robbed him. The Hinjewadi police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15794298", "title": "Mobile case that curbs radiation exposure by 95%", "text": "MELBOURNE: A new smartphone case, made up of same material as Nasa spacecraft, claims to reduce cellphone radiation and cancer risks as it cuts the exposure by up to 95%. Although it still remains unclear as to exactly how bad the problem of cellphone radiation is, the WHO has already reclassified it as \"potentially carcinogenic for humans\".The manufacturer claims to resolve the problems associated with mobile devices of emitting microwave energy as majority of it is absorbed by the heads and bodies of phone users while making calls. The accessory is available for a range of different smartphones.According to the company's chief technology officer, Ryan McCaughey, their invention doesn't make empty promises to ward off deadly radiations, and the case has been rigorously tested to check its effectiveness. \"The scale we base our research is the industry standard of SAR. What we do is compare the effect of a cellphone on SAR with and without the Pong case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15762852", "title": "Shaadi? but, I'm just 26!, says Vijay Kumar", "text": "Olympics silver medallist and army man Vijay Kumar on his marriage plans and why he thinks this recognition came in a bit late.A silver medal in Olympics and the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award soon after, you have been on a roll. How does it feel?It feels great. I'm happy with the immense love and adulation I have received from everyone, especially the government. It feels special when one's efforts are recognised. I won three gold medals at the Commonwealth Games in 2010, but I guess, people didn't notice me then.So, you feel this recognition came in a bit late?Well, yes it has. But it doesn't bother me much. I have always remained focussed on my game and never allowed such issues to affect me. Woh hota hai na, the person who has always been in the limelight is also expected to win and get medals. But the person, who has been there and has been working hard, is neglected. No one pays attention to him, kyunki uski photo nahi aayi hai newspaper aur TV pe, log use pehchante nahi hain. He may be the most hard-working athlete, but no one pays attention to him, which is wrong. But like I said, these things don't bother me and I don't have any complaints.You must be getting many marriage proposals now...Yes. My family is flooded with marriage proposals. But my father is handling them. Maine abhi tak koi proposal nahi dekha. I don't want to get married so early. I'm just 26 and I'm just back after taking part in Olympics, itni jaldi kya hai shaadi ki? I want to dedicate at least one more year to sports. My father knows about my plans, so he is not asking me to look at any marriage proposals.What kind of a woman would you want to marry?Bass zyada kuch nahi, ladki aisi ho jo mujhe jhel le (laughs). I don't have any pre-conceived image about how my wife will be, but yes, compatibility is very important.There were reports that you were planning to quit the Army. Is it true?I had never said that I was planning to quit the Army. All I had said was that all my old dues should be clear... ab mera 50 per cent pending kaam ho gaya hai. In fact, the sports minister had offered all the medallists the rank of IAS. But I haven't decided anything yet. The Army has told me ki main unhe ek saal dun. Isiliye maine abhi kuch aur socha nahi hai.Like many of your contemporaries, are you also getting any Bollywood or endorsement offers?No, I haven't come across anything as yet. Mera waise bhi TV aur filmon mein koi dhyaan nahi rehta.Your favourite Bollywood actor?All of them are good. I recently met Deepika Padukone at a sporting event and she is also good. I don't have any favourite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "the mandur landfill, the only one currently receiving garbage is running without any sanction from the local gram panchayat. \"the mandur gram panchayat approved the landfill for only one year in 2005. the bbmp, in return, promised free electricity and gas connections to mandur and four neighbouring villages ", "code": "15795128", "title": "No gram panchayat sanction for Mandur landfill", "text": "The Mandur landfill, the only one currently receiving garbage is running without any sanction from the local gram panchayat. \"The Mandur gram panchayat approved the landfill for only one year in 2005. The BBMP, in return, promised free electricity and gas connections to Mandur and four neighbouring villages : Kammasandra, Kattigollahalli, Byappanahalli and Gundur. But nothing has happened and we feel cheated. In 2006, when the stench aggravated, we declined to approve the continuation of the landfill. It's illegal now,\" C Thammanna, Mandur gram panchayat member, told TOI.Mandur has two landfills \u2014 one run by BBMP and the other by a private firm which has a daily capacity of 200 tonnes.\"The private landfill was given a oneyear permit in 2005 and renewed in 2006. The company had promised to generate electricity. But there's no power generation here. The private landfill is a total failure and must be closed down,\" said Mune Gowda H, a resident of Mandur.The private landfill was producing fertilizer from waste but even stopped three months ago. But dumping of garbage continues at the landfill.\"It's unbearable to live with the dirty smell and mosquitoes swarming around,\" said a security guard.Marriage woesMandur's young men and women who want to get married have been badly affected, just like those in Mavallipura, the city's other major landfill. \"Knowing the degradation of the village, nobody wants to send their daughters to this village. Young men of marriageable age are getting frustrated. Even when our relatives come to the village, they don't stay here overnight just to avoid getting bitten by mosquitoes and be spared the stench,\" said Ramamurthy S, another resident of Mandur. There are 250 men and women in the 18-32 age group in Mandur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779477", "title": "Fare fire: Flyers parachute into trains", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Call it cost-cutting or shunning of ostentation, but the dip in domestic flyers and increasing rail traffic suggest that with rising airline fares, Amdavadis are switching modes of transport.The impressive growth in airline traffic at Ahmedabad airport seems to have hit an air pocket. The Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel airport, which recorded a rise of more than 40 per cent in domestic air traffic last year, is registering a dip of around 10 per cent this year mainly on the Ahmedabad-Mumbai and Ahmedabad-Delhi routes.In fact, more than 10 domestic flights that were on the summer schedule have been cancelled over the past four months. The airlines have told the Airport Authority of India (AAI) that they have cancelled the flights for operational reasons. Several flights have been cancelled on the Ahmedabad-Mumbai route.Airline officials said that the rising fuel cost and the increase in user-development fees in Mumbai and Delhi have forced them to enhance airfares.Last year during summer vacations if one booked a flight ticket a week in advance then one-way economy class fare for Mumbai was between Rs 2,000 and Rs 3,000. Today, the prices are not less than Rs 4,000.\"The airport has been seeing a slight dip in domestic flyers which might be due to the increase in the fares,\" said Ahmedabad airport director R K Singh. \"However, the number of domestic flyers has increased at Ahmedabad airport over the period and the dip might be temporary and limited to a few sectors.\"Industry experts feel that the rise in fares have forced many to cut their flying bills.A financial think tank, Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE), has lowered its forecast for air-passenger traffic growth this year from 11 per cent to 7 per cent. CMIE has cited the sharp rise in fares due to a major hike in charges by private operators of Delhi and Mumbai airports as the reason behind lower growth.City-based travel agents said that they have noted a major dip in corporate bookings.\"We have seen a dip in bookings in sectors where rail and road connectivity are well established,\" said Paras Grover, a travel agent. \"Today, due to high fares for Delhi and Mumbai, individuals and corporate executives prefer an overnight journey on a bus or train.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15793357", "title": "Drunk drivers go scot-free in Hubli, Dharwad", "text": "HUBLI: Drunk, and at the wheel? Not a problem if you are in the twin cities. Though law says drunken driving is a punishable offence, the police department in Hubli and Dharwad does not have adequate number of breathalyzers to enforce the law. So, drunk drivers often go scot-free.The department has about 17 breathalyzers, of which only three are in working condition. With the rest in need of repairs, police are finding it difficult to book cases against offenders.Of the three breathalyzers, one is being used in Dharwad, while two are in Hubli -- one in north traffic police station and another in south traffic police station. For the twin cities with a changing culturescape, where socializing and partying are slowly catching up, police are abysmally armed to prevent tipplers from driving and eventually causing accidents.According to police sources, they are facing difficulties in booking cases against drunk drivers.\"We keep an eye on people driving in inebriated state. But when we stop them for checking, we have to take them all the way to either Keshwapur or Hubli where breathalyzer is available. There will be a long queue there, making it a messy affair during night hours,\" said a police officer who did not wish to be named. \"Since we are not adequately armed, we often let them go,\" he said.On one hand, this inadequacy is leading to offenders escaping from the clutches of law. On the other, it is often causing a great deal of inconvenience to innocent people too. For instance, Ramesh Kumar (name changed), a resident of Old Hubli, was stopped by police near MTS Mill on Karwar Road. \"They took me on my bike to Koppikar Road where police were registering drunk and drive cases using breathalyzers. I had to wait till my turn came. After testing they imposed fine on me. This exercise took more than half an hour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15794318", "title": "Firm pays Rs 30 cr service tax", "text": "GURGAON: The private firm that owns Ambience Mall in Gurgaon and Delhi has paid over Rs 30 crore for the recent service tax evasion, after the Directorate General Customs Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) office had detected irregularities in tax payments. Sources said that the firm had collected service tax worth several crores of rupees from renting the offices and shops in the mall but had not deposited it to the government exchequer.In an email response, the company stated that Rs 30.17 crore has been paid. Of the amount, Rs. 30.17 crore has been paid in cash while Rs. 6.02 crore has been deposited by tenants with the Service Tax Department in pursuance of the order of the Supreme Court dated 14.10.2011.The company also stated that \"the litigation on levy of service tax on renting of immovable commercial property was one of the long-drawn litigations in the history of service tax and the matter was under litigation because of its applicability, therefore, there is no service tax evasion\".However, the DGCEI officials found out about the service tax evasion after scrutinizing all the details of the company. The details of the exact number of the rented shops or retail space in the malls are not available but according to DGCEI officials, the number is higher given the service tax collection figure running into crores of rupees.A senior CEI official said: \"The firm's accounts clearly reflected the payments made under the service tax head from the clients who were given commercial space on rent in the mall. But the tax return did not mention anything about the service tax payment.\"The investigation began early this year when the customs excise intelligence officials raided the firm's office in Delhi and seized exhaustive documents and account books.After scrutiny of the documents the officials found out that the firm had dully collected the service tax from 2007 onwards for all the commercial space rented in two malls in Gurgaon and Delhi. The department issued notice to the firm regarding the irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "15789400", "title": "Acid attack by jilted lover", "text": "HOOGHLY: A 25-year-old woman suffered severe burn injuries after her spurned lover attacked her with acid at Debra Masjidtala in Hooghly's Pandua.The victim, Saheba Khatoon, was attacked by the accused Rizwanur Rehman and his friend Sweet Mandal on Saturday evening, when she had gone to the toilet close to the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15797953", "title": "Gang held for possessing rifles, released", "text": "MADURAI: A group of men kept the forest and police officials on toes as they were found to possess three rifles in an isolated spot around midnight on Saturday. The men also gave inconsistent replies to the queries of the officials resulting in a flutter. But later it turned out that they had the licence to possess rifles and were let off.Police said that during the patrolling by a team of forest officials led by ranger Karumalayan, six men were spotted with a car parked in an isolated spot in the fringes of forest area in Perayur police limits.On suspicion, the forest staff inquired the group. The men replied that they were from Tirupur. One of them said that they had visited Madurai to get trained in rifle shooting and that they were on their way to a temple at Sathuragiri hills. However, their demeanour and their act of parking the car in an isolated place during the night with weapons raised suspicion among the forest staff. They had two rifles as well as bullets. Unconvinced by their reply, the forest staff suspected that they might belong to a poaching gang.The forest officials then took them to the police station in Perayur where the police conducted an inquiry. However, during the police inquiry they showed the licences to possess the weapons and clarified that their intention was not to hunt animals. Subsequently, they were let off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15778813", "title": "Man loses Dubai job due to identity theft", "text": "NOIDA: A manager of a Noida-based company got the shock of his life when he sought a job in the middle-east. When he applied for a visa, he discovered that a person with the same name and personal details was already living in Dubai on a residential visa for the last two years.Even though the victim filed a complaint with the Noida police on Saturday, cops failed to initiate a probe and took cognizance only after intervention by the media.Speaking to TOI, the victim Amit Singh said that he had applied for a job in Landmark group, which has a sister concern named Sheomart in Dubai. \"I got an offer letter for two years from the company on June 20 and I was supposed to join on July 20, but due to documentation problem I was delayed,\" Singh said.He got a shock when the HR department called him on August 2 asking about his earlier visit. \"When I informed the HR department that I have not visited Dubai before, the official informed me that visa was issued on my passport to another person who has been living in Dubai for the last two years,\" Singh said, adding that the official did not share further details of the person living in Dubai.On August 21, the victim received a formal mail from the company that as visa was already issued on his passport, the application was rejected. Luckily, Singh had not resigned from his present job as a senior HR executive with Future group. \"The company also suspended my appointment as my visa was rejected,\" Singh added.\"I have issued an order to probe the matter properly and register a case,\" said SSP Praveen Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15785011", "title": "Centre plans more doctors for better healthcare", "text": "MUMBAI: On the recommendation of a high-level expert group, the Centre has drafted an ambitious plan to increase the number of doctors for providing better healthcare. Against the current doctor-population ratio of 1:2000, the Centre has proposed to increase availability of doctors to 1:1000, in a time-bound period.\"The planning commission had set up a high-level expert group on universal health coverage. The Centre has accepted the recommendations of the group and accordingly guidelines are being issued,'' a senior official told TOI on Saturday.The official said, it was found that the acute shortage of doctors has had an adverse impact on the mortality rate. To address the shortage of doctors, specialists and faculty, the official said the Centre has relaxed the norms for setting up a medical college in terms of requirement of land, faculty, staff, bed strength and basic infrastructure. While the teacher-student ratio has been relaxed to increase the seats at the post-graduate level, it has been proposed to raise the intake capacity at the MBBS level from 150 to 250.Further, it has been proposed to increase the age limit from 65 to 70 years for appointment, extension and re-employment against posts of teachers, dean, principal and director in medical colleges. In addition, the Centre will provide financial support to state medical colleges under the scheme to increase post-graduate seats or for starting new PG courses. \"The Centre has also proposed to grant financial assistance under the National Rural Health Mission for appointment of staff on a contractual basis,'' he said.Maharashtra will be the major beneficiary of the Centre's new policy. \"All will depend on the influence of our chief minister, health and medical education minister. If they succeed, Maharashtra will get more grants for strengthening our colleges. We expect that the present intake capacity will increase from 3,400 to 4,500 if the central scheme is implemented,'' he said.A former dean said the new policy to address the issue of shortage of doctors has been welcomed by all sections, but it's high time that the Centre and the state government take a fresh look at starting new medical colleges. In Mumbai and the suburbs, there are 38 medical, dental, unani, ayurveda, homoeopathy and nursing colleges, while there are more than a dozen districts where there is not even a nursing college. Take the case of Naxal-dominated Gadchiroli, Gondia, Bhandara and Chandrapur districts, where even routine medical facilities are not available. \"These districts don't have even a nursing college. While drafting the new policy, we must ensure equitable distribution of medical facilities. Our present policy concentrates on providing more facilities in urban areas,'' the former dean said.He also said though the state government had proposed to set up new medical colleges in Chandrapur, Nandurbar and Alibaug, no decision has been taken so far for obvious political reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15785237", "title": "Anna Hazare gets new blog, says Congress, BJP one in Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reacting sharply to the six-day parliamentary deadlock, social activist Anna Hazare accused both Congress and BJP of corruption in coal block allocation in his blog on Sunday night.Supporting Sunday's agitation by India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers, Hazare said people only wanted an account of where the politicians had spent public money. Accusing political parties of squandering away public money, the activist said Parliament had not been allowed to discuss the CAG report for the last six days.His comments came on a day when members of his disbanded team staged a protest against Congress and BJP in New Delhi, marching to the residences of the prime minister and Congress and BJP chiefs on the issue of coal block allocation.As the 75-yar-old social activist came out with a new blog handle which is different from the one on the official website of IAC, he said people will have to think now that no party will give a future to the country.He also expressed support for volunteers, especially in Bhopal, who were at the receiving end of police lathi-charge. He added that the movement should continue to remain non-violent.\"Those whose hands are blackened are leveling allegations (of corruption) against each other. People have to think now, no side or party, will give future to the country,\" Hazare told reporters at Ralegaon Siddhi when asked about the stalemate between BJP and Congress in Parliament over CAG's report on allocation of coal blocks.\"If the future is to be given to the nation, then those who have foresight should be sent to Parliament, don't see any side or party from it. This country's future will not be bright,\" he said.Hazare's new blog handle is the third in the past year with the first, operated by journalist Raju Parulekar, being closed following a bitter feud between them. The new handle -- annahazarethinks.blogspot.in -- and the first post was put in public domain on Twitter by Hazare's close aide Suresh Pathare.After falling out with Parulekar in November last year, Hazare's blog -- annahazaresays -- was managed by IAC, the erstwhile Team Anna, on its official website.The first post in the new blog talked about his pet theme, Jan Lokpal bill, and how the government \"cheated\" the country on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15811563", "title": "Onam mood grips old age homes as well", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As Onam is around the corner in all its pomp and fanfare in every nook and cranny in Kerala, it is also an occasion for scores of elderly women and men in old age homes to look back to the good old days they spent with their near and dear ones.As geriatric care centres across the state get ready to celebrate the festival, culminating with 'Thiruvonam' on August 29, elderly inmates refresh memories of bygone years.Many still vividly recall the great joy of going around coconut gardens and rice fields with other children to pluck flowers on all the 10 days leading upto the Thirvonam to make the colourful 'pookkalam' (floral carpets).There is a tinge of sadness to their memories as many have been living in these homes for the last several years.But a silver lining is charity homes also do their best to make their inmates happy on Onam day, giving them new clothes and cooking delicious 'onasadya', the multi-course lunch.While funds are not a problem for centres where elders from affluent backgrounds live, smaller institutions have to raise donations to organize celebrations.Often NGOs, political parties and residents' associations come to their help.The state Government also chips in with special aid for the occasion.\"Nobody can plan Onam celebrations in advance in institutions like ours. It will depend on donations of others as we do not have any other income,\" Ajith Kumar , administrative officer of Cheshire Home here, told PTI.Cheshire Home is home to about 35 aged and physically challenged people.\"Some people donate cash and others will give rice and provisions. There are those who provide ready-to-serve feast. The residents association in our area organized some cultural programmes for our inmates in previous years,\" he said.Kumar said relatives of inmates rarely take home their parents during festivals, though it is custom in Kerala for all family members to come home during the Onam days, even from abroad where many eke out a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15793722", "title": "Poor telecom, treatment delay kill Israeli woman in Manali", "text": "MANALI: Disrupted telecom services in Lahaul-Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh and a 12-hour delay in medical treatment proved fatal for a stranded Israeli woman who succumbed to her injuries sustained in a road accident in Spiti on Friday.One of the vehicles of Desert Queen, a jeep safari expedition for Israeli and Jewish women, had overturned near the Kunzum Pass around 10am, leaving four women inside it trapped and injured. Twelve crucial hours passed by as the events unfolded -- between the time of the accident and the patients' admission in hospital. The inordinate delay in treatment was too much for the victim Shoshana Maizel, who was driving the jeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15785196", "title": "1 arrested for texting lewd messages", "text": "INDORE: Police, on Saturday evening, arrested a person who was allegedly harassing a 40-year-old woman by sending lewd messages on her cell phone.Anitabai (name changed), a resident of RNT Marg, had lodged a complaint with 'We Care For You' a few days ago in which she informed police that she was getting lewd messages on her cell phone. Initially, she tried to ignore the messages, but the accused did not show any sign of change. She even tried to convince the accused when he called her but to no avail, the police said, adding that she then sought the help of 'We Care For You.'Using the cell phone number, cops traced the accused and arrested him on Saturday evening from his residence. He was identified as Monish alias Monu, a resident of Shakal Kunj.'We Care For You' unit handed over the accused to Sanyogitaganj police where he was booked under the Section 66-1 Information Technology Act and sent to jail. 'We Care For You' is a special unit of Indore police which deals with the problem of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15782670", "title": "Punishment for Arun Gawli to be decided today", "text": "MUMBAI: The special MCOCA court on Monday will decide the quantum of punishment for gangster-turned-politician Arun Gawli and 11 others convicted in the 2007 murder of Shiv Sena corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar.Following the conviction, the police and prosecution said they would seek death penalty. Special public prosecutor Raja Thakre told TOI, \"I will argue that the criteria of the rarest of rare cases should not be applicable to special statutes like MCOCA.\" The accused are convicted under MCOCA for contract killing and under the Arms Act for illegal possession of weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15807952", "title": "Prasanna, Vimal pair up", "text": "While their solo movies have evoked mixed responses at the box-office, Vimal and Prasanna have managed to hit the bullseye when sharing screen space with another actor (Kalakalppu for the former and Kanda Naal Mudhal for the latter). Now, the two are teaming up for the first time in Koothu, which is being directed by Padmamagan, who earlier made Ammuvagiya Naan.The film, in fact, has a bunch of upcoming actors like Richard, Bharani, Harish and Nithish in its cast. Nandhagi, who played the titular character in Aval Peyar Tamilarasi and Arundhathi play the female leads.\"The film isn't a run-of-the-mill love story. It is a thriller that revolves around a journey taken into a dense forest by the characters,\" says Padmamagan on the film, and adds that he has come out with a unique screenplay for the film. Koothu is expected to hit screens in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "15817672", "title": "KG to PG education complex for tribal students in Gadchiroli", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The naxal affected district of Gadchiroli will soon have an educational facility for tribal students right from kindergarten studies to post graduate courses under one roof , state tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute said.Expressing concern over the education and facilities being provided to tribal students in ashram schools, Pachpute said they require better quality education so as to not lag behind in academics.For this, the state government will soon start an education complex with KG to PG education under a single roof and officials have been asked to identify a suitable land for the project and send a proposal, Pachpute said here last evening.The government had started ashram schools for the tribal students to bring them in the mainstream of education but most of these schools are situated in remote areas with no facilities. The teachers also do not attend the schools regularly, which affects the students, he lamented.Also, the farmers in the district who have got land under Forest Rights Act will also be given sufficient funds for farm development and irrigation facilities, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15787477", "title": "Ex-minister's kin molested in Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: Snatchers seem to be having a free run in Salt Lake. This time, however, the criminal molested the woman, daughter-in-law of a former minister, and was nabbed within moments. The accused, identified as Abdul Malek, snatched the victim's phone on Saturday night. But when the gutsy woman caught hold of his hand and protested, Malek reportedly molested her.A green police volunteer posted in the area tracked him down and the Bidhannagar South police arrested him. Malek was produced at Bidhannagar additional judicial magistrate court and remanded in judicial custody till September 7.The incident occurred at GD Block of Salt Lake which is usually secluded in the evening. \"I was returning home at around 8pm on Saturday when I saw a person on a bicycle coming from the opposite direction. Suddenly, he snatched the mobile phone from my hand,\" the woman, a resident of HB Block, said.The victim, however, was alert and managed to catch hold of Malek. It was then that he molested her. \"When I shouted out in protest, the man touched my body. I let out a cry. The man then tried to run away with his bicycle,\" she said.One of the green police volunteers, on duty in the area, heard the woman's scream and rushed to her aid. He saw the criminal trying to flee on his bicycle and gave him a chase. Within moments, he caught hold of Malek who was then contemplating which way to flee. Malek was handed over to Bidhannagar South police. The victim later lodged an FIR at the police station.Preliminary probe revealed that Malek is a vegetable vendor and resident of Bhangor area in South 24- Parganas. Police are trying to find out why he had come as far as Salt Lake from Bhangor and whether he was a part of a bigger snatching gang.Of late, Salt Lake has witnessed a spree of snatchings. Since last Monday, four cases of snatching were reported. Police are keeping a strong vigil at all the entry and exit points of the township. About 150 green police volunteers have also been posted in township.The Bidhannagar police had earlier prepared a list of do's and don't's for the residents of Salt Lake and Lake Town and held meetings with various block committees. But residents of the township are still living in fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15794416", "title": "Sons drive mother out of her house", "text": "GURGAON: Two sons have driven out their mother after illegally grabbing the house owned by her in Laxman Vihar Colony. City police have lodged an FIR against victim's sons. Earlier, the victim had filed a petition in a city court against her sons.According to police, Santra Devi, widow of Natthu Singh, had filed a petition through her lawyer, Ashok Jeevan, in a city court a couple of days ago. In her petition, she said that she was living happily lived with her two sons in the 100-sq.-yard house in the city's Laxman Vihar colony.Trouble began after her husband passed away on June 14, 2010, when her sons, Rajendra and Ramesh, started to torture her.The sons grabbed the family house after making fake documents. In the bargain, they had also taken advantage of their mother being illiterate and had taken her thumb impression on the papers. Two months ago, when they got her house in their names, they drove her out of the house. The complainant said that she started living with her acquaintances in Sultanpuri, Delhi, and with their help, she filed a petition in a city court. On Saturday, the city court was took cognizance of the matter and order the city police to lodge an FIR against the accused sons of the woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15781901", "title": "Navegaon, Itiadoh wetlands to get state, national recognition", "text": "NAGPUR: The ecologically sensitive Navegaon and Lonar lakes in Vidarbha will soon be among the six wetlands in Maharashtra, and get international exposure and grants. Besides, the Itiadoh lake in Gondia district will also be listed under the National Wetland Conservation Programme (NWCP).On March 1, the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) had asked the state to send a list of wetlands for notification under new Wetland Regulatory Rules 2010, and also list Ramsar sites and high altitude wetlands for protection and conservation.Accordingly, at a meeting held on August 22 in Mumbai, the state decided to include six wetlands viz. Sewri Creek (Mumbai), Jaikwadi (Aurangabad), Ujni (Solapur), Navegaon Bandh (Gondia), Nandur Madhmeshwar (Nashik), and Lonar (Buldhana) under Ramsar sites.The convention on wetlands was signed in 1971 at Ramsar, Iran. The Ramsar convention's broad aim is to halt worldwide loss of wetlands and to conserve them through wise use and management. So, these wetlands will now get global importance.At a meeting held in November 2005 in Uganda, 25 Ramsar wetlands were identified in India but there was none from Maharashtra. Besides, 71 wetlands were identified under the National Wetland Conservation Programme (NWCP). Only Ujni was among these 71. Now it will be a Ramsar site.Navegaon lake, spread over 11 sq km area, was constructed by Kohali Patil in the 18th century for Rs64,000. Its average depth is 40 feet, but is 90 feet at its deepest. It has rich biodiversity and borders the Navegaon National Park and is surrounded by Satbahini Hills.Similarly, the catchment of Itiadoh lake on Gadhvi river is about 700 sq km in Morgaon Arjuni tehsil in Gondia. The Itiadoh dam was constructed in 1970 for hydroelectricity generation and irrigation.Principal chief conservator of forests for wildlife SWH Naqvi said Ramsar encourages rare or unique wetlands that or wetlands that are important for conserving biological diversity. Once designated, these sites are added to the convention list of wetlands of global importance.\"We will ask forest officials to submit detailed proposals on Navegaon and Itiadoh. These proposals will be forwarded to the state, which will submit them to the Centre. The authorities will then assess the wetlands and notify them as protected wetland,\" Naqvi said.Naqvi said Itiadoh will be conserved and protected under Wetlands (Conservation and Management) Rules 2010 and will be monitored by Central Wetland Regulatory Authority (CWRA).He added there will be restrictions on setting up industries in the vicinity, dumping of solid waste, manufacture or storage of hazardous substances etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15812078", "title": "IIT-Gandhinagar to establish an R&D; centre on Archaeology", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Technology , Gandhinagar , will establish a centre for research and development (R&D;) on archaeology with a view to facilitate protection of the national heritage.IIT-Gandhinagar would join hands with other institutes like Pune's Deccan College, Chennai-based Sharma Centre for Heritage Education and MS University, amongst others to develop synergy on R&D;, and to offer a national facility eventually for conducting cutting edge research in the arena.\"A lot of new science and technology has come, which has changed the way archaeology is being practised. We think we can offer a continum approach right from basic archaeology all the way to science and technology,\" IIT-Gandhinagar Director Prof Sudhir Jain told PTI.\"A small initiative has been taken to establish an R&D; centre on archaeology here, in this direction. We shall be working in coordination with other varsities and institutes,\" he said, adding, that it is important to protect our past.IIT-Gandhinagar will collaborate with these institutes in the next few months, for which preliminary work has already begun.The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), Mysore, has a branch that works on deciphering text or languages discovered from ancient sites called-Epigraphy.In a bid to revive archaeological practices by providing a technological interface, IIT-Gandhinagar has proposed to start offering few post doctoral fellowships to archaeologists and commence a minor programme on Archaeology from the next academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15809177", "title": "Heroine: Saaiyaan", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15805906", "title": "Rajkumar Hirani loses his identity", "text": "Researching for his upcoming film P.K, the filmmaker was mistaken for Vidhu Vinod Chopra. That's how close they really areVisiting astrologers and temples as a part of research for his upcoming film P.K., filmmaker Rajkumar Hirani realised just how close is his association with Vidhu Vinod Chopra is. An unsuspecting Raju, who was standing in a queue to enter a temple couldn't believe when a guy approached him and asked, \"Hey, aren't you Vidhu Vinod Chopra?\" His explanations fell on deaf ears. Recalling the incident, Raju told us, \"I had cut my moustache since I didn't want to be recognised. A guy mistook me for Vidhu Vinod Chopra. I tried to tell him that I wasn't, but he just wouldn't listen. Bahut der ke baad he left and he still wasn't convinced about my identity.\"\"In fact, researching for the film had been a lot of fun,\" revealed the filmmaker. \"P.K. is about God and godmen. It's a satire that is very close to me and Abhijat Joshi who writes with me. We have incorporated many incidents that we experienced in real life. The audience identifies with them,\" he added.Interestingly, Raju is a self-proclaimed agnostic. \"I do go to a temple or a church at times but that's just because I feel peaceful there,\" he explained and continued to talk about his next venture.When we pointed out the vast age difference between his lead actors Aamir Khan (47) and Anushka Sharma (24), he simply said, \"The concept of P.K. doesn't underline how old these two are in real life. Even the height is immaterial.\" But there's another role in the film that requires a younger hero. And though he is reportedly looking at Ranbir Kapoor , Ranveer Singh or Imran Khan to fit the bill, the slot is still empty.\"I'm in two minds whether to cast an established star or a newcomer. I want to finish a major chunk that doesn't require Aamir in October. This I shall shoot in Italy with Anushka. Aamir would join me in December,\" he told us.About Aamir's son Junaid who will be working as an assistant to him, Raju said, \"Aamir called me up and asked if Junaid could work with me on P.K. I was game. That boy has an eye for detail and very good research and organisational skills. Aamir said that he shouldn't be given any preferential treatment and I should treat him like any other AD. Junaid gets his share of scolding too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15795131", "title": "Wait for three days to breathe clean air", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizens will have to put up with stench at least for another three days as it may take that much time to clear garbage that has piled up in every nook and corner of the city.Terming it a crisis situation, BBMP officials said garbage is being removed from areas on a warfooting .\"It is a continuous process. Garbage is generated every day, and that just adds to the heaps of backlog ,\" said VN Puttamurty, assistant executive engineer , BBMP.On Sunday, 495 trucks carried 4,005 tonnes of garbage from the city to landfills.As of now, the muck is being sent to Mandur landfill . At night, some 1,000 tonnes are being transported from Mandur to Terra Firma landfill near Doddaballapur . Earlier, Terra Firma landfill used to acc o m m o d at e 2,000 tonnes. BBMP officials said agitating farmers near Doddaballapur have relented since garbage has been halved and transportation is being restricted only to night.Villagers of Mandur, off Old Madras Road, said they will hold a protest on Monday against dumping of garbage in their midst.Civic officials are hopeful that Mavallipura landfill will open soon as they have submitted a compliance report to the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board, which has banned dumping at the site.Expressing helplessness at their inability to find a quick solution, officials said until suitable alternatives are found, they will have to continue dumping garbage at the existing landfills.Long-term plansThere's some news for the long term, though. BBMP has identified nine parcels of land, measuring 212 acres and 10 guntas, up to 30 km from the city. The land is currently with the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC). However , it will taken anywhere from six months to one year to build the infrastructure.\"Inspection is complete and BMTC has been asked to hand over the land to BBMP,\" said an insider. It is learnt that the land in question is unfit for BMTC's use and has been lying idle.The identified parcels of land are Kannur - Survey Number No 271, Mittiganahalli - Survey No 2, Chagalatti \u2014 Survey No 102, Khada Agrahara - Survey No 34, Kallubalu - Survey No 90, Indlawadi - Survey No 143, Yelachaguppe \u2014 Survey No 93, Sunkadakatte - Survey No 37 and another place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813160", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor is fond of kids", "text": "For a scene that involved children in Ayaan Mukherjee's Yeh Jawani Hai Diwani, Kapoor mingled with them becoming a child himself.A unit source revealed. \"There were over twenty children on the sets and all were part of the shot. Initially the kids were shy and in awe of Ranbir Kapoor.They all knew that Ranbir Kapoor is an actor who works in movies. But coming face to face that too for a film scene was something very new for them. But Ranbir made them feel at home. He saw to it that they do not get bored in between shots and kept them entertained by playing and sharing jokes with them.\" Apparently, Ranbir not only helped them open up and give that perfect shot but also posed with them for pictures. \"The children wanted to click pictures with him after the shoot and Ranbir patiently posed with each and every kid individually. The children had a field day with him,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15810193", "title": "Fresh Face 2012 at Jogamaya Devi College", "text": "Who said girls can't have fun? One look at the packed auditorium of Jogamaya Devi College on Day One of Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 and you knew the event has got off to a bigger and better start.As emcee Sidhu took to the stage, he was met with loud ceetees. The introductory round had the girls making a few confessions. While one admitted that her hobby was to bash up boys, another announced that she is a passionate kisser. A contestant went a step ahead to profess her love for the Botany professor! From chocolates, boys and chocolatey boys \u2014 girls poured their hearts out. Their excitement knew no limits when the participants learnt that the two girls who win this contest also get a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear.What An Item: The talent round had the girls shaking, swinging and shimmying to the chartbusting item numbers churned out by DJ Rinky. While Meghamala Ganguly did a Kat act to Chikni Chameli, Poonam Bhowmick's rendition of Aaj kal paon zameen par enthralled all. New-to-the-city Ambrin Rehman, who is passionate about biking and karate, pulled off belly dancing to Shakira Shakira. Many showed their dance moves, but it was Tanuja Das' vibrant Aa re pritam pyare act that stole the show. She was declared the winner by actor Kanchana Moitra, judge for the event. Ambrin was adjudged the first runner-up and the second runner-up's title went to Meghamala.Rotey rotey...: Once the announcements were made, Tanuja broke into tears. Sidhu was quick to quip, \"So far, we've only seen such a thing in the Miss Universe contest!\" It was enough to send ripples across the auditorium. The grinning faces said it all. If you too want to be part of all the masti, register on itimes . com /freshface today!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15793137", "title": "Police take threat call to a dalit woman seriously", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police has taken note of threatening calls made by an unidentified person to woman employee of a private institution in Moodbidri. The employee Kavitha (name changed) had approached Moodbidri police with a complaint about receiving phone calls threatening her on July 25. The police, despite summoning the accused to police station for inquiry, did not register any case against him.Lingappa Nanthoor, a dalit leader who raised the issue at the monthly SC/ST grievances redressal meeting convened by city police here on Sunday said neglect of such instances have often led to more serious crimes against women in general and women from dalit communities in particular. \"Police after calling the accused for questioning strangely was not able to find him when the complainant came there,\" he said.Kavitha told M Muthuraya, deputy commissioner of police (law and order) that she visited Moodbidri police station on more than one occasion, taking time off from her work after being asked to come there in connection with her complaint.\"However, the accused was not there whenever I landed at the station,\" she said. Muthuraya directed M Puttamadaiah, ACP, Mangalore north sub-division to produce the accused before him at the earliest.Reacting to query by SP Anand, a dalit leader, about delay that victims of SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act face in getting compensation on account of technicalities raised by the department of social welfare, Muthuraya said he would take up the issue with the city police chief. Anand said the department is insisting they get a report from city police commissioner about the incident.Citing the instance of delay faced by a dalit woman, the victim of an incident of sexual assault registered in Moodbidri police station limits, in receiving compensation, Anand said the victim should not be penalized for official procedures. Subashchandra, ACP, said the report of the investigating officer - ACPs in this case - is what matters in cases registered under the act. Muthuraya assured Anand that he would get the issue sorted out with the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798315", "title": "Man hacked to death by close friend", "text": "CHENNAI: A newlywed man was chased and hacked to death by his friend over a business rivalry in Maduravoyal on Saturday night.Police said the victim Arun alias Benny, 22, and his friend Parthiban sold fish at a market in Vanagaram . Arun, who married Nandhini just three months ago, cleaned and cut the fish for customers while Parthiban owned a fish shop. Arun allegedly stole Parthiban's regular customers, which angered the latter. Parthiban confronted Arun about this and told him to not interfere in his business.On Saturday night, he invited Arun to drink with him at a tasmac shop in Sreelakshmi Nagar. On their way back from the shop, Parthiban deliberately picked up a fight with Arun, police said.In the heated argument that ensued, Parthiban brandished a sickle that he had on him. Arun cried out for help and ran, but Parthiban chased him and hacked him to death, they added.Police have sent the body for a post-mortem to the government general hospital. They are on the lookout for Parthiban, who is missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798166", "title": "Corporation \u2018ditched\u2019 us, say Vyasarpadi residents", "text": "CHENNAI: Workers hired by a contractor to construct a stormwater drain in Vyasarpadi have cut telephone cables and, without warning, left residents with no way out of the locality . People in the area said the drains are welcome before the monsoon, but wish the corporation gave them at least a day's notice. D Venkateshwaran, who lives on Ponnapa Mudali Street, had an agonising day when work on the drain began recently. He repeatedly tried to call his 82-year-old father and heard the phone ring but no one answered. After an hour, he panicked.\"It scares you when an old person alone at home does not pick up the phone for so long,\" he said. \"When I returned home, I realised that our phone was out of order.\" On the night of August 17, telephone lines to at least five houses were cut when workers began to dig up the road for the drain.\" What irked the residents was that the contractor did not even bother to inform them that work was going to start on the drain or try to fix the telephone lines. \"We complained to BSNL on Saturday, but because Sunday and Ramzan were holidays, officials sent some workers only on Tuesday. We were without a landline connection for three days,\" Venkateshwaran said.Residents said the construction of the stormwater drain started on August 14, surprising them. One morning they found that they could not drive out of their homes. The road in front of their houses had been dug up. \"Trenches nearly five feet deep had been dug overnight,\" said Sriram Gopala, another resident of the street. \"When we asked the workers how we were to get out of our houses, they shrugged and said they had been asked to dig a stormwater drain.\"The final straw came when workers broke a Metrowater pipe laid 22 years ago. The residents informed the ward councillor about the issue. \"When I went to the spot, I heard people shouting at each other,\" the councillor said. Residents said if they had been informed earlier, they would have parked their vehicles elsewhere. They said phone calls and emails to the corporation complaint cell have not elicited any response. Corporation officials said contractors have been instructed to take corrective action in case of accidental damage to cables or pipes or inform the supervising engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15785145", "title": "Ruling party meet against AP dam project", "text": "KORAPUT: The Biju Janata Dal (BJD) will resume its anti-Polavaram campaign with a massive public meeting at the state's southern most town, Motu, in Malkangiri district on Monday as the Andhra Pradesh government is progressing with the over Rs 10,000-crore multi-purpose project despite strong opposition from Odisha.\"Vast stretches of agricultural lands and innumerable villages in Motu tehsil on the Andrha-Odisha border will be inundated if the Polavaram project comes up,\" minister for school and mass education Rabi Narayan Nanda, the convenor of Monday's meeting at Motu, said.According to official figures, at least 4,932.22 hectare land, including 1,451.51 hectare agricultural land and over 10,000 people in 11 villages of Motu and Pusuguda panchayats of Motu tehsil will be submerged if the project comes up on river Godavari, about 80 km from Motu.When asked to comment on the opposition's allegations that the state government has failed to handle the Polavaram issue efficiently and has turned it into a political drama, Nanda said, \"Since the beginning, the state government is opposing the project on several forums and will continue to fight against it. Politics has nothing to do with it. The Naveen Patnaik government has always worked in the state's interest. If the Andhra government and the Centre do not pay heed to our demands, we will intensify our agitation.\"Meanwhile, president of Odisha Lok Sakthi Prafulla Samantaray has held the Naveen Patnaik government responsible for the present impasse over the Polavoram project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815968", "title": "Bollywood prints and nostalgia", "text": "As all developments have flip side, digitalization of Bollywood flicks have too. The new digital technology has turned many invaluable cinema rolls into a piece of waste which could be only used for getting nostalgic.The waste,that includes rolls of immortal Hindi flicks like Guide, Bobby, Ram Teri Ganga Maili and many others, are lying at different locations across the city of Indore, including Swadesh Bhawan, since most of the city's cinema halls don't use old projectors any more.A Central Cine Circuit Assocoation (CCCA) offical told media that no theatre in the city nowadays uses old projectors. Alka and Premsukh talkies had the old projectors in use before they shut down recently.The nostalgic official told that once these invaluable film rolls are nothing but trash. Another distributor from the city told that earlier hardly 10 prints were prepared because producers were scared of risk factor as if the film failed to perform, it could be costly affair. But, now producers believe in going for maximum prints due to digitalization of media. It has also put a check on piracy as the movie can be screened in many theatres at a time,adding, these out of use film rolls have nostalgic value.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15809914", "title": "Feb wedding for Koel", "text": "She is the 'jaaneman' of millions and for months there has been a lot of buzz over who she would give her '100% Love' to. The news is finally out. Tollywood star Koel Mallick is getting into a lifelong 'bandhan' with producer Nispal Singh. The two will seal their 'saat paake bandha' on February 1, 2013.\"Yes, we are getting married on February 1 and the marriage will follow both Bengali and Punjabi rituals,\" said Nispal's 'chirosathi' Koel. How happy are Koel's parents about their daughter's choice? \"Both my parents are thrilled as they now have a son,\" blushed the would-be bride.Talking about her life partner, Koel said, \"I feel blessed that I am getting married to him. He is one of the most grounded persons I have met. I feel elated to be associated with his family.\" According to Koel, what drew her to Nispal is the fact that he has a big heart and is a man of principles. \"He has a clear vision of what he wants his life to be like. He is actually my best friend.\"So, when did the 'premer kahini ' happen between the two? Or was it 'prem by chance'? \"I don't remember the exact date, time, year or place as we grew close gradually. He became my friend when I joined the industry. Over the years, I realized that he was the man,\" gushed Koel. And how romantic is he? \"Let's not make it so filmi, please,\" said the heroine firmly.The relationship is more than five years old, but why has Koel never spoken about it? \"Firstly, it is my personal life, which I feel should be respected. Secondly, this news doesn't have any entertainment value that I should flaunt it to the world. I want to be in the news for my films and not for my personal affairs,\" said the actor.One of the most successful heroines in T-town, will she keep doing films or quit in the prime of her career? \"It's something I've left to destiny,\" she smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15782370", "title": "District team taking lessons in disaster management", "text": "AMRAVATI: Swift and coordinated action is important for tackling any emergency like fire, flood, house collapse etc but more often than not chaos prevails during such situations causing problems for the disaster management team. This can be avoided now. The district search and rescue team from Amravati would now work on the lines of Incident Command System (ICS), functional in USA. Sudhir Rathod, assistant professor with Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Vidarbha Administrative and Development Training Institute, who recently took training from USA is now guiding the district team.Rathod was the only representative from Maharashtra in a 12-member team that underwent the training jointly organized by the Ministry of Home Affairs, India, National Institute of Disaster Management, Delhi, and USAID. After completing training in USA, Rathod has now busy in developing IRS in district.\"ICS is a very effective tool used for disaster management and event management in USA. In India, we call it as Incident Response System (IRS)to apprise us with quick and effective disaster management and event management system,\" said Rathod adding, \"After completing classroom sessions in Delhi, we went to USA. Field sessions were held for 10 days at various places to acquaint us with the latest technology and disaster management techniques.\"Under IRS, Rathod said, a team called Incident Response Team (IRT) undertakes tasks like operation, liasoning, safety etc. \"The role of every member is defined which helps to develop a systematic approach. This way, whenever there is any disaster, everyone works according to the task assigned. It helps in preventing chaos and panic.\"IRTs can be formed at national, state, division, district and tehsil levels, he said. \"I have started giving training to the district search and rescue team. Though it is too early, this team can surely handle small disasters efficiently. In Amravati, this system can prove to be a boon for controlling flood situations,\" Rathod said.\"I have also submitted a report to the government in which I have suggested some guidelines. Under a treaty signed in 2003 between USAID and Government of India, the former would train Indian representatives on implementation of IRS,\" said Rathod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15812558", "title": "College, NGO organize marathon to create awareness on global warming in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Shankar Narayan College and an NGO, together organized a 11 kilometre monsoon marathon for all youth in Mumbai on Sunday. The run has been organized to create awareness among the youth on global warming . The inter-collegiate green revolutionary initiative, 'Green Youth, Green Mumbai' was meant to bring the youth under one roof and make them understand the importance of environment and how the power of youth and togetherness can bring positive change in the society and nature.The run also aimed at giving an opportunity to youth and the colleges to show case their green ideas, thoughts, innovation with media, best speakers, social leaders and change makers/reformers from different sector of society. In many high pitched activities as green sustainable leadership summit, green idea competition, green innovative technology, green youth, green sustainable discussion and green college and campus award, fashion show, music and dance competition based on the green theme were organised too.The NGO, Green Yatra and the NSS unit on together organised the event. The awareness run was basically a fun event and group participation was encouraged. According to the organisers, the run gave a great opportunity to promote teamwork and demonstrate social and civic responsibility. While boys had to run for 11 kilometres, girls had to run the marathon for nine kilometres only. The run started from the college at Bhayander (East).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15794520", "title": "Vegetables becoming unaffordable for poor", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy rainfall and flood in the various parts of North India had skyrocketed the prices of vegetables in the city. The prices of dals and other cereals have gone up.In last three days, the prices of tomato, potato, ladyfinger, brinjal have increased. Tomato, which was being sold for Rs 30 per kg a few days back, is now available for Rs 40 a kg. The prices of bittermelon have nearly doubled. It is being sold for Rs 55-60 a kg. Earlier, bittermelon was available for Rs 30-40 a kg. Prices of other vegetables have also shot up by atleast one-and-a-half times. The price of potato has also gone up. Tomato is now available in market for Rs 25 a kg instead of Rs 18-20. In Chakarpur, wholesale market, tomato is available for Rs 10 to Rs 12 a kg. Parwal is being sold for Rs 40 a kg in the retail market.Cauliflower, which is being pumped into vegetable markets from cold storage, is being sold for Rs 20 to 40.In markets of south Kanpur, potato which was available for Rs 14 a kg, is now being sold for Rs 20 a kg. This has burnt a bigger hole in the pocket of the denizens, who are finding it tough to manage the kitchen expenses.Blackmarketing and hoarding of vegetables in cold storages are the other reasons. This is not giving the farmers a chance to earn. Touts and cold storage owners are busy in minting money. Heavy rainfall has been damaging the crop. The trucks that come to wholesale 'mandis' in the city are also unloading less quantity of vegetable. In Govind Nagar, Kidwai Nagar and Shastri Nagar vegetable markets, tomato is being sold between Rs 50-60 a kg. In the vegetables markets of posh areas like Swaroop Nagar, the cost of vegetables is much higher. 'Shimla mirch' is being sold at Rs 100 a kg.The prices of ginger and 'dhaniya' have also gone up.The prices of various dals are nearly 5% more now in comparison to recent past. The prices of refined oil and castor oil have multiplied. Arhar dal, which was available for Rs 55 a kg a month back, is now being sold between Rs 61 and 65 a kg. The price of 'moong dal' is Rs 65 a kg these days. In June, it was being sold for Rs 50 a kg. Refined oil is being sold for Rs 92 a litre. It was sold last month for Rs 80 a litre. The price of cooking oil is more than Rs 100 a litre. At some markets, people are forced to buy cooking oil for Rs 110 a litre.The difference in prices of food items in wholesale and retail markets has further hit the common people. The wholesalers and retailers blame higher fuel cost to be reason for increase in the cost of the food items. .Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal said that blackmarketing and hoarding of the food items has led to further increase in the prices. Short supply has further aggravated the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15799568", "title": "A true reflection of life in just 15 minutes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A flower stall at the national SARAS mela at Manjalikulam ground presents a pleasant sight. Two elderly women animatedly chat with a young man seated in a corner of the stall. Both women dish out pure Malayalam in south Kerala dialect while the youth remains attentive, smiles and finally responds in Hindi. Their eyes blink in surprise.In between, the women introduce the young man to visitors. \"He can draw your picture in 15 minutes flat.\" In no time a crowd surrounds Sandeep Chowdhary - a young artist from Delhi- who picks up a paper, pencil and headphone. He places a paper board on his lap, plugs the headphones into his ears and the magic begins.Fifteen minutes pass and Sandeep holds a portrait; an exact replica of the person who posed for the picture. The model is glad and Sandeep is gratified. For the artist, the feeling is the same when he draws a superstar or a common man. Portraits of Shahid Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor adorn his stall.\"I liked to draw since childhood, now it is a source of livelihood,\" says Sandeep. Sandeep is not a trained artist, but his father used to draw portraits. \"He would beat me, chide me to make sure that I didn't become an artist. He always said art never filled one's belly,\" recollects Sandeep.He said the most challenging work he did was to draw a-week-old baby whose parents requested him to make a portrait. Ask him about his first portrait and he blushes like a kid. \"It was during my school days, I drew a picture of the girl I loved and she liked it. She loved me for that,\" he reminisces. He charges anything between Rs 50 and Rs 5, 000 for a portrait. \"Granted it is my job, but I don't draw just for the money. I love doing this. Even if you don't pay me, I won't complain,\" he smiles. But Sandeep has one regret: \"I badly want to make a portrait of my wife. But she is against the idea and I don't know why,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15787423", "title": "Happy end to week\u2019s 2nd carjacking", "text": "LUDHIANA: Carjackers struck second time in a week when they attempted to snatch a car at gunpoint from an assistant professor of Punjab Agricultural University and take him and his son hostage on late Saturday night. But this time, they weren't as lucky as police chased the criminals down and arrested them within minutes of the kidnapping. While two persons were arrested, two managed to escape.Last Sunday, Haibowal resident Rishu Kwatra was targeted by carjackers near a busy Ferozepur Road mall. Police had not been able to been make any headway in that case but now hope that those arrested would be able to provide clues. The modus operandi in both the crimes was strikingly similar \u2014 they occurred near Sidhwan Canal, the cars snatched were white i20s and in both the cases, two gun-toting men had approached the victims.Police said Sukhpreet Singh, an assistant professor of seed farming at PAU, had gone to a private hospital on Ferozepur Road along with his wife and child around 10pm on Saturday. While his wife had gone inside the hospital to avail a treatment, Sukhpreet was waiting in the car along with four-year-old Jaireet Singh in their i20.The victim told police that two persons walked to his car and made him open the door at gunpoint. Scared, Sukhpreet did as told and one of the miscreants asked him to sit in the backseat along with his son. The two abducted the father-son duo and began driving towards Ferozepur. The other two snatchers, who were in the car that the four had come in, was moving a little further from Sukhpreet's car.Fortunately for Sukhpreet, he spotted a police check post near a mall on Ferozepur Road and tried to catch the cops' attention by banging on the windscreen.Kingpin was declared deserter by Army: PoliceCarjackers tried to kidnap an assistant professor of PAU and his son from outside a hospital on late Saturday night. However, timely police action saved the two and led to the arrest of two criminals. SHO traffic Beant Juneja, who was incharge of the check post, said, \"We realized that there was something suspicious in the car and immediately erected barricades and signaled the vehicle to stop. However, they did not halt.\"Soon, two to three police vehicles, including CIA staff, were hot on the car's wheels. Realizing he had a chance to save his son and himself, Sukhpreet Singh pulled the car's handbreak, making the vehicle slow down. The police surrounded the car, rescuing the two and arresting both the criminals. Those arrested have been indentified as Harjot Singh of Talleke village of Moga and Sukhwinder Singh of Dunne-Ke village, also of Moga. The other two who were in the other car have been identified as Satvir Singh alias Satta of Dengrokalan and Dokar Singh of Madi.Police said Satvir was in the Indian Army but was declared a deserter. Acting as the gang's kingpin, he reportedly used to train the others in using arms. Juneja said not realizing that their gang members had been rounded up, the accused in the other car called one of them on his cellphone. \"The caller said they were waiting on the other side of Sidhwan Canal,\" he added. Though police teams were immediately dispatched to the spot, the two managed to flee.Deputy commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Gurpreet Singh Toor said they recovered two pistols from the accused. He said Satvir was driving the other car and it seemed the same group was behind last week's carjacking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790372", "title": "Met forecasts heavy rain in 11 districts", "text": "JAIPUR: The Met department on Sunday forecasted heavy to very heavy rain in the next three days in 11 districts including the seven where many villages are still inundated. The eleven districts include Dholpur, Bharatpur, Dausa, Karauli, Sawai Madhopur, Jaipur, Bundi, Sikar, Nagaur, Ajmer and Tonk. Out of these districts, seven are already witnessing flood-like situation since Wednesday.In Jaipur, residents woke up to an overcast morning on Sunday. Till 8.30 am, the city received 38.3 mm rain which was recorded in the wee hours. By evening, it started raining heavily in every part of the city. Rampant waterlogging was witnessed at various city roads including JLN Marg, Moti Doongri Road, Tonk Road, Sikar Road and other places. According to Jaipur Met office, nearly 80 mm rain was recorded till 9.30 pm.Meanwhile, Sunday brought more sufferings for the residents of Dholpur when mild to moderate showers occurred in the district. Parvati Dam in the district was overflowing due to which the district administration opened its gates to let the water flow for irrigation. District collector, Dholpur, Ramkhiladi Meena has sounded a red alert for nearly 114 villages which were submerged in water.The situation in Sikar, Jhunjhunu and Churu improved a bit where army personnel are flushing out water. Though at least 400 villages are still inundated, people took a sigh of relief as Sunday recorded less rain.\"It will take another day or two to pump out water. And if rain reoccurs, it would be problematic for us,\" said a senior official.Health minister A A Khan, who is incharge of Sikar, along with Sikar MP Mahadev visited the waterlogged villages on Sunday.Sitaram Lamba, a resident of Dataramgarh village in Sikar, who is also participating in the relief work, told TOI that many villages were still inundated including Laxmangarh, Magra, Dataramgarh, Kankara Panchayat, Haripura and Kirad.In Jaipur, district collector Naveen Mahajan said schools would open as usual on Monday.Vair (Bharatpur) received the highest rainfall in the region (100 mm) on Sunday and was followed by Ramgarh Shekhawati (Sikar) and Lalsoth (Dausa) 70mm, Bayana (Karauli) and Mahwa (Dausa) and Mount Abu (Sirohi) 50 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15794110", "title": "Shakespeare's Richard III buried in a UK parking lot?", "text": "LONDON: Archaeologists may have solved the puzzle of where the English king Richard III, immortalized by Shakespeare in his play is buried as they have started digging a car park in Leicester for his lost remains. The University of Leicester, Leicester City Council and the Richard III Society have joined forces to search for the grave of Richard III, thought to be under a parking lot for city council offices.The team will use ground-penetrating radar to search for the ideal spots to dig. \"This archaeological work offers a golden opportunity to learn more about medieval Leicester as well as about Richard III's last resting place,\" Philippa Langley, a Richard III Society member, said. Richard III was King of England from 1483 to 1485. He died during the Battle of Bosworth Field during the War of the Roses. Shakespeare penned 'Richard III', a play about the tragic king, approximately 100 years later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15784235", "title": "Cops lathicharge, book India Against Corruption members", "text": "MUMBAI: The D N Nagar police resorted to lathicharge against India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers heading towards Congress MP Rajeev Shukla's Andheri residence to protest against the 'Coalgate' scam on Sunday. IAC representative Mayank Gandhi and 50 others were booked for unlawful gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15793952", "title": "Guerrilla protest hits security wall", "text": "NEW DELHI: The route to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's house was heavily guarded with barricades at successive points on Aurangzeb Road leading to 7, Race Course Road . Protesters chose to amble in pretending to be casual pedestrians around 12.50pm on Sunday .Clumsily camouflaging their identity by wearing Team Anna T-shirts inside-out or wearing shirts over posters pinned to their chests, they tried to stroll into Aurangzeb Road but were soon caught by cops and detained at Tughlaq Road police station .However , when several women protesters broke through the barricades , they couldn't be stopped as female cops were not present and were called in from the police station later . \"There are no female cops here and I am just walking alone which is not a violation of section 144 Cr PC. On what basis are the cops detaining me ? What is my crime ?\" screamed Savita Sharma , a protester from Greater Noida .Protesters kept barging into Aurangzeb Road in waves till about 3.30pm. However , none were able to cross beyond Safdarjung Road , and were placed in DTC buses and carted off to nearby police stations . While water cannon and riot police were in position in the area , no excessive force was used as the situation did not go out of control . Several protesters were dragged on the ground by police officers as they lay down on the road clutching on to banners and each other .\"We will take bullets but not move ,\" insisted Satya Prakash . Another protester , Jatin , had to be physically dragged all the way to the police station 100 metres away as he refused to leave the spot . Santosh , from Sunder Nagri , said , \"You should catch Nitin Gadkari , not me ,\" his voice hoarse from screaming .A group of protesters , numbering around 100, lay down near Tughlaq Road police station around 2.15pm, demanding probe on the Coalgate scam and PM Manmohan Singh . The crowd even attempted to stop red beacon vehicles exiting the area . The crowd finally dispersed around 3.40pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815118", "title": "Won't sign anything new until Bachchan finishes: Parul", "text": "Ravishing beauty Parul who charmed the Kannada film fans with her 'Pyaar Ke Aag bittaithe' song in 'Govindaaya Namaha' is now working with actor Sudeep in the film 'Bachchan'.Right now, her portions in the film is being picturised which may continue for some more days. Later she will be participating in the songs sequence of the film in the month of October and November.Parul said that she will not be working in any new film or sign any new venture until she completes her work in 'Bachchan'. Parul also said that she is indeed getting offers, but she will not be able to sign any new film until she completes Bachchan . Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15791904", "title": "Buying a car may pinch more", "text": "LUCKNOW: Buying a car might pinch more in future as the transport department is mulling hike in the road tax for both private and commercial vehicles. The department has already sent a proposal to the government in this regard.Sources in the department said there could be a nominal increase of 5 to 10 per cent in the tax rate. The proposal at present is in a preliminary stage but nod from the government might make the department think seriously about it.The department had revived the tax structure in 2009. Another hike might burn a deeper hole in the pockets of the buyers. In 2009, the department had made the buying of a bigger and heavier vehicle costly, as the one-time road tax was linked to the unladen weight of the vehicle (weight of an empty vehicle). The fact that heavier vehicles cause more wear and tear to the roads was one of the reasons for road tax being linked to the unladen weight of a vehicle.The new tax structure made it mandatory for the cars with an unladen weight within 1,000 kg to pay Rs 50,000 as tax. Before that the road tax was realised under two broad heads -- diesel driven vehicles were charged 5% of their cost while petrol driven were charged 2.5% of the cost. The cars, irrespective of their weight, were charged as per the prevalent rate.In 2009, tax structure was revived because UP was lagging behind neighbouring states like Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15794793", "title": "Golf\u2019s fashionista lets her clubs do the talking", "text": "A casual visitor to the Karnataka Golf Association (KGA) could be pardoned if she mistakes Sharmila Nicollet to have sauntered onto the course for a photo-shoot rather than for golf. Sharmila, fashionably attired and with her never-ending legs that could put a ramp-walker to shame, can easily pass off as a model. Those thoughts are soon dispelled once Sharmila gets cracking with her driver and irons after a short warm-up . With balls going beyond the 250-yard marker with regularity , hit much longer than most club members \u2014 men included \u2014 can, the visitor will have no choice but to look on in total awe. The Bangalorean, 5'11'' in her golf shoes, has been going from strength to strength after her sensational 15-shot victory in the Open Ladies section at the KGA as a 14-yearold seven years ago. On Friday at the KGA, which Sharmila refers to as her second home, the 21-year-old scripted a sensational come-from-behind win in the season-opening event on the Women's Indian Tour. Four shots behind leader Vani Kapoor, Sharmila came up with a sizzling show on the final day to win in a play-off . '' It feels great to start the season on a winning note,\" she said after the triumph. \"Coming from behind to win it was even more fantastic ,\" she added quickly, especially for someone who has been struggling to make cuts on the European Tour.In January, Sharmila, 20 then, became the youngest Indian to make the Ladies European Tour (LET) after coming through a gruelling 90-hole test in the final stage of qualifying. '' I had aimed to make the cut this year and my next aim would be to win on the LET,'' she had said then. Barring an event in South Africa and one in Morocco, the Bangalore sensation had failed to make the cut in nine other events on the LET. '' Weather conditions change tournament to tournament and it has been a tough learning experience,'' she pointed out. '' I need to raise my game to the next level if I've to succeed, but this year is going to be purely an experimental year.''Coach Tarun Sardesai, who carried her bags on the final day of the KGA tournament last week, said Sharmila has become more professional in her approach and would start doing well sooner rather than later. \"In the last year or so, a high level of maturity has come into her game,\" Sardesai said.A big hitter she isKnown for her big-hitting prowess, Sharmila probably started hitting long because she was constantly playing and matching skills with boys her age. As a teenager, she would outhit some of the boys at the KGA. In fact, putting seemed to take a backseat.Despite the handicap, Sharmila was still too good for her rivals, the 15-shot victory, her first Open victory, as a 14-year-old , stood testimony to that. Quite naturally, she became the top junior golfer in the country for two straight years and top amateur for two more years. In fact, she won all tournaments \u2014 nine \u2014 she entered in 2007, her last year as an amateur.After a year's break, Sharmila turned pro in 2009 and soon began dominating, winning the Order of Merit titles for two years in a row. After two wins in ten starts last season, Sharmila tried the LET Q-School and came through a nerve-racking fiveround thriller.Although Sharmila will be playing on the European Tour for the better part of the season, WGAI secretary-general Champika Sayal said that Sharmila's presence on the Indian tour was essential. \"It means a lot for her to be playing on the Indian tour,\" Sayal said. \"She is a good role model for younger players and Sharmila's image (read fashion) is important for golf in India,\" she added.It all comes naturallySharmila has been a natural at whatever she did \u2014 having tried her hand at swimming, athletics, tennis, basketball and horse riding before switching to golf. Fashion, too, seemed like second nature to her. \"I like dressing up, it embodies my personality and like to be a fashion icon, like Sania (Mirza) is to tennis,\" she says. \"Because of my sense of fashion and the way I dress, I promote the sport in all aspects and it is important to create awareness.\"\"My clubs normally do the talking ,\" she said, referring to the criticism . \"People may think I give more emphasis and time to fashion, but I don't give it more importance than my golf,\" she says.Although retaining her LET card and winning in Europe are her priorities , Sharmila has ideas of starting her own fashion line in two-three years. \"It's going to be for youngsters and starting one was always in the pipeline apart from my sporting goals,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15812671", "title": "Villagers protest pollution by Sesa's metallurgy plant in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Thousands of villagers from Navelim in Bicholim taluka of Goa today observed a day-long bandh against Sesa Goa's metallurgical coke plant in the village, claiming that it is polluting their surroundings.Police officials said the bandh which started at 7 am has remained peaceful till now. Locals were seen sloganeering on the road and blocked the entire stretch which connects Panaji to Bicholim taluka.Sundar Gawas, one of the protestor said that Sesa Goa had taken the entire village and state government for granted. He claimed that expansion of the existing facility of metallurgical coke plant has increased the pollution levels in the surroundings.\"We can see black dust power our food. God knows how much of such particles we have been inhaling,\" he said.Sesa Goa which has set up its plant here in the year 2006 has began expansion of their facility since this month. The company spokesman earlier had confessed that the high capacity diesel burners had misfired while pre-heating activity releasing black smoke in the air on August 17 and August 18.The villagers today claimed that the state pollution control board and even ministry of environment forest (MoEF) did not conduct any public hearing while allowing the expansion of the plant, which is mandatory according to law.The gram sabha held on Sunday had decided to hold one day bandh to attract attention towards the gross illegalities committed by the plant. The villagers claimed that the plant has been polluting their water sources.Sesa Goa Limited has been operating a 250,000 tonne pig iron manufacturing plant since 1992 and a 280,000 tonne metallurgical coke manufacturing plant since 1994 at Amona which was shifted to Navelim in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15819259", "title": "Coalgate: PM questions CAG, dares BJP to have debate in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: As BJP disrupted Parliament on the coal block issue, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday attacked the party and dared it to have a debate in the House to let the country judge the truth.Soon after he was disallowed to complete a statement he made in both Houses, he talked to reporters outside Parliament House, asserting that the government has a \"strong and credible case\" on the coal block allocations, which has come under criticism from the CAG.\"I am sorry that the House is not allowed to function and the BJP is determined to disrupt the proceedings of Parliament. I wish to assure the country that we have a very strong and credible case,\" Singh said.The Prime Minister said his policy is to maintain silence on \"motivated\" issues but this is one occasion where he \"ardently wished\" that he should be given the opportunity to speak to Parliament and to the public at large.Singh said the CAG's conclusions on the coal block allocations were \"disputable\".\"The observations of CAG are disputable and they will be challenged when the matter comes before the Parliamentary Accounts Committee,\" Singh said.He argued that a debate should take place in Parliament and the country can judge where the truth lies.\"Once again I appeal to the Opposition to come back to the House to debate on these issues and let the country judge where the truth lies,\" Singh said.He recited an Urdu couplet to drive home his point on his silence till now on the controversy.\"Hazaron jawabo se achchi hai Khamoshi meri, Na jaane kitne sawalo ki aabru rakhe.\" (My silence is better than a thousand answers, it keeps intact the honour of innumerable questions).Earlier, dubbing CAG's computation of loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore in coal block allocation as \"flawed\" and \"misleading\", Prime Minister Manmohan Singh took the battle to the opposition camp, blaming it for thwarting the Centre's effort to shift to competitive bidding.Making a statement in both Houses of Parliament amid uproar created by BJP members, Singh refused to be on the back foot, declaring that he takes \"full responsibility\" for the decisions taken as he contended that CAG's \"observations\" are \"clearly disputable\".With BJP creating disruptions, he read out a few portions of his four-page statement before laying it in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha which were repeatedly adjourned because of uproar.Conscious that the CAG reports are normally discussed in detail in the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament where the ministry concerned responds, Singh said he was departing from this established procedure \"because of the nature of the allegations that are being made and because I was holding the charge of coal minister for a part of the time covered by the report.\"Responding point-by-point to the CAG's observations, the Prime Minister said even if the government auditor's contention that benefits accrued to private companies were accepted, \"their computations can be questioned on a number of technical points.\"He asserted that aggregating the \"purported gains\" to private parties \"merely on the basis of the average production costs and sale price of CIL ( Coal India Limited ) could be highly misleading.\"As coal blocks were allocated to private companies only for captive purposes for specified end-uses, he said, it would not be appropriate to link the allocated blocks to the price of coal set by CIL.Meanwhile, senior BJP leader and former deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha Najma Heptullah said the Prime Minister's statement should not be considered by Parliament as there was no \"order\" in both the Houses when they were laid.\"According to me no statement was made today. When the House is not in order, the proceeding is not on record\", she told reporters outside Parliament.\"I have been deputy chairman for 18-19 years. I have said this repeatedly and today also I told the deputy chairman that...it is a rule, a convention and a record that if House is not in order, than no proceeding should not come to record,\" she said to buttress her point.Further, she accused the government of adopting two yardsticks as it allowed former telecom minister A Raja to resign following CAG report on 2G allocation but is shielding the prime minister on the coal allocation scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15793636", "title": "Goal, action plan, motivation: Chetan Bhagat's mantra to success", "text": "HUBLI: \"Everybody does their job and works hard, but hard work with proper direction will help individuals to achieve success in their life,\" was the call given by youth icon and author Chetan Bhagat in Hubli on Sunday evening.Speaking at the 'MBA Conclave-2012' organized by Sarvatra Inc to empower MBA aspirants in the region, Bhagat asked the students to develop self-confidence and motivation to achieve their long term goals.Bhagat, who was received with a resounding round of applause, gave students tips on setting goals, preparing action plans to reach the goal, having a defence mechanism to deal with failures and keeping faith in themselves in the face of failure.Taking a leaf out of his own life, Bhagat recalled how his first book had been rejected by nine publishers. \"It hurts me a lot, but I never stopped trying to reach the goal,\" he said, asking students to overcome hurt when they fail in exams or when they do not get seats in their desire college.He also recalled how he convinced his mother for his marriage to a non-Punjabi girl and called it the greatest success of his life. He advised students to avoid thinking of any goal as \"impossible\".\"Self-motivation is very important in all that we do. We should avoid negative thoughts and success is when you achieve something beyond your capacity,\" he said.When asked if he planned to join politics, Bhagat said that his medium to reach people was books and he would continue to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15796257", "title": "Ignou launches postgraduate diploma in food science", "text": "Keeping pace with the government's focus on food processing, the Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) is offering a new programme \u2014 postgraduate diploma in food science and technology at its School of Agriculture.\"The government has set up a National Mission of Food Processing and is giving priority to food processing. The aim of this programme is to develop human resource for the growing food processing sector and provide knowledge and technical competencies to address the emerging issues of processing, product development , food safety, marketing, export &amp; sustainable use of resources ,\" says MK Saluja, director, School of Agriculture.The one-year programme would cover areas such as food chemistry and nutrition, food microbiology, food processing and engineering, quality control and food packaging, among others. \"In the second semester, students can choose their specialisations under four categories \u2014 food and vegetable processing, meat, poultry and fish processing, dairy processing and cereal, pulses and oilseeds processing. Forty per cent of the academic component will focus on the practical aspect,\" he says.Ignou is also in the process of setting up a food processing lab. The lab will focus on building infrastructure for food processing and food analysis. \"The ministry of food processing industries has given Rs 75 lakh grant-in-aid to the university to establish a food processing lab for running this programme. This laboratory will be used as a model study centre for conducting the practical classes for students,\" he says. The practical classes will be conducted at the Ignou campus, New Delhi, and in some selected programme study centres . As part of the course, students have to compulsorily undergo a onemonth training.\"We have an expert panel and also faculty members from Ignou who have prepared the material and will be in touch with students for the contact classes,\" says Saluja.Graduates in agriculture/food technology/ dairy technology/ horticulture /home science/ agriculture engineering and science graduates with chemistry/ life science/ biotechnology/microbiology are eligible for the admission.Existing technicians, managers, food industry professionals and technologists can join the programme to strengthen their knowledge and technical proficiencies and to have a vertical career mobility. The last date for submission of application forms is September 10. For details, log on to the website, www.ignouonline.ac.in/safe", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796796", "title": "'Govt should bring peace to Assam'", "text": "PUNE: Bodo leaders, who are on a visit to the city, said that there should be a time-bound programme to solve the problem in Assam. Demanding that people in Assam who have lost their homes should get compensation, the leaders said that the Union government should come out with a short-term policy that would solve the present problems in the northeast, and a long-term policy that will permanently bring peace in the region.The leaders were invited by Sarhad, a city-based NGO to interact with the northeast people in the city. The interaction was organised at the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA).Pramod Boro, the president of the All India Bodo Students Union, Assam, said that there are several loopholes in the government's present policy. He said, \"In the short-term policy, the government must find out why this conflict in northeastern states, especially Assam, is taking place. They must find the real reason and arrive at some solutions.\" Boro also said that the government must provide security to people in the northeast. It will also help in confidence building, he added.He demanded that the people, whose houses were burnt in the fire during recent attacks, must be given proper compensation. \"The people who lost their houses are promised Rs 30,000, which is far too less. It's not possible to build a house in that amount. The government must pay a sufficient amount to these people.\"Among the long-term goals, U G Brahma, Bodo leader and former MP of Assam, said, \"We are not ready to face this situation again and again. For the past 30 years we have been fighting these attacks, hence a permanent policy is needed. We are optimists and we still have faith in the government.\"Brahma said that the identity of the northeastern people must be protected. Also, a scrutiny of migrants must be conducted and illegal migrants must be identified. The illegal migrants must be given a status for peace building. He said that a time-bound programme must be chalked out to solve the issues of the northeastern community in the region.Boro also suggested that a foreign policy must be formed to develop economic activity alongside the Assam-Bangladesh border. \"If the Bangladeshis get work along the border they may not come to India at all,\" he said.Muslim organizations reach out to Naga studentsMuslim organisations in Nagaland came to the city to address students from their region and spread the message of peace. Three organisation, namely: The Dimapur Muslim Public Forum (DMPF), Muslim Council of Dimapur and the Muslim Welfare society of Kohima interacted with students of Nagaland at the Ornella's High School in Nana Peth on Sunday morning. Shanawar Shaikh, president of DMPF, said, \"We have come to Pune on a goodwill mission and we urge all Muslims and Naga people to maintain peace.\" Over 200 students from Nagaland in the city were present for this meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15793942", "title": "'One drink a day ups cancer risk'", "text": "Binge drinkers are not the only ones who need to worry about the health implications of alcohol, even light drinking increases the cancer risk significantly, a new study has claimed.According to the study led by researchers from the University of Milan, just one alcoholic drink a day may increase the risk of cancer, adding that light drinking is estimated to be responsible for 34,000 deaths a year worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15798952", "title": "Emerging areas within the energy sector", "text": "The energy landscape in India has grown over the years to include areas such as thermal power generation, oil and gas, water and process technologies, renewables , digital energy, power electronics, industrial solutions and measurement &amp; controls, etc. For freshers, multiple career options are available from backgrounds such as engineering, commercial, services, sales, solutions, supply chain, sourcing, product management, sales &amp; marketing, etc. Employees have the opportunity to become domain experts, and also the option to move across businesses to take roles of increasing responsibility.INDUSTRY STATUSIndia has a huge deficit in electricity with frequent power outages. The economy is seeing a lot of opportunity in overall energy sector to augment power generation , transmission and distribution infrastructure with special focus on environmentally friendly technologies like supercritical steam power generation, renewable energy and distributed power. In fact, power, in addition with wind energy could potentially be 1/3 of the total capacity additions in the next four-five years. With the fuel constraints at the moment , we do expect gas-based power generation to pick up in the next three-five years.GROWTH AREASRenewables (solar, wind, biomass ), water, smart grid, oil and gas (technology in sub-sea O&G; drilling and production), etc, these are new areas, which should see significant growth in the coming years. Asset management, remote monitoring diagnostics, upgrades/retro-fits of installed PowerGen fleet and plant care services are some offerings, which we think will help people in India get more value from their existing assets.SKILL-SETS REQUIREDA strong foundation in engineering in fields like electrical, mechanical , power electronics, instrumentation with interest in power generation, oil and gas, transmission and distribution besides industries like mining, petrochemical, metal, etc, will require specialisation as per the specific job requirement. An overall view of the energy sector, economy, functional knowledge of economic costing models, financing, keen desire to keep learning and predicting trends to see where the industry is going is important.REMUNERATIONFresh engineers could start at approximately Rs 5-7 lakh per annum and with a few years of work experience, they could get anywhere between Rs 12 and Rs 15 lakh per annum.As told to Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15785162", "title": "Good response to Times Tambola", "text": "INDORE: Times Tambola Live has received a good response as people in large number turned up and enjoyed playing Live Tambola at Treasure Island Mall here on Sunday. Indoreans at the mall were enthusiastic and cheerful in mood as the game was being played by the Times Group. Those present on the occasion were quite happy on winning prizes, including those who made it to the full house in tambola.Sachine Kachole, a CS student who played it for the first time and won the full house, said these kinds of games should be conducted more and more in future. His friend Harsh Sharma won a prize by declaring first bottomline.Mayank Jain, a CA final year student, had a blast at the Live Times Tambola on his birthday as he came up to the dais and recited a song and received a big prize hamper.Children too seemed to be quite enthusiast at the event as Arushi Agrawal, 7, won full house at the Live Tambola.Mayank Bhave, an MBA student, said, \"I was just roaming around the mall and on learning about the event, I thought of participating. Luckily, I won early five prizes. I thoroughly enjoyed the event of Times Tambola and thanked them.\"Pooja Jain, a post office agent, says, \"I played tambola in the newspaper, but was always unlucky. Still, this time at Live Tambola, I was lucky to win a middle line prize and I enjoyed a lot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15781006", "title": "Marriage now made in heritage havens", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the city's awareness of its legacy becomes more acute, Amdavadis are borrowing some historical grandeur to make one of their life's most important events \u2014 weddings \u2014 even grander. Indeed, weddings themed on heritage is becoming ever more popular with the residents of Gujarat as well as with visiting NRGs.For such people, wedding planners offer two alternatives \u2014 the rural and the royal. \"In weddings inspired by the rural theme, the village scene is set up,\" says Maulin Vyas, a city-based wedding planner. \"We use kiosks with thatched roofs, khatiyas for seating, and additional lighting with the help of diyas and lanterns.\" Waiters in traditional attire serve ethnic food made on a chulha. \"To complete the look, a well can also be recreated,\" says Vyas. \"We make sure that the decor for all the wedding ceremonies complement the theme. Everything from invitation cards to the lehenga, jewellery and the doli is inspired by it.\"Those who want nuptials amid the majesty of heritage, an old palace or a pol house is chosen as the site of vows. Preeti Das and Jay Thakkar, who are mesmerized by the aesthetics of traditional buildings, got married in the House of MG.\"While the wedding took place in the House of MG, with a mandap set up in the chowk of the house, the reception took place in Agashiye,\" said Preeti. \"The entire building was used to take advantage of its beauty.\"The royal heritage theme makes a couple the prince and princess on their special day. \"To transform their fantasy into reality, the groom arrives with his jaan in an antique car, or an elephant, or a 12-horse cart,\" says Sanjay Mehta, an event manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15789445", "title": "Unidentified body found", "text": "HYDERABAD: The body of an unidentified male was found in the Hussainsagar surplus nala on Sunday.The highly decomposed body of the 40-year-old male, clad in red shirt, was found in the nala near Goshala in the morning. Locals noticed the body and alerted police.The body has been shifted to Gandhi Hospital for a post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798433", "title": "Process to shut Satpur liquor shops underway", "text": "NASHIK: Many women from Shivaji Nagar and Shramik Nagar (ward 17) in Satpur turned up to get their signatures verified for closing down the liquor shops in their ward on Saturday and Sunday.Senior Maharashtra state excise officers said as of now the process of verifying the signatures of those who presented a memorandum about the removal of the shops is underway.The excise department has made a temporary arrangement at the Indira Gandhi School in Satpur, wherein women who have given their signatures on the memorandum about closing the liquor shops in the ward, are getting verified.Over 25 excise officials were deployed in Satpur for the verification process.Over the past few months, the city has seen quite a few instances of people demanding removal of liquor shops in their respective areas. A few months ago, corporator Dinkar Patil of ward 17 had staged an agitation in front of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's head office---Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan----for removing the two country liquor shops in his area.Excise officers informed that for removing a shop the department has to go through a set of procedures, in which the residents first present a memorandum with their signatures for closing down the shop, followed by the verification of the signatures and finally holding a secret ballot to decide on closing down the shops.If not less than 25% of the women voters or total voters in any ward of the municipal corporation give a representation in writing to the superintendent of state excise concerned about closing down a liquor shop in the said ward, the signatures on the application are verified. If the signatures are found to be correct, a secret election takes place to decide on closing down the shop.The department concerned uses the latest voters' list for this election which is held under the supervision of an officer not below the rank of deputy chief officer or assistant commissioner. Excise officers said the ballot paper comprises two options---a symbol of a 'standing bottle' for keeping the licensed liquor shop open and another symbol of a 'horizontal bottle' for closing down the shop.According to reports, a few months ago the state excise department had been given a 342-page memorandum signed by nearly 6,000 women to demand the closure of the liquor shop.Superintendent of the Maharashtra state excise department J B Patil said that soon after the signatures are scrutinized and found to be correct, the next procedure of election for closing down the shops would be taken up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15786808", "title": "Sparrow far from fading out: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: The house sparrow is still very much a part of Delhi's landscape. Its numbers might seem on the decline, but findings of 'Citizen Sparrow' \u2014 a national survey to understand the population dynamics of house sparrows \u2014 paint a brighter picture. In Delhi, there were 627 records from people on whether they had seen a sparrow. While 50% to 60% of the respondents had seen the bird occasionally, 22% had seen them almost all the time in certain localities. Only 17% reported no sightings.Citizen Sparrow shared the distribution trends in Delhi with TOI immediately after they wrapped up the first phase of their study. Nationally, 9975 observations were made from 7966 locations across the country. The sightings were high in tier-2 cities and towns but very thin in metros.\"It gives us hope that a majority of the respondents in Delhi had seen sparrows even if they spotted them occasionally. Sightings from north and south Delhi were reported very rarely,\" said research associate, nature conservation society and co-investigator, Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), Citizen Sparrow project, Koustubh Sharma.Most sightings were from west Delhi, specially Dwarka and Rohini, but not too many from Mayur Vihar. Lots of people also reported to have seen them regularly in Gurgaon, Greater Noida and trans-Yamuna area. \"It's very interesting that people have hardly reported any sightings from north and south Delhi and very few from central Delhi as well. This can be directly linked to the fact that sparrows don't like manicured gardens. Usually in south Delhi colonies, gardens are manicured and there is regular spraying of insecticides. Sparrows cannot find soft insects to feed on. There is only one sighting reported from Panchsheel Enclave, which points to the skewed distribution of these birds in Delhi. Also the population has definitely reduced after 1995,\" Koustubh added.Strangely not too many sightings were reported from Old Delhi either. One sighting was reported from Jahanpanah City Forest and one from Timarpur. The reason for a thinning population in Old Delhi could be the competition from pigeons.Since Greater Noida and Gurgaon are newly urbanized areas, they still retain characteristics of the erstwhile agrarian landscape. That may have got something to do with higher sparrow sightings. However, the team will analyse the findings of their survey in the coming months to conclude the reasons behind thinning numbers and patchy distribution. The analytical report will be released next year.Citizen Sparrow is a public participatory project that is run by Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), MOEF and conservation organizations across the country. It was started in April 2012 and was supposed to be run for April and May but the team is continuing to get responses from people.Interestingly, the Delhi government recently declared the house sparrow to be the 'state bird' and a bio-indicator species of the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15780130", "title": "Away from Bihar? Check your updated land record", "text": "PATNA: Internet savvy landowning Biharis from the state's nine districts, living abroad, in the country's metros or other towns, or even within Bihar, don't have to run from pillar to post for their updated land records. They can now see the details of their updated land records online, as these have been put on the website of Bihar revenue and land reforms department.With this, the website has received thousands of hits. \"We, in fact, have received 40,000 visits and comments of such landowners on our website,\" said the department secretary cum director of special revisional land survey exercise, Hukum Singh Meena, adding: \"Two days ago, a visitor was from New York belonging to Madhubani district.\"The nine of the 38 districts whose updated land records have been put online are Darbhanga, Madhubani, Bhagalpur, Bhojpur, Buxar, Rohtas, Kishanganj, Muzaffarpur and Katihar. The remaining districts' records would be made online by December-end.The last time any major survey had been conducted was the cadastral survey of 1905. The revisional survey was started in the 1960s after the government abolished zamindari in 1950 and passed the land ceiling Act, but not all the districts were covered. Besides, both the 1905 and revisional surveys were faulty.\"The revisional survey being done now would update records of all kinds of land, both government and private. Revisional survey maps of land would also be prepared after their aerial photography using hybrid survey methodology (HSM),\" Meena said.According to him, the aerial survey is being conducted by letting an aeroplane, fitted with digital geo-positioning system (DGPS) and other equipment at its bottom, fly at a certain height. \"The job has been assigned to an agency,\" Meena said.The photographs of land so taken are verified and matched with available land maps and data procured through land survey. \"The margin of error in the aerial photography has been found to be minimal,\" Meena said.Accordingly, digitization of 14,672 revenue maps of Bhojpur, Buxar, Rohtas and Kaimur districts, as well as 1,152 such maps of Musahari block of Muzaffarpur district, are complete, and the process for their uploading on the department's website has also started.When the updated land records, along with their digitized revenue maps, of all the 38 districts are put online, it would help people in getting soft copies of land possession certificate (LPC) and mutation certificate of land within shortest legally prescribed time. Moreover, since every circle office would be linked to the registration department through computers, if a person sells a land to a person and it is registered in the name of the purchaser, then the former cannot resell or re-register it in the name of any other person.The process regarding updating of land records, preparation of the digitized maps of land and their uploading pertaining to all the districts would be completed by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782881", "title": "Navy officer was close to Geetika, say Kanda &amp; Aruna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have come across another character in the Geetika suicide case. They are now looking for Captain Varun, a navy man, who had apparently shared close relations with the former airhostess.After disgraced Sirsa MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda and his employee Aruna Chaddha have mentioned Varun's name during interrogation, cops are planning to ask him to join investigation as he could throw light on the problems Geetika was facing.It is also suspected that Geetika might have met him a few days before her death and discussed the problem Kanda was creating for her. Cops have already asked her family for Varun's e-mail address.Sources also said cops were planning to question a woman who ran a massage centre in Sirsa. She is said to be close to Kanda, who allegedly had business dealings with her.An interrogator also said Kanda had been breaking down often during the questioning. The 'lock-up life' has begun to get to him and he has cried more than four times in the past few days.According to sources, Kanda said, \"What is this? You never take me out. Make me sit in this damp room and ask stupid questions. What has my life come to? Don't worry, my good times will come back again.\" The former Haryana minister has reportedly been asked interrogators to take him out as he had been questioned enough and there was nothing more for him to tell them.After questioning Kanda's family and MDLR employees, police said it was due to Kanda's alleged nefarious activities that his wife, too, had stopped coming to the office. \"She was given a chamber in the office but later Kanda gave that to Geetika and Aruna Chaddha. This had ticked her off. Also, Ankita's sister, Shweta, has told police that Ankita had gone to Kanda's office with her dozen friends for an interview and, to their surprise, Kanda hired them all.Kanda told cops that he worshipped Tara Baba who had advised him not to indulge in wrongful activities. He said maybe, his bad times were a result of not following his guru.Police also conducted raids in Gurgaon on Sunday to recover the three cellphones used by Geetika and Kanda. Sources said they had recovered one phone on Kanda's instance but did not say if it was used by Geetika.Police are trying to gather evidence to establish the sequence of events which they would establish as the 'harassment' and 'cheating' leading to Geetika's suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784303", "title": "Work on two flyovers yet to begin", "text": "BHOPAL: Not even a single brick has been laid at the construction sites of the two flyovers to be constructed from the GAD square to the Moti Masjid in the old city.Both bridges are to be built under the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS). The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has taken measurements and mapped the areas where the pillars are to be installed, BMC officials said. Even after the delay, they expect that the work is likely to be completed by 2013.\"The construction of all bridges will be completed by 2013. We have taken measurement and mapped the areas where the pillars should be installed at the GAD square flyover. Similarly, the construction of the Moti-Masjid flyover will begin soon. The work was delayed as some formalities for this FOB were pending,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.However, flaw in the design has caused yet another one month delay in the construction of the flyover to be built from Curfew Mata Mandir to Moti-Masjid, BMC sources revealed.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan laid foundation stones to commence the construction of these two bridges in January this year, but the work is yet to begin.The two-lane Moti-Masjid fly-over bridge will be around 640 m long and 10 m wide. This bridge will extend from Curfew Mata Mandir to Moti-Masjid and is costing around Rs. 15.11 crore. The GAD fly-over bridge is a four-lane bridge with length of 560 m and width of 16 m. It is costing around Rs 17.45 crore and will from Hamidia hospital to GAD square.Rail over-bridge (ROB)The ROB construction at the Habibganj was delayed due to the opposition form the Bhopal School of Social Science (BSSS). The BSSS administration opposed the first design of the ROB because, as per the old design, the education institution would have to demolish its girl's hostel building. On the other hand, the corporation did not approve the design proposed by the BSSS administration.However, despite problems in the new design, the corporation has begun the construction of the bridge as per the new design, which passes from between the college building and the girl's hostel. The bridge is expected to be over by 2013.The trumpet-shaped bridge is 24 m long and 990 m long. The bridge is to be completed in two years at an estimated cost of Rs 38.62 crore. The ROB is constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) to complete the 24-km long Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor in Bhopal.The ROB to come up at Habibganj under-bridge will bifurcate in two directions. One extending from RRL tri-junction to Arera Colony near the Ganesh temple crossing the railway line and the other will connect RRL tri-junction to the Bhopal fracture hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15785226", "title": "Congress accuses Naveen of lying on coal scam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Congress unit on Sunday accused chief minister Naveen Patnaik of misleading people in the controversy surrounding the CAG's report on coal block allocation and adopting a \"double standard\".\"Naveen is telling lie in coal block allocation matter. His government was opposing the auction-based coal block allocation and recommended to the Centre for allotment of 32 coal blocks to 56 private companies. All these recommendations for private companies including 11 from outside the state were done prior to 2009,\" said Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee (OPCC) president Niranjan Patnaik.Naveen in a statement earlier this week had clarified that his government had been pressing for auction-based allocation of all mineral resources.Talking to mediapersons here, the PCC chief said the tall claim of Naveen government's transparency had been completely exposed in the matter. Naveen should come clean on this, he said.The PCC chief said the Congress had planned to organize a mass rally in front of the assembly on September 6 to highlight the issue and demand resignation of the chief minister. The rally will also highlight the government's failure to provide seeds and fertilizers to farmers and showing favour to private companies to build ports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15786980", "title": "Power crisis: YSR Congress Party calls for bandh on Aug 31", "text": "HYDERABAD: The YSR Congress Party has called for a state bandh on August 31 to protest the government's failure in solving the unprecedented power crisis. As a precursor to the bandh, the party would also launch a series of demonstration starting August 28 by laying siege to power sub-stations at the mandal level. \"The party activists will cut power supply to the government offices apart from laying siege to the sub-stations,\" a party leader said. The party rank and file would stage dharnas and rallies across the state between August 28 and 30.Senior party leader M V Mysoora Reddy, who demanded a white paper on the power situation, said the bandh call was necessary as the government was being callous about the massive crisis which has directlyaffected the lives of lakhs of farmers, farm labourers, weavers, students and industrialists. \"The state is reeling under an unprecedented power crisis. There is no politics in calling for the statewide bandh,\" said Mysoora Reddy. He said due to severe energy crisis, all sections of people were facing problems.Demands special budget for dalitsWhile welcoming the move to accord statutory status to SC/ST sub-plan, the YSR Congress on Sunday demanded that the state government announce a special budget for dalits to ensure that the benefits reach the target groups and take stringent action against those officials responsible for diverting the funds. \"The report of the cabinet sub-committee notwithstanding, the crux of the problem is that funds earmarked for SC/ST development are being diverted. This can be checked only when a special budget is introduced for the purpose,\" said YSRCP MLC Judpudi Prabhakar Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15783378", "title": "Consumer's plea against 'defective' cylinder rejected", "text": "PANAJI: A woman from St Estevam, lost her case before the Goa state consumers disputes redressal commission seeking compensation from a gas company and its distributor due to the loss caused by fire after alleged leakage of a cylinder.The Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission dismissed the complaint of Karishma Dias from St Estevem against a Marcela-based gas distributor, gas company Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited and National Insurance Company Limited.Dias had claimed 95-lakh with interest after she and her husband Petwyn Dias suffered serious burn injuries allegedly due to leakage in their gas cylinder on May 10, 2006. Her husband succumbed to his injuries in the Goa Medical College on May 16, 2006.Dias stated that while cleaning the kitchen cabinet, there was fire which was ignited due to the gas that was accumulated by a leakage in the gas cylinder, resulting in serious injuries to Dias and her husband.Subsequently, the complainant along with her mother-in-law approached the gas dealer and the company and sought compensation. However, no compensation was paid even after giving an assurance. Claiming that her husband was the sole breadwinner of the family, Dias also said the leaky gas cylinder amounted to \"defect in goods\" or \"deficiency-in-service\".The opposite parties denied Dias had a gas connection in her name and pointed out that the gas connection was actually in the name of Fatima Dias. The latter is the mother-in-law of the complainant. The opposite parties also said that the report obtained from the state fire and emergency department stated that the \"supposed cause of the fire was not known.\"While pointing out that the complaint was barred by law of limitations, the opposite parties denied that defective cylinder was supplied as all the cylinders were thoroughly checked for any defect before leaving the HPCL sales plant.After going through the case, the Goa state consumer disputes commission found loopholes in Dias's case. The commission noted that \"on the point of limitation there is a definite delay of three days in filing this complaint. The complainant has not filed any application for condonation of delay explaining the cause for the aforesaid delay of three days as is required under Section 24A of the Consumer Protection Act, 1986.\"The commission also noted that Dias had failed to explain \"glaring contradictions\" in reports submitted by the state fire and emergency services, which gave two different opinions in two different reports on the same incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15812389", "title": "The Bhatts\u2019 big fat Bollywood celebration", "text": "The Bhatts - Mukesh and Mahesh Bhatt are getting ready for what promises to be one of the most lavish celebrations ever seen in the Indian entertainment industry.To celebrate 25 years of existence of the Bhatts' banner Vishesh Films, the Bhatts are planning a jamboree designed like the opening of Mera Naam Joker where all the people who made a difference to the protagonist's life were invited under the same roof.Laughs Mukesh Bhatt joyously, \"Yes, Jeena yahan marna yahan indeed. On June 5, Vishesh Films completed 25 years. We're planning a very big celebration cum party where we want all those who've ever been associated with Vishesh Films to come.\"While Mukesh was reluctant to reveal more details, we came to know from sources that the party would read like a who's who of the entertainment industry. Says our source, \"Everyone from Mr Bachchan to Emraan Hashmi would be personally invited. The Bhatts have never believed in a show of strength. They've quietly gone and introduced some of the biggest talent in the industry. But this time when it's the banner's silver jubilee, the Bhatts are in the mood for self congratulation.\"We hear there will be a parade of talent at the party to be held. Says our source, \"All the actors from Rahul Roy and Anu Aggarwal in Aashiqi to Esha Gupta in the forthcoming Jannat 2, and all the directors from Vikram Bhatt in Fareb to Vishal Mahadkar in Blood Money would be called on stage.\"Says Mukesh, \"25 years and 58 films, not bad, huh? We want to share the moment with the entire industry and specially with all the actors, directors, technicians and music directors whom we've introduced.\"Adds Mahesh Bhatt, \"25 years and it's time to contemplate one's impact on the world. I'd this time make an exception and do some retrospection in spite of my personal motto: never look back. But the fact of the matter is, it's for others to make an honest assessment of our journey.\"Mukesh Bhatt proudly reveals this is the 84th year in the Hindi film industry for the Bhatt clan. \"My father Nanabhai Bhatt began directing films in the silent era in 1928. He went from the silent to the talkies era. Then me and my brother have produced an aggregate of nearly 70 films. Now in 2012 we're ready to release our first 3D film Raaz 3 and mind you, it is not a fake 3D film. We haven't converted a 2D film into 3D. We shot the film in the 3D format. This is the 25th year of Vishesh Films. Grant us the luxury of feeling proud. The Bhatts have been around for 84 of the 100 years of Indian cinema's existence. No film family can claim this achievement.\"Happily for the Bhatts, Mukesh's son Vishesh makes his directorial debut with Murder 3 this year. Mukesh thinks Randeep and Sara Loren would burn up the screen when the film releases. \"Their chemistry has to be seen to be believed. I left the choice of heroine completely to my son Vishesh who makes his directorial debut in Murder 3 . Fortunately, he has a mind of his own which he uses judiciously. The first shock he gave me was when I read his script. It was unlike anything our banner or for that matter, anything tried by Hindi cinema before. The second shock Vishesh gave me was when he announced he wanted Randeep and not Emraan for the male lead. Considering Emmy is our own in-house hero it was really surprising. But then we need to get the banner out of a straitjacket. We need fresh talent that would steer Vishesh Films into new directions. No point in doing our trademark films over and over again. When audiences see what my son has done in Murder 3 they will be shocked beyond belief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15796058", "title": "Applications for Film Studies", "text": "The University of Southampton's faculty of humanities is inviting applications for its film studies undergraduate and postgraduate degree courses for September 2013 entry. The programme aims to teach students the latest developments in film by worldclass researchers and eminent published experts, in areas ranging from early film to contemporary Hollywood blockbusters.Commenting on the programme , Tim Bergfelder (head of film studies), said, \"Film studies has been taught in this university for almost 30 years, and our programmes have been consistently assessed in league tables as being among the best in the country in terms of the quality of our teaching and research, and particularly in terms of student support.Film is offered as a single honours degree and as a combined honours degree with English, history, philosophy or modern languages (French, German or Spanish). The faculty offers a range of undergraduate programmes , which include BA film and English (three years); BA film and French (four years); BA film and German (four years); BA film and History (three years); BA film and philosophy (three years); BA film and Spanish (four years); BA film studies (three years). The faculty also offers postgraduate programmes \u2014 MA in film studies (one-year full-time or two-year part-time ) and MA in film and cultural management (one-year fulltime or two-year part-time ). This innovative programme provides a deeper understanding of the film industry in the UK and globally and is designed for students who wish to combine study of film at postgraduate level with a knowledge of cultural management. \"Apart from the undergraduate and postgraduate programmes, we also offer a 'PhD by distance learning ,' and a four-year integrated PhD, which combines taught elements in the first year with the more traditional PhD format in subsequent years,\" said Bergfelder.Candidates who wish to enrol for the course can apply through the universities and colleges admissions service (UCAS). Visit www.ucas.com for the same. The deadline to apply is end of June 2013. Further information on the eligibility criteria and the fee structure can be found at the school's website www.southampton.ac.uk/film. Further enquiries can be sent to ugapply.fh@southampton.ac.uk (for undergraduate admission enquiries); pgafh@southampton.ac.uk (for postgraduate admission enquiries).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785937", "title": "Elephant rejuvenation camp to be shifted to Mettupalayam", "text": "COIMBATORE: From November-December this year, temple elephants across the state will not be taken in trucks through the difficult ghat sections of Nilgiris for the annual vacation-cum-rejuvenation camp in Theppakkad. The pachyderms will be able to relax and rejuvenate in Mettupalayam, on the banks of river Bhavani.The Department of Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) has decided to shift the camp to serene Nellimalai village close to Vanabadrakaliamman temple in Mettupalayam keeping due to the risk involved in transporting more than 45 temple elephants through the ghat sections to Theppakkad, besides depleting water levels in the River Moyar which flows in Nilgiris. Apart from the salubrious climate and adequate fodder in the plains, Nellimalai offers plenty of water from the upper Bhavani.HR &amp; CE Minister M S M Anandan, who visited the locality on Saturday, has given his go ahead to the proposal from department and forest authorities and directed all concerned to start the required construction woks very soon. M Rajaram, secretary to Government for Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments, has already conducted an inspection of the locality. It was on his recommendation that the minister had visited the site.The location is perfect to conduct the camp. Compared to Theppakkad, it has plenty of water and the environment is calm and serene. The climate is also conducive,'' said the minister. The proposed camp is easily accessible from Coimbatore, Salem, Erode and Sathyamangalam. Better road connectivity is another advantage. Proximity to the famous Vanabadrakaliamman temple is also favourable.The rejuvenation camp slated to begin in November will have accommodation facilities for all participating elephants and their mahouts and cavadis. Facilities for cooking and medical aid will be arranged along with access to the river for the elephants to bathe. The camp will be a 48-day affair and all temple and mutt elephants in the state will participate. There will be special night patrolling by forest trackers to monitor the elephants and curtail the entry of other animals into the camp.It was in November 2003, the then J Jayalalithaa government had brought out a scheme to conduct rejuvenation camps for elephants on hearing about an old temple elephant in Chennai. Later, the scheme was scrapped by the DMK regime. After that, eight temple elephants in the state had died due to various reasons, including lack of healthcare. After returning to power, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa resumed the rejuvenation project last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "parigi", "code": "15789713", "title": "Woman kills self, takes kids along", "text": "PARIGI: A woman ended her life along with her two children in Parigi mandal in Rangareddy district on Sunday following alleged harassment from police. The police reacted swiftly and booked the circle inspector Shivshankar even as the relatives of the woman demanded his immediate suspension .The victim, Lakshmi, along with her children jumped into a well on the outskirts of Naskal village in the late hours of Saturday. Their bodies were fished out from the water on Sunday morning. Sources said Lakshmi took the drastic step after the cops interrogated her on Saturday evening over her husband Kurava Raju's role in a theft case in the village. Raju was taken away by the cops five days ago for questioning.Despite Lakshmi's pleas of her husband's innocence, police kept him in illegal detention. Saturday's questioning of Lakshmi was the last straw as she could not bear the humiliation, a relative said.A pall of gloom descended on the village over the three deaths in the family.Meanwhile, in the FIR, it was mentioned that Lakshmi had committed suicide because of CI's harassment. It is learnt that senior officials asked the inspector to report at the Vikarabad DSP office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796730", "title": "3 drown in separate incidents", "text": "PUNE: Three teenagers, including a college student, drowned in two separate incidents in Pune district on Saturday.The first incident took place in the backwaters of the Bhatghar dam in Bhor taluka around 60 kms from here on Saturday afternoon.The Bhor police said that on Saturday morning, 14 members of a family from Pune had come to their relative's house in Bhor taluka. In the afternoon all of them had gone to Kurunji village to visit a temple.\"Post lunch, college student Priyanka Ravindra Chorghe (19), her sister Nathu (12) and cousin Pratiksha Narayan Chorghe (21) entered the backwaters of the dam,\" said assistant police inspector Asaram Chormale.He said that the trio did not realise the depth of the water and soon began drowning. \"Pratiksha's father jumped into the water and managed to rescue Pratiksha and Nathu. But, Priyanka drowned,\" Chormale said.The police and local swimmers, Chandu Pawar, Arun Pawar, Janardan Sangle, located her body on late Saturday night around 11 pm, Chormale said.Her body was handed over to her parents after post mortem. \"We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Chormale said.It may be recalled that on August 19, Sakshi Ravidnra Pawar, an 11-year-old school student from Pune, drowned at Thoseghar waterfall in Satara. Her body was traced after five days.Meanwhile, in another incident, Sonal Chabu Avchite (14) and her sister Apeksha (12), both from Sanaswadi, drowned in a small lake near Sanaswadi. Their bodies were fished out in the evening by the Shikrapur police and the local people.The police said on Saturday after school was over, both of the sisters had gone to the lake located near Nareshwar temple in Sanaswadi for washing clothes.The police suspect that one of them may have entered the lake and begun drowning. In trying to help her, the other girl too entered the lake, and both drowned. The incident came to light after some local people noticed their school bags and clothes.The Shikrapur police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15797700", "title": "Excise officials, cops bust illegal distillery in Dhanbad", "text": "DHANBAD:Officials of Excise department and Muffasil police station of Giridih on Sunday noon unearthed an illicit distillery at Handadih village,6 kms from district headquarters.A team of Excise and police raided the village and found wrappers of liquors being manufactured by leading companies from the village.They also recovered a truck load of illicit liquor which was scheduled to be sold as foreign made liquor.The police also seized thousands of bottles of reputed companies.They arrested three people-Subhash,Santosh and Rajesh.Police claimed the illicit liquor manufacturer-Sunil managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796508", "title": "Ornaments worth Rs 2.4Lakh stolen from jewellery shop", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke into a jewellery shop in Vadgaonsheri and stole gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 2.41 lakh, during the early hours of Sunday. Kailas Kumavat (30) of Ganeshnagar, Vadgaonsheri, has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Yerawada police station.Senior police inspector Kishor Jadhav told TOI that Kumavat's shop, Savliya jewellers, is located in Ganeshnagar. His residence is in the same building. \"On Sunday, around 8.30 am, Kumavat's wife Shanti noticed that the lock on the back door of the shop was broken,\" Jadhav said.Shanti immediately informed her husband about the incident, who in turn informed the police. \"The suspects had broken the locks on three doors to enter the shop,\" Jadhav said.He said that the suspects had stolen 5 kg of silver ornaments worth Rs 1.56 lakh and 34 g of gold ornaments of Rs 85,000. They also tried to break the safe in the shop, but failed to open it, he added.Jadhav said that the police suspect the involvement of a person known to Kumavat. \"It is not easy for a stranger to go to the back of the shop and break open three doors,\" Jadhav said.He said that the police checked the CCTV cameras in the shop, but none of them were working. \"We also summoned the dog squad, but it failed to trace the trail of the suspect,\" Jadhav said.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-IV) Sanjay Jadhav visited the spot. Inspector Shahaji Shinde is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779430", "title": "To sell or not to, Gulbarg Society now a divided house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Should Gulbarg Society be sold off like any other property, or should it be turned into a memorial for victims of the 2002 Gujarat riots? After all, 69 people were killed here in the post-Godhra riots, including former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri.Today, many residents want to sell off their homes and move on. But another group is with activist Teesta Setalvad who wants to see a memorial here.The issue came up recently when police officials started investigating into Rais Khan, a former aide of Setalvad, accusing her of defamation. While deposing before the cops, one of the residents said there was an offer to buy the property for Rs 1.84 crore in 2007 but Setalvad had persuaded them not to go ahead with the deal.Sharif Shaikh, who got the 2007 offer, said, \"Setalvad wanted to make a museum of the society like the one in Germany for Holocaust survivors. It was finalized that her organization would make the payment to us within months and valuation was also done. Five years have passed and we are back to square one.\"Another witness, Nadeem Vohra, says, \"I want to buy a flat, but I am unable to dispose of my Gulbarg property. I am not against making a museum,\" he adds and says other members too are looking to sell.Among those who want to retain their houses here are Jafri's son Tanvir, Kasam Noor Mansuri whose family is the only one still living in Gulbarg and the only Parsi family of Dara Mody on whose missing son the film 'Parzania' was made.\"We will do whatever Setalvad decides. If a museum or a hospital is built, we can at least visit the place,\" Mody said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15795580", "title": "Ganga again rising; boating banned", "text": "VARANASI: The holy Ganga is again rising and the district administration has banned the operation of boats from August 25. Around 500 boatmen and their families are out of work.\"When the boating is banned, most of us spend time on the ghats watching the level of Ganga,\" Vinod, a boatman said. The owners of the boat do not face much problem but the rowers get engaged in other works such as labourers and vendors, he added.Akhil Bhartiya Nishad Bind Kashyap Mahasabha president Shiv Nishad said that an average boatman suffers a daily loss of Rs 500 to Rs 1,500 when the river is in spate. \"As compared to last year when the level started increasing from June, we are in a better situation this year,\" he added. The level of Ganga generally starts increasing in July and the trend continues till the end of monsoon. The district administration bans boating with the river is in spate.This year, the district administration had imposed a ban on boating on August 11. It continued till August 22 as the water level started decreasing. Now, fresh ban has been imposed from August 25, till further orders.Shiv said that over 500 boatmen row around 300 big and small boats in the seven-kilometre stretch of Ganga in the city. \"Many boatmen from Mirzapur, Kaithi, Chandauli and other neighbouring areas also come to the city in hope of making money as the city attracts a large number of tourists,\" he added.According to the Middle Ganga Division-3 of Central Water Commission, the river receded up to 2.610 metres from August 15 to 22. But the level started rising again from August 24. The river was also on the rise in Mirzapur, Ghazipur and Ballia on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15795412", "title": "Fleet taxi fares may go up by Rs 4", "text": "MUMBAI: It is not only ordinary taxis and autos which will benefit from a fare hike if the Hakim committee recommendations are accepted by the government. The fares for Cool Cabs and fleet taxis are also set to increase by Rs 4 subsequently, sources said.The present fare for Cool Cabs is Rs 21 and it is likely to increase to Rs 25, while fleet taxi fares may rise from Rs 24 to Rs 28, the sources stated.\"Travelling in Mumbai will certainly become expensive if the government approves the recommendations of the Hakim panel report and announces a fare hike in a few weeks,\" said a senior transport official. He stated that the report is now uploaded on the transport commissioner's website. \"We will invite suggestions from unions, consumer activists and commuters before deciding what to accept and what to reject,\" the official stated.In his report, former Union secretary P M A Hakim mentioned: \"The Cool Cab fares should be maintained at 25% of the ordinary taxi fare.\"So , if taxi fares are increased from Rs 17 to Rs 20, the Cool Cab fare will automatically be hiked to Rs 25 for the minimum distance.Fleet taxi operators like Meru had made a representation to the Hakim committee and demanded not only an increase in fares, but also increase in waiting time charges and making the minimum distance 5 km. In his report, Hakim observed, \"Representatives of fleet taxi operators have made a representation to the committee that the fare structure applicable to their services should also be revised as they are not able to meet all costs with the existing fare structure. This does not form part of the terms of reference of the committee. It is, however, expected that once the fare structure for ordinary taxis is revised, the government would consider revising the fare structure applicable for fleet taxi services also.\"Sources said the basic fare for fleet cabs could go up from Rs 24 to Rs 28 and the night charges from Rs 30 to Rs 35.Prepaid cabs: Service charge?Somit SenMUMBAI: Service charges for prepaid taxis at the domestic/ international airports and outside stations like Mumbai CST, Dadar, Mumbai Central, Bandra Terminus and LTT may be hiked by at least Rs 5, if the recommendations of the Hakim committee report are accepted by the government.The report said: \"The service charges payable now are Rs 10 for ordinary prepaid taxis and Rs 15 for prepaid Cool Cabs that operate from airports. It is proposed to increase this uniformly to Rs 20 for services from airports and to Rs 15 for services from other places, like railway stations.\"Hakim found that additional fares payable as per the prepaid tariff chart (depending on distance) were not uniform in respect of services operated from the two airports and therefore needed rationalization. The committee has proposed a new fare structure for prepaid cabs in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15792881", "title": "\u2018Infrastructure must grow with population rise\u2019", "text": "As the former chief town planner with HUDA, HSIIDC, and the chief coordinator planner, NCR of Delhi (Hr), Raj V Singh has over 33 years of experience in formulation of detailed development plans of towns. His job involved several policy decisions relating to zoning/building bye-laws/controls, specially those relating to residential, shopping malls and multiplexes. Specialization in identification of sites for residential, commercial, industrial and other such projects, their viability and processing of various permissions required under the various state and Central Acts applicable in Haryana.Singh talks to Tanushree Roy Chowdhury about what goes into making a master plan and the last three master plans of Gurgaon.Three master plans in five years, what it means in terms of urban planning? Do master plans have any timeline for achieving goals? Town plans are prepared for a period 20 years, keeping in mind the future needs of the city. At the most they can be judiciously reviewed after 10 years to see if something has gone seriously wrong.The three plans entail an increase in population \u2014 37 lakh for 2021, 39.7 lakh for 2025 and 41.65 lakh for 2031 \u2014 and hence increase in the area under residential zone. Are the required changes in the master plans substantial or merely cosmetic?Area under various land use is based on the population estimate. Hence, any change in population must be reflected proportionately in the area under a particular land use. However, in case of Gurgaon, neither the population estimate is governed by any urbanization policy of state (there is none), the NCR Plan 2021, realistic population projections (estimation minus the speculation demand), nor the area of land use fixed as per the UDPFI guide lines.Analysts and political experts say such changes are primarily to benefit speculators, realtors and land owners. How far do you think this is true? Planning of Gurgaon certainly benefits speculators and realtors but not the land-owning farmers. The state government policy forces them to sell their land to realtors to escape their acquisition by HUDA.Considering the progress on the master plans in the past five years since February 2007 (final Master Plan 2021), do you think the goals set up are achievable? Given the present power and water crisis in Gurgaon-Manesar region, do you think the master plans would prove to be enough by the time the population of the city touches 42 lakh as projected in the Master Plan 2031? As per the Census 2011 the population of Gurgaon is 15,140,85 only, however, according to the Draft Master Plan 2031, it is estimated to touch 41.65 lakh in the next 20 years. This means the population will double before the next Census in 2021. Gurgaon can never have such a population, although realtors may obtain licences considering the projected rise. The requisite urban infrastructure or compact urban development will be missing. Gurgaon's water supply is dependent on canal water meant for agriculture purpose being diverted for the purpose. Power situation in Haryana is dismal with a daily power shortage of 264 lakh units. The situation is not likely to improve by 2031 when the per capita demand will also increase.How good is the coordination between the planning departments like the town and country planning department and executing departments like HUDA, MCG? There is lack of co-ordination between the planning and executing departments. HUDA cannot keep pace with the licences granted to realtors by the TCP department. Poor quality of development works and centralization of power in a few hands in the state capital is adversely affecting people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15792856", "title": "Statecon 2012 expo sees good footfall", "text": "MANGALORE: The two-day 'Statecon 2012' organized by the Confederation of Real Estate and Developers' Association of India (Credai), Karnataka chapter here with the theme 'Home for all' gave a glimpse of the demand in the housing sector. The exhibition where 42 builders had put up their stalls, had close to 10,000 footfall and 4,220 confirmed inquiries for dwelling units - indicating a good conversion ratio of 50%.William D'Souza, a committee member of the Mangalore chapter of Credai, told TOI, \"Of the 4,220 inquiries till 5pm on Sunday, there were 30 bookings worth Rs15 to Rs 20 crore . Of these as many as 118 inquiries were for ready to occupy apartments,'' he added.The stalls of two banks - State Bank of India and Mangalore-based Corporation Bank- received more than 300 inquiries for home loans. While Corp Bank got the maximum of confirmed inquiries of 98, SBI had 62.D'Souza said enthused by the success of the event they would hold another property show.\"We will invite major banks to come and participate with special interest rates,'' he added.PMA Razak, president of the Mangalore chapter of Credai said, \"The success of the event showed builders, who did not participate in the event, the potential of such an expo. They too will join us next time.\"The villament project by SPAS Infrastructures also had lot of inquiries but no confirmations.Kavinand Pinto, sales manager of the firm said, \"There were nearly 100 inquiries for the villament at Shakt hinagar. The customers told us they would like to see the project site and decide. Some genuinely interested ones did not have the budget,'' he added.The 150 villament project started in May and the first of 75 villaments will be completed by September 2014. The 2,300 to 2,800 built up units will cost Rs 3,700 per sq ft.There was a bonanza for travel agencies also with several of them receiving confirmation for 62 tours and 150 passport inquiries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "15796221", "title": "Chhattisgarh eliminates farmer suicides by fudging death data", "text": "RAIPUR: The sky is overcast. The fields are lush with paddy. A good harvest beckons and to complete the picture of a rural idyll, Chhattisgarh has posted zero farmer suicides for the year 2011. For a state that has consistently reported the highest rate of farmer suicides in India, with 1773 cases in 2008, 1802 in 2009, and 1126 in 2010, eliminating farmer suicides would be a thundering achievement. But a ground investigation shows this may be nothing more than a statistical feat.Half an hour's drive from the state capital, in Seoni village in Abhanpur, Tulsi Ram Gond's world came apart last year when his baby daughter was diagnosed with a hole in her heart. The hospital gave an estimate of one and half lakh rupees for the surgery. \"He was told the government helps out in such cases but he didn't know where to go looking for help,\" says Durpad Bai, Tulsi Ram's mother. On the night of 18th December 2012, the 30-year-old tribal farmer gulped pesticide in his small brick quarter, dying within hours; his baby daughter died a few months later. Within days, a dozen claimants, including representatives of the local bank, the village society and countless others, showed up at the doorstep demanding repayment for loans worth 1,85,500 rupees.Poverty, mounting debt, catastrophic health expenses - the marg jayaram or death register maintained by the local police station records the circumstances of Tulsi Ram's death in great detail, along with the fact that he did not own the land he cultivated, and was a khetihar mazdoor or farm labourer. In reality, he was a sharecropper, cultivating 4 acres of borrowed land. It isn't clear whether Tulsi Ram was finally categorized by the local police as 'Farmer', or 'Other', but the saal tamaam or annual report prepared by Abhanpur police, and seen by TOI, records 12 cases of farmer suicides in 2011. This report was sent to the police headquarters in Raipur, but as the final state-wide compilation submitted to the National Crime Records Bureau shows, the data was lost in transmission.Defending the discrepancies, the additional director-general of police, Ram Niwas, says, \"We found that constables in police stations were making mistakes in entering data. Even traders and businessmen were being shown as farmers. So we have corrected the mistakes in the police headquarters.\"Those tracking farmer suicides are not surprised. \"States are fudging data to conceal the extent of farmer suicides, either at the primary level, or at the state level,\" says Dr G V Ramanjaneyulu, agricultural scientist at the Centre for Sustainable Agriculture. Analysis of Chhattisgarh's data by Right to Food activist Manas Ranjan shows that while suicides listed under the category of 'Self-employed (Farming/Agriculture)' have been decreasing, suicides listed under the category of 'Self-employed (Other)' and 'Other' have been rising, indicating that farmer suicides are simply being concealed under categories that are less noticeable and less politically sensitive.Despite reporting the highest rate of farmer suicides in India for years, there are no clear studies documenting farming distress in Chhattisgarh. On the surface, farming in the predominantly paddy-growing state is less insecure, compared with the neighbouring cotton-growing region of Vidarbha. The state government buys bulk of the paddy produce at ever-rising minimum support prices. But agricultural expert Sanket Thakur has pointed out that paddy growers of Chhattisgarh are typically small and marginal farmers, and if not the vagaries of market, the vagaries of monsoon are enough to bring them down.In the first week of 2012, Sevak Ram, a farmer in Khapri village in Baloda Bazaar district, walked out of his home to attend to his fields, but was found next morning in the meadows, dangling from a palaash tree. His family and friends speak in muted tones when asked why he ended his life. No reason, they say. But as the conversation turns to the state of agriculture, they become animated, discussing the rising prices of fertilizers and pesticides, and the uncertainty of rains and crop returns. \"It didn't rain enough last year. We only managed to harvest half the crop,\" says Jayant Ram, Sevak Ram's brother. At the local police station, last year's death register records 25 suicides, of which 7 are listed as 'Housewives', one as 'Student', another as 'Unemployed', and the remaining 16 are simply noted as 'agyaat' or 'unknown'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15786796", "title": "Telltale RDX tattoos do gang members in", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A gang of 'image-conscious' vehicle lifters, had 'RDX' tattooed on their body to impress other thieves, but this very spot of 'body art' led to their getting arrested. They had been introducing themselves as the deadly 'RDX gang.' It was these tattoos only that did the gang in, as police was tipped off about the suspicious activities of a gang member who had 'RDX' inked on his neck. The mastermind of the gang, Ravi, alias Paddu, was wanted in 16 cases including attempt to murder, vehicle thefts and robberies.According to police sources, Ravi while he was in police custody claimed, \"I, along with my other associates wanted to look different from other gangsters when in jail. The idea to stand apart from others came to his mind during his jail term in December, 2011.\" Accused Ravi has an 'RDX' tattoo on his neck and his right arm, and his other accomplices Mohammed Sehbaj, Gaurav and Narinder have similar tattoos on their wrists, shoulders and other body parts.The mastermind Ravi was arrested while he was riding a stolen motorcycle near railway station on August 24. He was remanded to police custody for three days. The other gang members were arrested on his disclosure statement.Inspector Ranjit Singh Dhillon said a total 16 crime cases including thefts of electronic items, household goods and jewellery were solved after the arrest of the gang members. Accused Gaurav, Narinder and Sehbaj were sent to judicial custody on August 24, he added.Ravi has also jumped bail in seven cases out of 16 registered against him. A police party of the Sector 31 police station took him into its custody in connection with four theft cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15812676", "title": "Consulting committee at SP Jain organizes consulting workshop", "text": "MUMBAI: The consulting committee, 2012, which is an integral part of the ADMAP (Assessment and Development of managerial and Administrative Potential) at SP Jain Institute of Management and Research, organised a guest lecture on consulting for management students.The ADMAP Program is like an experimental laboratory where students get to work in committees with their peer group. This gives them a dry run of the situations they might face when they join different organisations in the future. The consulting committee, one of the such committees, formed at the institute helps in empowering students about the consulting industry by creating awareness and interest in them and facilitates development of consulting skills and competencies.Karan Ahuja, strategic management practitioner and trainer at a consulting firm, conducted a workshop for the post graduate diploma in management (PGDM) students at SPJIMR. Ahuja connected with the audience effectively and acquainted them with the challenges and opportunities that are faced by a consultant. Starting with the basic fundamentals, he explained what consulting is and why companies need consultants. This encompassed the neutral third party perspective and an in-depth knowledge of the industry.The workshop also provided the students with an opportunity to take the fitment tool test (self-assessment) which enables a person to find out the type of consulting which suits his/her aptitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796143", "title": "'State lacks seriousness in tackling tackling drought'", "text": "PUNE: BJP leader Gopinath Munde on Sunday said the state government was not serious about tackling the drought situation, one of the worst in the history of Maharashtra. Munde asked if Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , who is the chairman of the empowered group of ministers on drought, holds any power to decide on drought mitigation fund.\"The CM and deputy CM recently had a meeting with the Prime Minister on drought, but it ended without any concrete outcome. In fact, the Centre asked the state to re-submit the proposal on drought. When Pawar is the chairman of the empowered group of ministers on drought, why is the announcement of fund for the statebeing delayed? It appears that Pawar does not have any power to take decision\" Munde asked while speaking to reporters on the sidelines of an award distribution function here.He said the opposition leaders should have been involved at the meeting with the PM.Expressing concern about the law and order situation in the state, Citing the violence at Azad Maidan in Mumbai this month,Munde said, \"The state has not seen a home minister as weak as R R Patil . Patil should not remain in the post.\" He refuted rumors that he received invitation from the Congress and said, \"I am going to remain with the BJP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15783034", "title": "Villagers want RP2021 rectified", "text": "MARGAO: At the special gram sabha of the Cansaulim Arossim Cuelim village panchayat on Sunday, villagers unanimously adopted a resolution demanding the removal of the proposed railway loop connecting the South Western Railway (Vasco line) to the Konkan Railway (Verna line) passing through Cuelim and Velsao from the notified RP 2021 .The villagers said that the proposed loop will \"disturb the ecological and sociological balance, where the tribal communities are going to be drastically affected.\"\"The railway loop connecting SWR to KR would destroy agriculture, pisciculture and both the kharif and rabi crops in the villages of Cuelim and Velsao, which would affect mainly the OBC and ST agrarian communities,\" members said.The gram sabha also adopted a resolution that all proposed internal road widths of 10m should be scrapped, and that all village roads be maintained at 5m road width only, inclusive of shouldering and drains.A resolution was also passed to include in the RP 2021 a road at Tontem Morod for the benefit of residents of the locality.Alleging various discrepancies in the notified RP 2021, the gram sabha members demanded that areas between 200m high tide line and 500m high tide line be marked as \"orchard\" as these areas were traditionally used for toddy tapping, and also had a few houses of the toddy tappers and fishermen community.The gram sabha further resolved that if the various changes as suggested by the panchayat are not effected and the plan not brought to its original status as recommended by the gram sabha, appropriate legal action will be taken by the panchayat.Minister for forests and environment, Alina Saldanha, who was present for the gram sabha, assured the villagers that she would apprise the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , of the anomalies in the RP 2021, and try to get them \"rectified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15786701", "title": "Prashant\u2019s part in win makes Chandigarh proud", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a proud moment for right-hand batsman Prashant Chopra's parents and scores of budding cricketers, as the under-19 India team lifted the World Cup at Tony Ireland stadium at Townsville (Australia) this afternoon (as per Indian standard time). They had all gathered at the Sector 16 cricket stadium-- where Prashant has been practicing for the last four years -- after the victory. The efforts of the city lad and the under-19 team turned the atmosphere festive, with victory being celebrated with \"ladoos.\"Shiv Chopra, Prashant's proud father, who is also a cricket coach said,\"We were expecting to win the cup, though it was very disappointing to watch him (Prashant) return to the pavilion without opening his account in the final match. But his contribution in the last matches, especially his patient 52 runs off 104 balls, in the semi-final, played a pivotal role in the team's success. This has been a team effort and I am proud that my son was a part of this team,\" smiled Shiv.Prashant, who made 172 runs in six matches including three fifties in this world cup, had made his under-19 debut in Australia in a quadrangular series this year in April.Utkarsh Kumar, who has also been practicing cricket along with Prashant in the Sector 16 stadium said, \"He is a very down-to-earth player who even after getting selected in the under-19 team had no airs.\"Beas Chopra, Prashant's mother, who is also a volleyball coach shared, \"His terrific performance affirms that the urge to win can take you to great heights. We've been getting congratulatory calls from relatives and friends since the win.\" His mates, who have been practicing with him, too are awaiting his return and have planned a big bash for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15795901", "title": "BCCI doles out cash for Under-19 players", "text": "MUMBAI: The BCCI on Sunday announced a cash prize of Rs 20 lakh each for members of the Indian team which lifted its third Under-19 World Cup title in Townsville after defeating defending champions Australia.BCCI President N Srinivasan congratulated the team, which was led superbly by unbeaten centurion skipper Unmukt Chand in the final against the defending champions.\"Many congratulations to the Indian team for winning the ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup . We won the 'senior' World Cup last year, and now our boys have triumphed in the junior version of the tournament.\"This is a great day for Indian cricket. The Board would like to announce a cash prize of Rs 20 lakh to each player, and Rs 15 lakh to each member of the support staff,\" Srinivasan said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784234", "title": "5 suspected H1N1 case test reports awaited today", "text": "BHOPAL: District health officials anxiously await test reports of five suspected swine flu cases from the city on Monday. Another suspected swine flu sample of a woman was sent to the Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) at Jabalpur on Sunday. Reports have been delayed as RMRC has been shut for fumigation.According to district health officials, a 40-year-old woman with suspected swine flu infection is being treated at a private hospital in the city. The woman, a resident of Raisen, has shown symptoms of swine flu and is in critical condition, said a health official.So far this year, H1N1 virus has led to two deaths in Bhopal with five confirmed positive for swine flu.MP health department is already on swine flu alert after cases of influenza H1N1 virus - commonly known as swine flu - have come to light in the in the past two weeks.According to RMRC sources, tests for swine flu will resume on Monday. RMRC is the only accredited facility in the state for swine flu testing.District health officials have in the past, asked for swine flu testing facility at Bhopal memorial hospital and research centre (BMHRC) to be accredited. \"RMRC can only handle 45 tests per day. To handle an outbreak alternative sites are needed,\" said a senior health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15797958", "title": "Melavalavu panchayat chief attacked, tension in village", "text": "MADURAI: President of Melavalavu panchayat was stabbed in the back by a man near Madurai on Sunday evening. Following the incident, Vijayaragavan (45), the president of Melavalavu panchayat has been admitted to a private hospital in a critical state. The attack has sparked tension in the communally-sensitive village and large posse of police personnel have been rushed to Melavalavu.The accused has been identified as Vimal Raj (30), son of former president of the panchayat Murugesan, who was slain by a gang in 1997. Melavalavu was infamous for the brutal murder of six dalits, including the then panchayat president Murugesan in 1997 by the dominant non-dalits.\"Vimal is on the run. We have launched a hunt for him. Only after his arrest we can establish the motive,\" said superintendent of police, V Balakrishnan, who visited the spot and conducted inquiries.Police said that Vijayaragavan, belonging to the dominant non-dalit community was riding his motorcycle in the village around 7.30pm when Vimal intercepted him and sought a lift. Vijayaragavan acknowledged and took him in the motorcycle. However, when the motorcycle reached an isolated spot, Vimal stabbed Vijayaragavan in the back and fled the spot. He collapsed in a pool of blood. Villagers hearing the cries of the man rushed there and took him to the hospital. His condition is stated to be critical.Vimal's father, Murugesan contested the panchayat elections and won in 1996 despite opposition from non-dalit land owning Thevars. The panchayat with a majority Thevar votes was made a reserved constituency leaving Thevars unable to contest the elections though they were majority. They attempted to stall the elections by threatening the dalits, who were workers in their lands. They nursed a grudge against Murugesan who won the elections. A gang intercepted Murugesan who was travelling in a bus in 1997 and hacked him to death. Five other dalits were also killed then that fanned communal rivalry in the village.Subsequently, the panchayat was dereserved and Vijayaragavan won the recent polls.\"It is not clear whether the murder was to avenge the killing of Murugesan,\" a police officer said. Vijayaragavan was also one of accused in the murder of Murugesan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15809861", "title": "AK Hangal: The Chacha in every story", "text": "Veteran film writer Ali Peter John remembers his association with AK HangalHaving met him several times, over the last 40 years, I noticed a few things about AK Hangal that were unforgettable. Firstly, he would never be in a bad mood. He would always wear impeccable clothes that he would proudly declare were designed and stitched by him. His smile never changed. And lastly, the most interesting thing about him were the stories he told us about himself and the people he had come across.There was one story in particular that he would recall several times. It was about him being thrown in jail in pre-partition Pakistan. Hangal had taken part in a rally to protest the hanging of Bhagat Singh. The authorities released him on one condition - that he would leave Pakistan and settle in India. This, he gladly accepted - \" Mera dil hamesha Hindustan mein hi tha, aur main har dam ek sachcha Hindustani tha, dil se \", he often said.He had once told me about his journey to Bombay and the starting of his career as an actor with the IPTA (Indian People's Theatre Association). He took great pleasure in narrating the story of his life - of days when he worked as a 'cutter' in a tailoring shop at Flora Fountain. Senior actors like Prithviraj Kapoor and Balraj Sahni would come to him when they wanted a good suit stitched. \"I was known as the best cutter and was paid a royal sum of Rs 300 per month which was a very big amount and was not paid to any other cutter, I think anywhere in Bombay at that time,\" he would say. He spent half his salary in promoting theater through IPTA and the other half on his family. He talked about 'simple living and high thinking' which made him buy a one bed room flat in a building called Saraswati Sadan in Santacruz where he lived with his wife and only son, Vijay who went on to become a very good photographer.I kept asking him about his career in Hindi cinema and he insisted that we did it mainly because of the money, which was 'very good'. He was not very happy with the kind of roles offered to him, but he himself explained why he could not get the best parts. \"How could they offer me the role of a hero or any character that required all the qualities of a young man when I had started acting in films at forty?\"But AK Hangal was happy with any work that came his way. \"I wasn't happy at all with the quality of work, but at a certain stage I realised money was very important in life and all the values, messages and other high sounding principles could not get your daily breakfast, lunch and dinner,\" he explained.His favourite roles were in the films made by Hrishikesh Mukherjee, Basu Chatterjee and Gulzar. One of his best roles, he mentioned was in Shaukeen, wherein he shared the leading roles with two of his favourite actors - Ashok Kumar (or Dadamoni as he would call him) and Utpal Dutt. Once he mentioned, how he was a kind of 'pickle' in most films - the stories were simply not complete without him.Though he was one of the busiest character artistes for almost 35 years, he objected to being labeled as one. His argument would be - \"Don't the other actors have character?\"He was the happiest on stage. When he wouldn't be shooting, he would be at Prithvi theatre. He would encourage young actors and directors till he fell ill at 95. It was his love for acting that made him take up small assignments. But he would never charge fees for them.It was only after his wife passed away that I saw him break down. His son Vijay's wife passed away 15 days later. And life was never the same again. But AK Hangal, in his own words, was an actor who could, \"give my life to live my life as an actor\".Shabana Azmi - co-star and close friend \"He was a very close friend of my family. He costarred with my mother in several plays by IPTA. He was committed to using art as an instrument of social change and was in the forefront of all demonstrations and protests held on social issues. He used to be a tailor, and till the very end dressed nattily and stitched his own suits. He played a wily godman in Shatranj Ke Mohre to perfection, as also a film producer in Sagar Sarhadi's Tanhai opposite my mum (Shaukat Azmi). I'd rate Sholay, Deewar and Arjun among his most memorable roles. He was a perfectionist and would ask so many questions about his character that all at IPTA would tease me if I asked too many questions and say, 'Hangal ho gayi ho kya? '. He was a progressive liberal and a secular individual. We will all miss him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "15788949", "title": "Post-nude photo leak, Harry offered $10m for porn film?", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Britain's Prince Harry has reportedly been offered $10 million to star in a porn film.The British royal is being lined to appear in an adult movie called 'The Trouble With Harry' based on his naked antics in Las Vegas last weekend, reported TMZ online. Vivid Entertainment's Steve Hirsch has sent a letter to the royal palace in London detailing his full offer to the 'party Prince'. \"We assure you the sex will be well-scripted, and the crown jewels will not be 'minimized' in any way,\" Steve wrote.The 27-year-old fun-loving royal caused a stir when nude photographs of him playing a game of strip-billiards were published online this week.He has reportedly since been given a \"stern telling-off\" from the royal family and was ordered to make a public apology. \"Harry regrets the embarrassment he has caused the royal family around the world and plans on apologizing for his antics. He got a stern telling-off from his father, Prince Charles, as well as the Queen , who reminded him of his responsibilities as a member of the Royal Family,\" a source said. He is due to make a statement before London's Paralympic Games on August 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "farmingdale", "code": "15779680", "title": "Calm Sergio Garcia makes merry at Bethpage", "text": "FARMINGDALE: Sergio Garcia stayed cool as the Black Course at the Bethpage State Park here began showing its true colours on Saturday, the third round of The Barclays , the first of the Playoffs in the FedEx Cup.As some of the world's best golfers huffed and puffed their way through the 18 holes, the Spaniard kept his nerves and now stands alone in the lead at 10-under 203.Nick Watney , who was the co-leader with Garcia after Round Two, could do no better than par and occupies the second spot at eight-under 205.The man who defied the course and made a big charge on the day was Kevin Stadler , whose six-under catapulted him into third position going into the final round. He is one stroke behind Watney while the US duo of Brandt Snedeker and Bob Estes are tied at fifth a further shot behind.Four golfers make a bunch at tied sixth with five-under \u2014 Brian Harman, Ryan Moore (both US), Greg Chalmers and John Senden (both Australia).Garcia, who is looking for his third-career victory at The Barclays, last week converted a one-stroke 54-hole lead into victory at the Wyndham Championship, his eighth PGA Tour title.Watney, who has twice come from behind to win PGA Tour events, began the day brightly with a birdie on the first hole. He kept promising much through the front nine and, like Friday, was in the lead for a good period of the day.He slipped badly in the back nine and let go of the advantage. His four bogeys while coming back made it a tortuous day for him.Stadler, the portly 32-year-old son of 13-time PGA Tour winner Craig Stadler , made a quiet surge even as the fans focussed on the big guns and the leaders. Tiger Woods , who battled a back niggle through Friday and Saturday, could not make the run he so often does when in sight of the leaders.As many as five bogeys undid the four birdies he mustered and now at tied 10th, six adrift off the leader, Woods just has an outside chance of making a title bid.A lot will depend on how his back holds up. Another top name which fizzled out on the day was Vijay Singh . Well placed at tied third after Round Two, Singh made a hash of it with two double bogeys besides three bogeys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782745", "title": "FCI, South East Central Railway in a quandary over excess grain supply", "text": "NAGPUR: Food Corporation of India (FCI) and South East Central Railway (SECR) are at loggerheads over blocking of freight train movement, since FCI is not lifting the transported material.Since FCI is grappling with excess supply of foodgrains and very less demand, it has failed to lift the material from the railway godown and move it to its godowns. SECR senior divisional commercial manager (SrDCM) Pradeep Kumar said FCI delay in lifting material has led to congestion on routes and loss of manpower.According to sources, FCI receives foodgrains from Balaghat and Narsinghpur for distribution in Chandrapur and Gadchiroli districts. On August 21, a rake with 42 wagons containing 2,700 metric tonnes (MT) foodgrains reached Wadsa, but FCI did not lift the material. The goods train was held up for 58 hours.FCI rebooked the rake and returned the material, but did not pay demurrage charges to SECR worth over 8 lakh at a rate of 600 per hour per wagon.On August 24, another rake laden with foodgrains in 58 wagons arrived at Wadsa. The goods train has been held up for more than 60 hours. It has also led to stranding of some fertilizer-laden rakes at Arjuni.\"We have not received a positive response from FCI. The train has been held up and is causing congestion. We have intimated the Railway Board not to book FCI material,\" said Kumar.FCI general manager DM Parmesh did not respond to calls. Area manager AK Paswan claimed to have paid around 25 lakh towards demurrage to SECR. \"FCI is grappling with more supply than demand. We are facing a similar problem across Maharashtra,\" he said.\"Our godowns in Wadsa and Brahmapuri, having capacity of 6,000 mt and 9,500 mt respectively, are overflowing and hence the problem,\" Paswan said.The FCI official said the monthly demand for foodgrains is 10,000-12,000 mt, but we have a huge surplus.\"We have foodgrains stock for three months. The higher-ups have been informed about the situation. We expect to improve the situation soon,\" Paswan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15787053", "title": "Coalgate: Sriprakash Jaiswal allotted 35 coal blocks without screening panel\u2019s nod, BJP MP says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal has emerged as one of the UPA government's leading firefighters against the opposition onslaught on irregularities in coal block allocations, his own role in issuing some of these mines have come under the scanner.BJP's Lok Sabha MP Hansraj Ahir, who has been at the forefront of exposing massive irregularities in coal block allocations, has written to the prime minister accusing Jaiswal of allocating coal blocks to 35 private companies without mandatory sanction by the screening committee.More importantly, he has alleged that Jaiswal sanctioned coal blocks to three private companies \u2014 SKS Ispat &Power;, CG Sponge Manufacturers Consortium Coalfield and API Ispat &amp; Powertech \u2014 and a JV of Coal India in late 2011 without any auction, despite the new rules for auction of coal blocks coming into effect in 2010.\"I have written to the prime minister demanding an investigation into the allotments undertaken by Jaiswal which were against the law, and in some cases a clear case of economic crime,\" Ahir told TOI. \"The PM must discharge his duty by ordering an immediate investigation into the minister's conduct,\" he added.When contacted, Jaiswal denied the allegations. \"The question does not arise. I have not allocated any blocks to anybody,\" he said. On the allegation that he allocated blocks to four companies without auction, the minister said it was \"rubbish\".Ahir said the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Bill, which makes auction mandatory for allocating coal mines, was passed by Parliament in August 2010 and was notified in September in the official gazette. The BJP MP said Jaiswal allotted coal blocks to the three companies in October and November 2011, after the new rule had come into effect.The attack on Jaiswal comes even as he has emerged among the leading defenders of UPA government in countering political attacks from the opposition and the backlash produced by CAG audit that has estimated a loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore because of irregularities in coal block allocations. On Friday, he had appeared alongside finance minister P Chidambaram and law minister Salman Khurshid to rubbish CAG findings, and to claim that there was zero loss to the exchequer.On Saturday, Jaiswal stepped up his offensive, saying there was a conspiracy involving some \"constitutional agencies and big personalities\" to tarnish the image of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. \"The prime minister is known for his exemplary honesty and integrity and those alleging a multi-crore coal mining scam are making baseless accusations and disrupting Parliament for petty politics,\" he said at a press conference.With Ahir directly accusing Jaiswal of wrongdoing, it will further rupture the political stategy unleashed by UPA to defend itself against 'Coalgate'. More importantly, it raises questions if the PM will look at Jaiswal's role in the alleged allocations and take action against him.Jaiswal took charge of the coal portfolio in 2009, and has since then allegedly allotted coal blocks to 35 private companies without necessary sanction from the screening committee. Ahir claimed that the ministry has not even held a meeting of the committee since 2008. But what is more serious is Ahir's allegations of a criminal act in allotting coal blocks to three private companies despite auction becoming mandatory.Ahir, in his letter, has asked the PM to cancel all allotments undertaken by Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15783120", "title": "Sports complex at CWG Village may open by Sept", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sports complex at Commonwealth Games Village may finally be thrown open to the public by September first week. The 21-acre complex boasts well-equipped gymnasiums, athletics track fields, a swimming pool, courts for table tennis, basketball and volleyball, and football and cricket grounds. The state-of-the-art spa built for the Games may also be opened to the public, making it the second complex in the capital to have the facility after the Vasant Kunj DDA Sports Complex. Delhi Development Authority (DDA) officials said there would not be any membership to begin with, and the facilities could be availed of by the public under the pay-and-play scheme. \"Charges will be nominal,'' said an official.DDA officials clarified that all the facilities may not be opened by September; while some like the gymnasiums were complete, the cricket ground was not yet ready. Work on the boundary wall around the sports complex is still going on, and officials said it would be completed in a few weeks. Officials said heavy rain in the last few weeks had held up work on the boundary wall and cricket grounds, both of which were already under a tight deadline. DDA had initially planned to open the sports complex earlier this year, but then said more time was required.The sports equipment at the complex, brought initially for athletes during Commonwealth Games in October 2010, has been gathering dust. The land agency said they wanted to create more facilities in the sports complex before opening it the public. As the complex will be completely airconditioned, the rates will be decided after taking into account maintenance costs. People who want to avail of the facilities will have to pay on a hourly basis, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15783414", "title": "Heavy rains expected to lash Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The city had received only about 10.0mm of rainfall during the last five days, including two dry days on Thursday and Friday, but on Sunday morning, the meteorological centre at Altinho recorded 33.9mm during the past 24 hours till 8.30am.Heavy rains lashed the capital city and other parts of the state on Sunday morning after several days of respite. \"During the nine-hour period itself from 8.30am to 5.30pm on Sunday, the city received 40.0mm,\" a source said.Dabolim received the highest amount of rainfall of 55.2mm during the last 24 hours up to Sunday morning. Margao received 46.1mm, Canacona 45.8mm, Sanguem 36.4mm, Valpoi 36.2mm and other places less.The forecast for the next 24 hours is that rain or thundershowers are likely at most places in Goa. There is also a heavy rainfall warning, as heavy rain could occur at a few isolated places in Goa during the next 48 hours.The total seasonal rainfall has reached 2251.2mm (almost 90 inches) till Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15786934", "title": "Youths \u2018kidnap\u2019 pesky teen", "text": "CHANDIGARH: That the city is not a safe place at night came to the fore once again on Saturday, when four youths were so annoyed with a teenaged boy, whom they bumped into at a kiosk near ISBT in Sector 17, that they reportedly kidnapped him. He was not just pulled into the car roughly but was later thrown out of the car in another sector. The youths got irked with the teen, when he reportedly demanded money from them.The incident triggered panic in the area and an auto-rickshaw driver present there quickly informed the police control room. Ankeshwar, 17, was manhandled by the unidentified youths, who bundled him in to their black-coloured Accent car. It was at this point that another boy, who was with the teen, threw a stone at the car, breaking its windowpane.The incident took place around 1.30am and later the victim was thrown from the car near the cricket stadium roundabout in Sector 16. Police recovered the vehicle bearing a Chandigarh registration number (CH-03L-1434) from the residential area of Sector 23 at 2.05am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "saurabh tewari, producer of madhubala , the tv serial on colors, where ak hangal recently made his last appearance as an actor, writes about his experiences with the 90-plus veteran actor", "code": "15813484", "title": "Hangal saab made 'Madhubala' special for us: Saurabh Tewari", "text": "Saurabh Tewari, producer of Madhubala , the TV serial on Colors, where AK Hangal recently made his last appearance as an actor, writes about his experiences with the 90-plus veteran actor:Almost three months back on 25th May, I met Hangal saab for the first time at his house. We had an important sequence in our a show where a legendary personality from film industry was supposed to name the protagonist of the show.A day back my production head suggested that we approach Hangal saab for that role. So finally i reached his house but all the expectations came crashing down when i saw a weak and frail Hangal saab resting on bed. Seeing his condition, I immediately dropped the idea, felt it will be inhuman to take him to the set. Last image of Hangal saab which was there in my mind was that of film Lagaan but that was 10 years back. As i was about to leave, he slowly raised his hand and called me close, with glitter in his eyes, murmured to his son, \" Issey kaho role toh samjhaaye .\" That moment was the defining one. If at age of 98 this man had such killer spirit that he still wants to face the camera, then who are we to stop him.Call time was 7pm and exact 7:15 Hangalsaab reported on the set.. looking as handsome as he was in Basuda's Shaukeen . Keeping his age in mind, my director Ravindra Gautam and I decided that we will not give him many lines. But the actor in him caught us. After carefully listening to the scene he asked us where is the mic and then said let's do the rehearsal first. And then started one of the most divine experience of our life.... Hangal saab with help of the make up guy did the touch up and was ready for shoot. Pindrop silence, almost everyone on the set had tears in their eyes as most of us had a dark fear somewhere at the back of our minds.... that what we are going to see now will probably be the last performance of the grand old man of Indian cinema.The shot got over and I escorted Hangal saab to the car and while sitting in the car he murmured in my ears - \" Kuch kami reh gayee ho toh maaf kar dena\" . I just touched his feet and couldn't say any thing... That was the humility of a veteran who acted in more than 200 films.He left the set but we remained numb for hours. Next day his son Vijay Ji called me and said - \"You know Hangal saab was smiling throughout on our way back and on reaching home he said, 'People still want me to act... I still get offers.'Today standing at Pawan Hans crematorium, no one had tears in their eyes because how can you mourn the death of a person who lived every moment of his life.... Cremation time was 1 pm and Hangal saab who was always punctual, reported on time and his cremation started at exactly at 1 pm without waiting for any VIPs.Hangal saab , you made Madhubala special for all of us.... Thank you sir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15795153", "title": "Karnataka Cooperative Milk-Producers\u2019 Federation\u2019s cattle feed deal reeks of scam", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Cooperative Milk-Producers ' Federation (KMF) recently approved a deal for the purchase of an unprecedented quantity of cottonseed cake at inflated prices, indicating a possible multi-crore scam and a Rs 10-crore kickback.Cottonseed cake is used in the manufacture of cattle feed. It is estimated that the KMF requires 3,500 metric tonne (MT) of cottonseed cake every month. But documents with The Times of Indiashow that KMF procured eight times more \u2014 about 28,000 MT of cottonseed cake \u2014 from AP-based suppliers by paying Rs 30 crore in July alone.Records under lensThe government is examining the records on the purchase of cattle feed by KMF at higher prices. We will soon take a decision on what next to do.\u2014 B J Puttaswamy | Cooperation ministerKMF facing its first scam?Cottonseed cake procurement of an unprecedented quantity and at high prices has led to intense speculation that the Karnataka Cooperative Milk-P roducers ' Federation (KMF) could be seeing its first big scam .KMF is headed by Bellary strongman G Somashekara Reddy , who is currently jailed in cash-for-bail scam .Its directors P Nagaraju , G P Revanna Siddappa , S C Ashok and Ashwathnarayan told TOI: \"The average price of cottonseed cake ranges from Rs 11,000 to 14,000 per MT. But 14,600 MT of cottonseed cake was purchased at a price of Rs 27,100 per MT on July 27. Another 14,100 MT was procured on July 12 at a price of Rs 20,650 per MT.\"\"In contrast to July purchases , those made during the first four months of this year were normal and in accordance with rules . But the huge July procurement was made at high prices . An estimated kickback up to Rs 10 crore has been received by the beneficiaries ,\" they alleged .According to sources , Somashekara allegedly cleared the file to procure cottonseed cake a few days before his arrest . Somashekara , brother of jailed mining baron and former minister G Janardhana Reddy , was arrested by the Anti-Corruption Bureau of Andhra Pradesh on August 6 in the cash-for-bail scam . He was charged with bribing a judge to secure bail to his brother .The annual cost incurred by the KMF for the procurement of cottonseed cake is estimated to be Rs 30 crore . But the controversial deal has resulted in the federation spending an additional Rs 30 crore for July alone .\"Never have I come across such a huge scam in my association of several years with KMF. The KMF is the only government organization free of scams . However , two officials who were part of the July deal have brought taint to the organization ,\" Nagaraju said .The federation directors have submitted a memo to the government , seeking a probe into the purchases . Besides cottonseed cake , rice brawn , rice polish , molasses , maize , salt , minerals and nitrogen are the other raw materials used to produce good quality cattle feed. The KMF manufactures cattle feed at its four plants \u2014 Rajanakunte in Bangalore , Dharwad , Gubbi in Tumkur and Hassan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15809537", "title": "AK Hangal gets a lonely sendoff", "text": "Bollywood's distinguished character artiste, 98-year-old A K Hangal passed away at 9 am on Sunday at the Asha Parekh Hospital in Santa Cruz, where he was admitted on August 16 after fracturing his thigh bone.Hangal, who had been in and out of hospital with a history of pulmonary tuberculosis , chronic kidney disease and hypertension, needed to be operated. However the doctors felt he was unfit to go under the knife.Best known for his oneliner from Sholay - Itna sannaata kyun hai bhai, Hangal entered Bollywood when he was in his 40s and went on to act in over 200 films. \"This is really a sad thing...now I am left all alone. I have no words to describe his loss. He was a strong man...he had been a great support to me,\" his son Vijay told the media.The actor, who was honoured with the Padma Bhushan for his contribution to Hindi cinema in 2006, was in the news last year for living a life in penury. His son appealed for help after failing to meet Hangal's medical expenses and several Bollywood celebrities like the Bachchans, Vipul Shah , Mithun Chakraborty, Aamir Khan and Salman Khan came forward to help him.Incidentally, none of the prominent Bollywood personalities attended Hangal's last rites, performed by his son Vijay at the Pawan Hans crematorium in Vile Parle, Mumbai, at around 1 pm.Character artists including Rakesh Bedi, Raza Murad, Avatar Gill, singeractress Ila Arun and a few others were seen at the crematorium.Expressing his anger, Murad told us, \"It was disappointing. The man gave 50 years of his life to this industry. I feel the busy stars could have spared at least 50 minutes of their time to pay their final respects. And to think that the crematorium in Vile Parle is not too far off from these stars' bungalows. In fact many cops were deployed in anticipation of a huge turn-out. I have to admit with a heavy heart that it's a cruel world. They didn't consider this departed soul important enough to be given an honourable sendoff. God bless.\"The communist party of India will hold a prayer meeting for him on Saturday evening.And before that, on Monday, IPTA has arranged for a special meeting at Prithvi theatre to celebrate the life and times of AK Hangal, where artists will perform skits and scenes from his memorable plays.- Inputs by Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15817255", "title": "Neha Dhupia is underrated: Saurabh Shukla", "text": "Neha Dhupia, who celebrates her birthday today, seems to be getting hotter and sexier with age. Saurabh Shukla, the director of Neha's upcoming film I'm 24 is all praises for the sexy siren and claims that it's high time for the industry to value her as an actress.\"I wish Neha all the happiness as she is one lady, who never keeps her happiness to herself. She makes everyone happy,\" said Saurabh.\"I think it's high time that the industry understands Neha's potential as an actress. Bollywood should value the jewel they have,\" stressed the director.Saurabh also claimed it was an overwhelming experience directing Neha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15812176", "title": "Allahabad is a wonderful city: Kanchi Kaul", "text": "\"Allahabad is a wonderful city,\" claims television actress Kanchi Kaul on her recent visit to Allahabad.The actress who has played a number of roles in serials like Ek Ladki Anjaani Si , Maayka and appeared in several Telugu Movies including Idi Maa Ashokgadi Love Story, Sampangi and Family Circus was in the city to attend Eid celebrations at a close friend's house with hubby Shabbir Ahluwalia .\"The city and its people both are wonderful and we had a wonderful time interacting with them. In my brief interaction with people here I found all the good things said about the city and its people are actually true,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15785952", "title": "Electronic voting machines with paper trail unlikely before next Lok Sabha elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the 2014 general elections in sight, the Election Commission is scrambling to do what is proving to be a herculean task -- introducing new-age EVMs with a voter-verifiable paper audit trail. However, those questioning the tamper-proof nature of the EVMs and campaigning for a paper trail of the ballots may have to wait beyond the next Lok Sabha polls for a complete switchover to the new system.According to sources in the EC, the huge costs involved -- given that 7 lakh of the 11 lakh existing EVMs deployed in Lok Sabha polls are incompatible with a printing unit -- coupled with the high incidence of snags associated with printers, have made the EC wary if it can manage a full-scale, new-age EVM-based general election by 2014. At most, senior officials at Nirvachan Sadan feel, the panel can introduce the new voter-verifiable paper trail system in some select states, while letting the other states vote with the old set of EVMs.With elections 20 months away, the EC is holding trials for the new voter-verifiable paper trail-compatible EVM prototypes. The cost implications are huge. To update an existing EVM and have it attached to a printer is estimated to cost anything between Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000. And if all the EVMs are to be updated, the total cost would work out to nearly Rs 1,000 crore. However, of the 11 lakh existing EVMs, only 4 lakh are compatible with printers. The remaining cannot even be updated.Besides, printers being bulky and prone to snags like ink-related issues and jamming, especially in extreme climates, and the rather-impractical task of having them serviced and maintained in between elections, the EC views the solution as highly impractical in the long run.There is the second option of going in for an entirely new set of EVMs, which will have an in-built hardware to enable a paper trail. This will cost approximately Rs 1,800 crore, EC sources said. According to an EC official, it is more feasible to replace all the existing EVMs and bring in brand new paper-trail-enabled EVMs. However, this will be impossible by the 2014 general election.The need for a voter-verifiable paper audit trail was articulated following the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, with senior BJP leaders alleging that the EVM design was prone to tampering. Independent experts too stepped in to allege that the EVMs were not completely tamper-proof, though they could not clearly demonstrate this before the EC.At an all-party meeting convened by the EC in October 2010, the BJP sought a paper trail to enable the voter to verify if his vote had been cast in favour of the party which he had chosen by pressing the relevant button on the EVM. This led the EC to set up an expert technical committee, headed by former IIT-Chennai director P V Indiresan, to look at the technical feasibility of introducing a voter-verifiable paper audit trail.The committee favoured introduction of the paper trail system and recommended field testing of prototypes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15780921", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan condoles AK Hangal's death", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who worked with AK Hangal in the iconic film 'Sholay', remembered the character actor as a gentleman and congenial co-artist.Hangal, 98, passed away in Mumbai this morning following a brief illness aggravated by a fracture in his thigh bone.\"AK Hangal, passes away this morning!! A veteran, a gentleman, a congenial co artist and a master at his work,\" he posted on micro-blogging site Twitter.Hangal is most fondly remembered as Rahim Chacha from the film ' Sholay ', in which Bachchan played one of the main leads.It was in ' Sholay ' that Hangal uttered the dialogue, \" Itna sannata kyon hai, bhai? \", which went on to become one of the most popular lines in Hindi cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815426", "title": "Not working in any non Kannada film: Sudeep", "text": "Kiccha Sudeep will not be working in director Gautham Menon's new film with Vijay in the lead role. Kiccha was surprised to hear that some websites and media platrorms had published news that he will be playing a negative role in the Tamil and Telugu film starring Vijay and directed by Gautham Menon. He has denied that he had given his acceptance to such an offer, leave alone to accept some offers from non Kannada films as of now.\"I am surprised to see how this news emanated. Infact I am not working in any film of non Kannada languages as of now other than in films like Bachchan directed by Shashank for which shooting is now under progress\" says Kiccha.\"I have some commitments now in the Kannada film industry. I can not just drop these projects and go to work in other language films as of now. Right now I am working for Bachchan and later I will be working for a film with producer N Kumar. Kumar wants this film to be a trilingual film, but we have not got the script ready to make any decision on that. Later I have also agreed to do a film with Nimishambha productions Chandrashekhar for which we have not worked out details. Right now, I am not inclined to accept any offers. I am glad even Gautham Menon has denied my presence in his film and has indicated that there has not been any discussions in this regard\" says Kiccha Sudeep.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792276", "title": "Accountant general hands over Rs 440 crore Torrent shock to state govt", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decision of former Mayawati government to hand over power distribution of Agra to Torrent found itself in a thick of controversy, on Sunday, after a report of accountant general stated that it caused a loss of nearly Rs 440 crore to the state exchequer in the last two years.According to the report, the company was provided more power as against the agreement even though the revenue recovery rate on the higher supply was not fixed. The report takes into account the period between April 2010 and March 2012.The report estimated that the agreement, if persisted for the stipulated 20 years time, would cause a loss of over Rs 5,300 crore to the state exchequer.The report has also indicted the then UPPCL management of colluding with the consultant in allocating the contract to the company. According to the report, the UPPCL awarded the contract to the private company at a rate which was 27% less than what the energy task force had recommended. The ETF, headed by the then chief secretary, had recommended that the company be handed over the contract on an agreement of realizing revenue at the rate of Rs 2.10 per unit in the first year. However, the UPPCL gave the contract at the rate of Rs 1.54 per unit. Likewise, the agreement prescribed a recovery rate of Rs 2.45 per unit for the 20 years period. However, the UPPCL gave the company at the rate of Rs 2.10 per unit.The report is set to raise the heckles of the Akhilesh Yadav government which, only three days ago, had been advocating all possible help to Torrent in the Taj City, while indicating that even power distribution of Kanpur may also be handed over to the company.The company was handed over the power distribution of Agra by former Mayawati government under the input franchisee-based power distribution system. The system had only sparked off strong speculations that all loss making power distribution companies, or may be a part of it, may be handed over to the private companies under the system.While the agitating employees of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) had been agitating against the proposed move to hand over power distribution of cities to the private companies, the ruling SP government, surprisingly, continues to consider Torrent candidature for Kanpur's power distribution system.Secretary general of All India Power Engineers Association, Shailendra Dubey said that they have been raising the issue since UPPCL entered into an agreement with Torrent in 2008. \"However, the then state government did not give a heed to our demand,\" he said. Dubey expressed surprise as to why even the present government, which has been claiming of going heavily against corruption, agreed with the idea that was laced with corruption at its very root. \"The state government should now reconsider its decision to hand over power distribution to Kanpur,\" he said. At the same time, the UP Vidyut Karmachari Sangharsh Samiti has demanded action against the officials who actually mooted the idea during Mayawati government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785802", "title": "Kovai traders enjoy blooming business", "text": "COIMBATORE: As Kerala's most exuberant festival Thiruvonam just a few days away, the famous flower market in the city is witnessing brisk business with several traders from the neighboring state coming in with bulk orders on a daily basis. Flowers are an integral part of this harvest festival with people indulging in elaborate floral decorations ten days before the festival.The flower market in Coimbatore is central to the supply chain, attracting traders from across Kerala. Apart from flowers, Coimbatore is the transit point for vegetables too, which forms part of the traditional feast to welcome Kerala's mythical King Mahabali. Due to the increased demand from Kerala, prices of both flowers and vegetables in the Coimbatore market have increased manifolds. According to traders, there is a 50 percent hike in prices of flowers ever since the Onam season began last week.Colourful flowers such as gomphrena ('Vadamalli' in local parlance), crossandra (Kanakambaram), marigold (Samanthi) and chrysanthemum (arali) are in great demand and their prices will increase further on Monday as the main festival falls on Wednesday. Roses, gerbera, gladiolus, alstro maria and lillilums are also in huge demand. Florists here source the flowers mainly from Ooty, Gobichettipalyam and Sathyamangalam and Hosur, where most of the roses come from. Some rare flowers are even sourced from Bangalore, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.According to market sources, flower prices have been going up every year along with the rising demand. Vadamalli and Samanthi are the most expensive this season,'' said E K B Akbar, a wholesale trader at the market. \"One kg of white 'samanthi' costs Rs 250 today. Vadamalli costs up to Rs 500 on some days. Yellow 'Samanthi' fetches Rs 120 a kg; its orange variety costs Rs 100 a kg today,\" said Mohammed Ashraf, another trader. Thulsi is the only cheap variety here, costing Rs 25 per kg. Everything else is expensive. Till the last week of July the demand was minimal and prices were low,\" he added. K Ramakarishnan, a buyer from Ernnakulam says the prices vary daily during this season. Prices are the highest early morning and they start reducing by noon, he said.According to him, the flower export business is also flourishing as residents of Kerala living in the Gulf countries too source their flowers from Coimbatore. The Sharjah flight leaving the city takes back a huge load of flowers every day.According to KK Ayyappan, treasurer of Coimbatore District Flowers Traders Association, 20 tonnes are traded every day as opposed to normal days when it is just three to four tonnes. Onam is followed by the wedding season. So we hope the demand will continue to be the same for another couple of months,'' he said.The wholesale vegetable market is also witnessing brisk sales. From curry leaves to pumpkin, pineapple and even plantain leaves, the entire state of Kerala depends mainly on the Coimbatore market during the Onam season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796515", "title": "Ailing Sunder will be a free jumbo soon", "text": "PUNE: Thirteen-year-old elephant Sunder, who had been suffering at the hands of his handlers and was kept chained for most of the time in a dark shed at the Jyotiba temple in Kolhapur district for the last seven years, will soon be freed and rehabilitated to the Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre, Bangalore.An order to the effect has been issued by the department of revenue and forest, Maharashtra, to principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Nagpur, requesting for the elephant's rehabilitation. The move follows months of campaigning by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). PETA had highlighted the cruelty and injury suffered by the elephant and had called for its release. The campaign had led more than 13,000 people from India to take part in PETA's online petition demanding Sunder's release.Manilal Valliyate, PETA India, director of veterinary affairs, told TOI that PETA had sent letters to and met Maharashtra forest minister Patangrao Kadam and principal secretary (forest) Pravinsinh Pardeshi highlighting Sunder's injury and need for rehabilitation. Soon after, an order was released from the department of revenue and forest, Maharashtra, to rehabilitate Sunder to the Wildlife Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre, Bangalore, he said.Manoj Oswal, animal welfare board officer, Pune, said he went to see the elephant and sent a status report to the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI). \"The AWBI had received complaints regarding Sunder's cruelty from people. According to AWBI's direction, the status report was sent. I found a lot of discrepancy in the document produced on the ownership of the elephant. It appears to be an illegal sale of the elephant shown as a donation. Also, the living conditions of the elephant left much to be desired.\" The Central Zoo Authority has appointed four experts to look into the logistics and other issues of Sunder, he added.Meanwhile, Valliyate said the temple authorities had kept Sunder chained at most times ever since 2005. The elephant has a hole in the year caused by an ankush, an iron rod with a hook at the end, in addition to scars all over his body and a severely injured eye that was probably caused by beating. \"Recently, Sunder had become violent and uncontrollable in response to the abuse that he had suffered at the hands of his mahout (or handler) and the temple authorities. Sunder had torn down a pillar and tried to flee his captors. However, he was subdued and returned to his life in chains,\" he said.\"Daily walks and mental stimulation are essential to an elephant's mental and physical health. Lack of exercise and years spent standing in one position on hard surfaces amid their own waste often leads to painful and crippling foot ailments and arthritis. We are grateful to the forest minister for agreeing to liberate Sunder and letting him enjoy things that are natural and important to him for the first time in his life. Sunder's abuse highlights the way elephants are used in Indian temples,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782705", "title": "Cops play catch-up with Team Arvind", "text": "NEW DELHI: Less than two weeks after yoga guru Ramdev's protest ended, Arvind Kejriwal and other activists of India Against Corruption took the cops by surprise by mounting guerilla protests outside the homes of the PM, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari.IAC activists were scheduled to hold their protest at Jantar Mantar but changed their plans. The protest drama, which started early morning and went on through half the day as protesters came in waves, saw Kejriwal and others being detained twice.The activists were lathi-charged at Akbar Road, where cops also fired 20 rounds of teargas shells and used water cannon to control the agitation. By the end of the day, around 974 protesters were taken into preventive custody. Fifteen policemen and six protesters were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15799285", "title": "Intach to focus on govt school students", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach), an NGO funded by the Union culture ministry for conserving India's vast natural, architectural and cultural heritage, is making efforts to create awareness about heritage among government school students.It all started with the convener of the Intach's Thiruvananathapuram chapter, Shaji Krishnan, translating an English handbook, which serves as reference for educational institutions, as part of setting up heritage clubs in schools.\"The Thiruvananthapuram chapter of Intach has helped set up heritage clubs in 20 English medium schools in the city, but we noticed that the government schools were losing out in the process. 'Paithrika Parichayam', the Malayalam translation of the 'Handbook on Heritage' written by Dr Shobita Punja, director, national culture fund, will help integrate many schools from the districts into the fold,\" said Krishnan.The schools have undertaken many projects to inculcate the value of culture and heritage among the youth under the guidance of Intach. \"Fox History channel had organized 'My city, my walk' in the metros recently, but schools here have come out with their own unique way to drive home the point. For example, Lecole Champaka held an indigenous food mela where students recreated some grandma's recipes,\" said Krishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15765164", "title": "Sreesanth's Onam is with family", "text": "After a gap of more than four years, cricketer Sreesanth will be celebrating Onam with his family in Kochi.\"Every year, something prevents him from spending Onam at home, but this time, he has made it a point to be at home for Onam,\" says Dipusanth, Sreesanth's brother. This Onam will see the whole family, including Dipusanth and their sister, coming together to celebrate the festival of flowers.\"Unfortunately, now, Sree is down with fever and infection, due to food poisoning. He has been hospitalised in Kochi for the past two days. But it's nothing serious, and he will be discharged soon,\" informs Dipusanth.Sreesanth had been out of action for the past many months following a toe injury and a surgery following it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15784933", "title": "Rain god continues to smile, expect more rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monsoon showers lashed the capital after a sunny morning on Sunday.\"Delhi recorded 24.6mm rains during last 24 hours and as a result the maximum temperature settled at 32.9 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal level on Sunday,\" a Met department official said.Met has predicted \"one or two spells of normal and heavy rains\" in some areas of the city on Monday and the maximum and minimum temperatures would be 32 and 25 degrees Celsius respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15780655", "title": "Smit Patel, keeper of India's hopes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is something about quality wicket-keeper batsmen and Gujarat - you just can't separate the two. Latest to join the league is 18-year-old Smit Patel of Ahmedabad.He announced his arrival into the big league by helping India lift the ICC under-19 World Cup at Townsville in Australia with a crucial half century in the final against Australia on Sunday.Many in Gujarat are now seeing him as the man who can carry forward the lineage of Kiran More, Nayan Mongia and Parthiv Patel.On Sunday, Smit came out to bat alongside captain Unmukt Chand with the team in trouble at 97-4, chasing 226. The two then batted the Australians out of the game with a 130-run unbeaten stand. Unmukt shored a hundred and Smit hit 62 from 84 balls.He also took 13 catches behind the stumps and had one stumping from his six games and finished just behind Q de Kock of South Africa with 18 dismissals.A breathless Smit told TOI in between noisy celebrations, \"I am just happy that I have been able to keep the faith of the team. I played my natural game without doing anything stupid. Unmukt was playing really well so I just stood there and decided to shut the Aussies out.\"\"Unmukt played a captain's knock, but Smit's innings was equally brilliant as it helped tilt the match in India's favour. He played a very mature innings, a really coming-of-age by the young wicketkeeper-batsman,\" said U-19 selector and team manager Pritam Gandhe from Australia.\"Even in that crucial match against Pakistan, he played a small, but important innings. He is a gutsy player and was not overawed by the situation.\"Back home, Smit's coach Tarak Trivedi was answering congratulatory calls and distributing sweets among his students at the Gujarat Cricket Institute, where Smit practices.Smit's parents are in the US on vacation so his sister Zina is receiving guests. \"This is one of the finest moments of our lives,\" said his sister. \"I am already celebrating, but let him come back, we will have a grand party.\"\"Smit has bridged the gap between having the talent and delivering when it matters. I see a very bright future for Smit because I don't see any other wicketkeeper-batsman after MS Dhoni who can represent India,\" added Trivedi.(With inputs from Ruchir Mishra)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15814529", "title": "Boro Eka Lagey on its way to completion", "text": "Boro Eka Lagey, a love triangle is directed by Gobinda Shil and produced by Dreamway Movies &amp; Entertainment Pvt Ltd. It stars Hiran and newcomers Tuya and Srabanti Bhattacharya.Anandi, a beautiful and cheerful girl falls in love with Siddharta who is an art student. Then enters Mallika, a bar dancer and a model who had once posed for Siddharta's painting and stays with her widowed mother. Mallika too falls in love with Siddharta.She turns out to be a cousin of Anandi and later becomes extremely vindictive. All this leads to lot of misunderstandings and confusion.The film also stars Rajatava Dutta, Manasi Sinha, Mousumi Saha, Boddhisatta Majumdar and Papia Devrajan. The film has music by Samidh Mukherjee. The film will be edited by Kalam while the cinematographer is Asit Biswas. Apart from Kolkata, a few songs will also be shot in Pattaya.The press meet of the film was held at Big Boss on Friday. The film is half way through its completion.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15799467", "title": "Locals oppose aquatic events in temple pond", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The renovated Sreevaraham pond will not play host to water-polo competitions during this Onam. Hardly two weeks after the Onam celebration committee decided to organize water-polo and other aquatic competitions at the Sreevaraham temple pond, the authorities were forced to drop the idea following stiff opposition from a group of locals who objected to the move citing communal reasons.The locals opposed the idea saying that non-Hindus cannot be allowed to enter the temple pond. They also upheld a high court order that was issued in 2000 which said that the sanctity of the temple pond should not be compromised under any condition.\"If the authorities conduct a water-polo competition in the temple pond, it will become a violation of the court order. Such a move could also spark unnecessary communal tension. That is why it was decided to drop the idea,\" said Sreevaraham ward councilor S Vijayakumar.The celebration committee comprising three ward councillors had planned to conduct water-polo, swimming and other aquatic competitions in the pond as part of Onam celebrations. Once the decision was formally announced, a member of the citizen protection council had also filed a contempt of court against the decision. The representatives of the temple protection council had also come up in protest against opening the temple pond for hosting aquatic events.One of the disappointed organizers said that the resistance to such moves would never help promoting communal harmony. \"The competitions were planned to celebrate Onam in its true spirit. Onam is not confined to one particular caste or community. It is unfortunate that people object to such secular ideas,\" an organizer said.Miffed over the opposition by the locals, the organizers have decided to exempt the temple pond from being illuminated during Onam. The mandapam at the centre of the pond will not be illuminated. \"They say that the sanctity of the temple will be lost if non-Hindus enter the temple pond. What if the light-operator happens to be a non-Hindu? If they are so particular about sanctity, we thought it was better to exclude the pond,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15811366", "title": "Daughter of ex-UK minister living life of a Sikh warrior", "text": "LONDON: The daughter of former British minister Jonathan Aitken has swapped the world of nightclubs and parties for a simple life as a devout Sikh in Punjab.Alexandra Aitken's new look - a spear clutched in one hand, a bag of bananas in the other, a dagger slung over her white tunic and iPod headphones tucked beneath a white and purple turban - is a far cry from the tight dresses she favoured in her days as an 'It' girl around London, the Mail Online reported.32-year-old Alexandra took her family, including twin Victoria, by surprise when she announced in January last year that she was marrying a Sikh warrior. She also changed her name to Uttrang Kaur Khalsa.She had first spotted Inderjot Singh in 2009 when she was practising yoga at the Golden Temple in Amritsar before meeting him on a second visit. Their wedding was arranged with such haste that her parents were unable to attend.On her website, Alexandra says she lives with Nihang Sikhs, the sect to which her husband (Inderjot Singh) belongs, but is staying at an ashram run by a sect of yoga Sikhs in the village of Bani in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15806270", "title": "Dimple is keeping Rajesh Khanna\u2019s home alive", "text": "The actor has been visiting the bungalow almost every day, reorganising the interiors, adding her touches, just the way the late Rajesh Khanna would have liked itIt has been little more than a month since the iconic Carter Road bungalow Aashirwad lost its stellar resident. But rather than leaving the house to emptiness and memories, Dimple Kapadia has decided to keep the household alive.TOI has learnt that the actress has been visiting the house every day now, rearranging, reorganising the interiors, in accordance with Rajesh Khanna's taste and last wishes.According to a source close to the deceased star, \"Changing the name of the house was just one part of makeover. Dimple comes in unfailingly at three every day and keeps herself busy with things any homemaker would do. She has rearranged the furniture, changed the curtains and put up a towering photograph of Kakaji in the hall. You can't miss it - it is right there when you enter.\"TOI has learnt it shows the star casting his vote during the elections that saw him get into politics. Evidently, it was a very special moment for the actor.Dimple's visits and her engagement with the house may come as a surprise to many, considering she had walked out of the house many years ago, only to return during her estranged husband's last few days. \"Even when she was taking care of the ailing Khanna, Dimple had never stayed overnight, except the last couple of days. But now she often stays over. Family friends and well-wishers in fact suggested that she spend some time in the house that is hers for sentimental reasons as well.\"When contacted, Dimple remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784762", "title": "Workshop on new trends in social science teaching", "text": "BHOPAL: A workshop on new trends in teaching social science through CCE methods was conducted on Saturday at Career College.According to an official release, Dr S M Azad was the key speaker for the workshop who is a veteran editorial expert and author of more than 100 books. The workshop consists of the CCE (continuous and comprehensive evaluation) methods of enhancing the efficacy of teaching social sciences and new trends in teaching social sciences.While interacting with the school teachers, Dr S M Azad said, \"For teaching social sciences a holistic approach should be followed, that includes spiritual potentials, physical and emotional strengths, social and intellectual surroundings, and artistic and creative approach. Right from the beginning a child needs to maintain their own identity, i.e. they should learn about themselves, their self-esteem and self-respect. Make them learn to attach everything with nature; this will make them stronger.\"\"CCE (Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation) refers to a system of school based evaluation that covers all aspects of a student's development, which includes scholastic and co-scholastic activities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15811760", "title": "Ankit Gera shoots despite viral infection!", "text": "With TV actor's hectic shooting schedule, they often fall sick but with a daily soap, they can't afford to stop the shoot. Recently when Ankit was not feeling well, a doctor was called on the set for the check up and somehow he managed to complete the few most important scenes.For three days he was down with viral, and now he has resumed shooting but is still not recovered fully. \"Viral is in the air. With a daily soap, I have no choice but to shoot. I felt so weak that I was not even in a position to deliver my dialogue properly. I am feeling better now and hope to recover soon,\" says Ankit who was last seen in the show Maryada: Lekin Kab Tak?According to him, an actor can't afford to be unhealthy, and falling sick is really troublesome at times. \"But then as it is said, the show must go on and I believe in it totally,\" adds he. Well, Ankit we wish you a speedy recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gohana (sonipat)", "code": "15793649", "title": "India should emulate Haryana model: Saina Nehwal", "text": "GOHANA (SONIPAT): Lauding Haryana government for supporting its sportspersons in the best possible way, Olympic bronze medallist Saina Nehwal said on Sunday that India can win at least 25 to 30 medals by next Olympics if other states start following the Haryana sports model.Saina was speaking during a function organized to honour and reward the state's 19 Olympians, including the medal winners.\"Haryana government provided good facilities to its athletes to prepare for the London Olympics. If other states can follow Haryana's footsteps, I think we can win 25 to 30 medals at Rio in 2016,\" said Saina.Amid mild rains on a cloudy Sunday, it was cash, land, luxury cars, LED, handicams, mobile phones, pats and congratulations that were showered on the players.The sports enthusiasts thronged to have a glimpse of their sporting icons, who felt overwhelmed by the welcome.Though the people were gracious enough to welcome each player, the loud cheers and thumping applause were reserved for the local hero bronze medallist Yogeshwar Dutt and his close friend silver medallist Sushil Kumar.And the players too did not disappoint their fans. They extended warm hugs, shook hands, got their photographs clicked and gave autographs to the youngsters.The boxers, including Vijender Kumar, Manoj Kumar and young Sumit Sangwan , were also thronged by the youngsters.As the security personnel tried to ward off the youths who got close to Sushil while clicking photographs with his Audi, the grappler asked the staff not to do so stating that these boys are the future stars of the country who would bring adulations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15790624", "title": "Signals from Pak mobile companies reach bordering areas", "text": "JAISALMER: Many areas of Rajasthan that are adjoining the international border are getting the signals of Pakistan mobile companies within the range of 15-20kms within Indian territory. Many smugglers and spies of Jaisalmer and Barmer using Pakistan Sim card are giving strategic and confidential information of the country to the Pak intelligence agency ISI. According to the international rules in telecom sector, mobile network of any country can go up to 500 metres of the borders of the other country. The Pakistan is openly violating the international law along with the signal is causing hole in country's security and is proving to be the security threat. On last Tuesday a meeting of LIA (Lead Intellignece Agencies)(security and intelligence of region) was done in which that concern was raised and discussed that strict action will be taken against it.According to the reliable sources, Pakistan in its conspiracy against India has set up over three dozen new mobile towers near the international border adjoining Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Ganganagar and Barmer in Rajasthan. The signals of these mobile towers are getting into the Indian territory up to 15-20kms, which is becoming a threat to the security for India. The mobile signals of Pakistan mobile companies are getting into the Indian territory due to which many smugglers and spies are getting Pakistan Sims through passengers in large numbers through the Thar Express.There is no facility of scanning of passengers coming by Thar express at Munabao railway station as the result sim cards from borders of Pakistan is brought with Pakistani songs and provoking speeches to the Indian border.Sources said that there has been information that a few old smugglers in Longewala, Ghotaru, Ramgarh area in Jaisalmer district, climb the old towers or go the places in height and using Pak sims send country's confidential information to Pak intelligence agency ISI. Pakistan Sims were recovered from recently arrest Pak spies and these serious issues have been raised in Lead intelligence agency meeting, but could not put any control over the Pak network.Sources said that Pak has installed mobile towers opposite Rajasthan border at Khokharapar, Chacharo, Jumantar, Mubarka Fort Abbas, Mantharbanglo, Mandi Sadiikganj, Minchandabad, Bhawal Nagar, Dungabunga, Harunabad, Fakirewanar, Hasilpur, rahimyar khan, Mandi Sadi Mangal, Gabbar Kehju, Sadikabad etc. The telecom companies whose mobile signals are reaching within India are Veridatel, Oasis Pak, Telenor, PKPL, Pak Pal Mobiling, U-phone, PT Soral, Hutch etc.Jaisalmer telecom officer Yogesh Bhaskar confirming about signals of Pakistan mobile companies reaching India said that although it is international matter of both countries therefore it will be solved at the higher level. Although, Pakistan mobile signal is coming on separate frequency and network therefore we do not have any such technique to jam their signal or stop it. He said this serious issue is raised in the meetings held between the BSFand Pakistan rangers.Jaisalmer district collector prohibiting use of Pakistani Sim, has directed to take strict action against the people violating this order.District collector and magistrate suchi tyagi under section 144 has ordered that no person will use Pakistani Sim and will contact people in Pakistan in any area from where contact could be made in Pakistan using the Pakistani network. He said no one will use Pakistani sim and will not permit using it.He said that signals of mobile towers in Pakistan area are received within 3-4kms in Indian border and using Pakistani local SIM, one could easily get connected with Pakistani network. Looking to the expected danger of national security, it has been prohibited to use Pakistani local SIm.According to the order issued by the district collector, if any person is found guilty of violating this order then action will be taken as per provisions of law. This order will remain effective for forthcoming two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813829", "title": "Bipasha feasts on mishti doi and rasogullas", "text": "The fitness conscious actress lets go of her diet on the sets of Aatma.Bipasha Basu is known for her fitness and strict diet regimes. However the actress has taken us by surprise as we hear that she couldn't help herself from gorging on Authentic Bengali food!News is that the actor who is currently shooting for her upcoming supernatural thriller, Aatma at Filmalaya Studios loves the cuisine so much that she actually went out of her way and called for some Bengali specialties on the sets recently!A unit-hand tells us, \"Bipasha is a fish lover and yesterday she called for some delicious Bengali food for her and the entire crew from the very famous Bengali restaurant 'Bhojohari Manna' in Oshiwara. And once the gourmet food was on the sets you can only imagine what must have happened! The entire unit went crazy over the yummy delicacies and it was a feast of sorts on the sets since there was so much food ranging from fish to prawns and also mishti doi and rasogullas .\"Well, with such amazing delicacies coming on the sets, we are pretty sure that the entire cast is having an amazing time shooting for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15780091", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation fails to light up city roads", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has on several occasions proved that 'promises are meant to be broken'. The PMC authorities have not only failed to keep the city clean, but also to light the streets. The corporation last year promised the Patnaites that each PMC ward would get 50 bulbs for the street lights. The high mast lights were also supposed to be working properly, but nothing has changed this year even though Rs 4.5 crore was sanctioned for this purpose during 2011-12. However, it was never utilized. And as of now, many high mast lights stand non-functional. Initially, residents used to complain but now they too have given up.A civic body official said, \"The PMC had asked for payment of the holding tax worth Rs 200 crore from Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) which, in return, slapped the PMC with a huge electricity bill of Rs 250 crore. Both the PMC and the BSEB have held several meetings regarding the bill clearance, but to no avail so far.\" Patna Mayor Afzal Imam said, \"The PMC used the electricity for public service. So, we expected a reduction in the bill amount.\"Sources in PMC add the civic body is in a fix over who should be given the onus of maintaining the lights. It floated a tender for a tie-up in public-private-partnership (PPP) mode last month, but it was cancelled owing to alleged irregularities in the acceptance of the tender.The major roads and areas of the city, including Frazer Road, Kargil Chowk, Ashok Rajpath, Exhibition Road, Income-Tax roundabout, Patliputra Colony, Gardanibagh, Kankarbagh, Digha, Ashiana Road, Jagdeo Path, Indrapuri, AG Colony, Lodipur, Rajivnagar, Police Lines, Rajendra Nagar and Patna City, are the worst affected due to lack of proper lighting.There are only 23 high mast lights for 925 roads and streets falling under the jurisdiction of the PMC. According to PMC sources, the corporation had paid Rs 58 lakh to Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) in 2000 for maintenance of streetlights from 2000 to 2004. After the fund was exhausted, a complete utilization report was submitted in 2004 and after that the PMC was requested to maintain the streetlights. However, the PMC again paid Rs15 lakh to Pesu in October 2004 for the maintenance of streetlights. Finally, when the fund was exhausted, the Pesu presented another utilization report to the PMC and handed over the charge of streetlights' maintenance to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797707", "title": "State to have all options on table to tackle future hostage crises", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand seems to have decided to remain flexible in dealing in case of any hostage crisis involving Left wing extremists and abstain from adopting a standardized procedure. The decision assumes significance as the Centre has recently sent a draft standard operating procedure (SOP) to the nine Maoist-affected states, including Jharkhand, for comments and suggestions before it is finalized as the method to deal with future hostage situations.S N Pradhan, IG (special branch) and police spokesperson, said that the rejoinder of this nature was sent to the state governments by the Centre after recent incidents of hostage crisis in Chhatisgarh and Odisha. \"Jharkhand has never followed a stereotype stand to deal with such situations,\" he said, adding that even now the state is not going to adhere to any particular line. \"We have not faced such a situation, but the state police are well equipped to deal with a crisis if and when one takes place,\" he said.Highly placed sources in the home department said that the Centre decided to adopt a SOP after the abduction and subsequent release of Odisha MLA Jhina Hikaka and Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon. The Centre wanted to consult the state governments to ensure that there is no ambiguity in dealing with rebels. While neutralizing the Maoists tactics is the crux of the draft proposal, it also seeks opinion from the states if suspending anti-Red operations during such situations is considerable. The states have been asked to take note of the fact that even temporary suspension of anti-Maoist operations often gives the rebels time to fortify their area of dominance and take on the security forces .The draft SOP suggests three-tier crisis management in which negotiations have been given maximum importance with a rider that release of convicted Maoists cadres and those facing murder charges should not be considered at all. The proposal further says that saving life of the hostage is main objective but use of force to rescue them should be exercised only after exhausting all avenues of negotiated settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15787757", "title": "Doctor left scissors in stomach: Family", "text": "LUDHIANA: Family and friends of a resident of Dhanuala in Barnala held a protest outside a hospital in Satguru Nagar on Sunday, alleging a doctor forgot a pair of scissors inside the patient's abdomen.While showing an X-ray, patient Gurcharan Singh's brother Mahinder Singh said, \"My brother used to complain of constant pain in the back so we showed him to a urologist at Mohandai Oswal Cancer and Multi-speciality Hospital. Urologist Dr Nitin Aggarwal detected a tumour in his urinary bladder following which he operated upon my brother on March 31.\"He added, \"After the operation Gurcharan complained of fever, so we again showed him to the same doctor. This time Dr Aggarwal diagnosed him with cancer and started chemotherapy. Since it is expensive, we had to sell our land. Luckily for us after a month we got his X-ray done in a government-run hospital in Dhanaula and the X-ray showed a pair of scissors inside the abdomen.\"Mahinder said the doctors at Dhanaula Hospital referred them to Barnala civil hospital from where they were again referred to PGI, Chandigarh, where on August 11 doctors removed the scissors from Gurcharan's abdomen.Sarabha Nagar SHO Aalam Vijay Singh, said, \"We received a complaint and forwarded it to CMO. Necessary action will be taken on the basis of his report.\" Meanwhile, Dr Amandeep Aggarwal, who is the state vice-president of IMA, said, \"In case our doctor is negligent, the patient and his relatives are free to seek legal remedies available to them by registering a criminal, civil case and even go against him to consumer court.\" Refuting allegations, Dr Nitin Aggarwal, said, \"It is a sponsored dharna. Apart from some relatives of the patient, majority of protestors are bouncers hired by private hospital owners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15785592", "title": "997 RTOs issue 1.15 crore driving licences per year", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least one lakh people die every year on Indian roads due to drivers' fault, indicating how untrained or ill-trained drivers without passing any test crowd Indian roads with valid driving licences. The government says officials at regional transport offices (RTOs) issuing these licences cannot be blamed for not doing due diligence since only 997 RTOs in the country issue over 1.15 crore fresh or renewed driving licences every year.A rough calculation shows that on an average, 40 licences are issued by each RTO on any working day and it can be as high as 130 licences per day in case of Delhi. The national capital has only 13 RTOs with 40 inspectors and annually five lakh licences are issued.\"Humanly one inspector can issue 15-20 licences per day. But in urban districts, each one of them issues at least 70-80 licences. So, one can easily make out how the norms get bypassed. The officers are also in a fix since many states have fixed the time frame for issuing learners licences and the official concerned can be penalized if he fails to either issue them or rejects the application showing a valid reason,\" a Union road transport ministry official said.He added that rejecting an application becomes questionable when there is an objective mechanism to grant or turn down such requests. \"Until there is a national standard we can't stop untrained people driving vehicles on roads and endangering lives of common man,\" the official said.The faulty and easy system to get a driving licence in India has come under criticism from all quarters. \"Issuing a licence without proper test is like giving an unlicenced firearm,\" road safety expert Rohit Baluja said.Anil Chikkara, advisor to Centre's hill driving school in Silchar (Assam), said there was need to increase manpower at RTOs and to modernize objective driving tests.Lately, the Centre has started preparing a plan to roll out modern driving testing facilities on public private partnership mode where the funding would be done by private players. \"Once the states bid out a project, the private player will manage funds for putting up this facility including a smart driving track fitted under CCTV surveillance. It can be allowed to collect certain fee from applicants. However, the government will have the authority to issue licences,\" a senior ministry official said.Central Institute for Road Transport ( CIRT) and a private player have been asked to prepare the business model and Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) has been asked to prepare details of safety standard and an audit mechanism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15811105", "title": "Northeast academicians visit Assam relief camps", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of academicians from the northeast travelled to the troubled areas of Western Assam where they visited a few relief camps in the affected districts of Dhubri, Bongaingaon and Kokrajhar.They also met with members of civil organizations and officials of the administration. They found that since most camps were in schools they did have water supply and power.However, sanitation facilities were inadequate as were daycare centres for children and counselling facilities. Personnel of the health department were stationed there, though. Complaints and FIRs seemed to be lodged as a collective which could impede individuals seeking to establish ownership, recover insurance claims or name persons responsible for criminal acts.The team has recommended that victims file individual FIRs. The group wants compensation to be disbursed within two months as well as a time-bound rehabilitation plan. The team has demanded justice as per national standards following Supreme Court guidelines on the Dantewada case and NHRC guidelines on relief and rehabilitation.Signatories to the demands include Professor A C Bhagabati, former VC of Rajiv Gandhi University, Niketu Iralu, a peace activist from Kohima, Professor Anuradha Dutta, retired professor of political science from Gauhati University, Dr Monisha Behal, chairperson of the North East Network in Guwahati and Prof. Abu Nasar Said Ahmed, former director of the OKD Institute in Guwahati.Others include Professor Anil Boro, professor of folklore studies at Gauhati University, Paresh Malakar, president of Anwesha, Mrinal Gohain and Anjuman Ara Begum, research scholar at Gauhati University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15792775", "title": "Centre to hand over Tibetan schools to Central Tibetan Administration", "text": "MADIKERI: The Central Tibetan Schools in the country run by the ministry of human resource development will be directly handed over to the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) at Dharmashala.Sources in the Bylakuppe Tibetan camp revealed that the proposal is under scrutiny and an announcement is shortly expected.According to the source, Indian teachers working in these institutions are preparing to leave the schools and join some other relevant departments when the administration is handed over to CTA. The CTSA has 71 schools across the country set up in regions that have high Tibetan population. The medium of instruction at primary level is Tibetan and thereafter, it is English.About 10,000 students are on roll from pre-primary to Class XII with 554 teaching and 239 sanctioned non-teaching staff. The schools are affiliated to CBSE and follow NCERT curriculum. In a recent administrative meeting, Indian teachers, about 400 of them, who decide to leave these schools were given the option of joining Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangatham or NCERT or JNV. Indian teachers, who wish to continue at CTA, can get their services extended and their pension benefits will be protected, the administration assured them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15794356", "title": "Heavy rains disrupt life in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: As widespread rains continue in Himachal Pradesh, two persons - one from Rajasthan and another from Hariyal village in Kangra district - were swept away in the swollen Chakki khud on Saturday night. Meanwhile, more interior areas were reported cut off on Sunday, following blocking of roads by landslides. A cloudburst in Sadma village in Kangra district damaged over a dozen houses, a primary school building and washed away cowsheds in Lunj village.In Dharamshala, two women were buried alive after their house collapsed on Saturday evening in Chakar Kund area of Kangra. The house belonged to a poor family which had recently lost its earning member in a road accident. The victims were identified as Harsh Lata, 43, and her niece Manu, 20, who was a resident of Bassa village in Nurpur division. Earthmoving machines and labour were pressed into service to remove the debris and the bodies were recovered at around 1.30 am. The family was provided Rs15,000 as quick relief.The Chamba-Pathankot highway remained closed for around 10 hours due to landslides on Saturday. Vehicular traffic was restored on Sunday, when the blockade was cleared. But the link roads in interior areas of Chamba including Tissa, Bharmaur and other places were remained blocked, causing inconvenience to many, especially those of Mani Mahesh pilgrimage.According to an estimate, over four dozen link roads across the state are blocked due to landslides triggered by incessant rains over the last few days, affecting supplies of essential commodities in remote areas. According to state government officials, roads have suffered damage to the tune of Rs 200 crores.Meanwhile, the weather department has issued fresh warning of heavy rainfall in the state during the next 24 hours. While district administrations across the state are gearing up for relief and rescue operations, Met officials said the state has received 21% deficit rainfall this year. \"There will be no respite from the incessant rain with some places likely to experience heavy rainfall till Monday,\" an official of the meteorological office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15784497", "title": "Give special treatment to old investors: Raman", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, has put another balm on the wounds of Noida Extension homebuyers by directing developers to give preferential treatment and sops to existing investors. The CEO also cleared the confusion on the 'zero period' for giving respite to both developers and buyers regarding installments and interest to be paid by both parties.Raman said that his decision to give preference to old buyers come from the fact that they are the ones who have suffered the most as they invested their hard-earned money but did not get any benefit out of it since May 2011. Raman is the only official who has been holding ground through the entire land row period in Gautam Budh Nagar district, with the others having been transferred. He was posted in Greater Noida at the time when the region was experiencing its worst time and played a vital role to bring relief to homebuyers, farmers and developers.Builders have been asked to meet Raman at 12.30pm on Monday. \"Homebuyers kept faith and cooperated and supported the Authority and developers. Hence, we will ask all developers to give them special treatment and do not levy any additional burden on them,\" Raman said. The Authority has already held a meeting with farmers to get their cooperation so that the housing projects do not face any hurdles.\"We will also give time to the developers to deposit unpaid installments to the authority. Farmers and homebuyers will have to be patient for a short while till things are streamlined,\" Raman added.When asked about the 'zero period', Raman said, \"Construction work was halted October 21, 2011. So, the 'zero period' will be considered from October 21, 2011 till the date of the NCR Planning Board giving approval to the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021. During this period, no installments or interest on it will be charged on developers. We have also asked the builders to pass on the benefit to buyers.\"Even the developers' body, CREDAI, has lauded this move. CREDAI (NCR) vice president and Amrapali group CMD, Anil Sharma, said, \"We will definitely give special treatment to out existing buyers.\" Agreeing with him, Ajnara group director, Vinit Gupta, said, \"This win would not have been possible without the cooperation and patience of buyers, so we will not impose the revised rates on them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798804", "title": "AIADMK meet likely to discuss early LS polls", "text": "CHENNAI: AIADMK executive committee meeting scheduled on Monday is expected to pass resolutions on Cauvery river water, frequent attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen by the Sri Lankan Navy and what the party perceives is an indifferent attitude of the Centre towards the state's problems on various fronts.AIADMK general secretary and chief minister J Jayalalithaa and senior party leaders will attend the meeting at the party headquarters. Analysts believe the meeting will go beyond local and regional issues and discuss the strategy for building the party's strength and resources in the event of early Lok Sabha elections.On Sunday, AIADMK activists put up colourful posters , banners and festoons on all roads leading to the party headquarters. On the eve of the meet, Jayalalithaa has carried out a reshuffle of AIADMK office-bearers with ministers P Palaniappan and B Valarmathi appointed as new office-bearers for the AIADMK headquarters. Minister for higher education Palaniappan was made the new headquarters secretary, while Valarmathi was appointed as the secretary of the party's literary wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15799095", "title": "Admissions open", "text": "University of Technology and Management (UTM), Shillong, has opened admissions in order to accommodate those students from North East whose studies may have been affected by the recent disturbances in some states. Accordingly, students who have already taken admissions to courses in other states, but who are now keen to take admission in any one of the following four programmes of UTM Shillong, will be eligible for fees concession. This is to partly compensate them for the fees that they might have already paid while taking admission elsewhere.Admissions are open in the following programmes \u2014 BTech in computer science engineering with specialisation in cloud computing and virtualisation technologies (run by UTM in academic collaboration with IBM ), BTech in electronics and communication engineering, BBA in hospitality, travel and tourism, and MBA in event management. Since classes have already started, for students coming in now, UTM will make provisions for supplementary classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815562", "title": "Surya\u2019s Duplicate (Maattraan) release on Oct 12", "text": "Suriya's upcoming action thriller Duplicate (Maatraan in Tamil) will be releasing on October 12 in both versions. Producer Bellamkonda Suresh has bought the rights of the Telugu version and is planning to release the film on a grand scale.The movie, which has Suriya playing conjoined twins, is directed by K V Anand (Rangam fame). Surya as conjoined twins has done all the fights, dances in the movie using Motion Capture Technology. Harris Jayaraj has composed the music and the audio will be released in September.Kajal Aggarwal is playing the female lead in this film, which has a tagline \"Sometimes the End is just the Beginning\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15792621", "title": "Lansdowne shut for a week, fitness inspection is on", "text": "MYSORE: A day after the Lansdowne Building tragedy left four persons dead, the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) authorities on Sunday admitted to lapses and also got cracking with a three-pronged action plan. MCC commissioner M R Ravi said the building was sitting on a possible tragedy. He told members of the trading community at a meeting on Sunday: \"It (the tragedy) was expected.\" This touched off grilling by the traders, but district minister S A Ramdas strongly defended the official and told the traders: \"We will come back to you after a week.\"On the action front, the corporation is keen on surveying all the heritage buildings of the city. The plan is: the building will be closed for a week; a team of experts in civil engineering and conservation will suggest remedies; and the corporation will study the structural stability of Mysore's heritage buildings over the next four weeks to decide on the kind of attention they deserve. During the inspection, the Lansdowne area will remain cordoned off.A three-member team will evaluate the monument. It comprises Bangalore-based C S Vishwanath, a civil engineering expert who heads Karnataka's Quality Control Task Force, and Syed Shakeeb-ur-Rahman from Mysore's Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering. The third member will be a conservationist from the Unesco-led Indian Heritage Cities Network. Ramdas hasn't ruled out pulling down the 120-year-old building, reinforcing a demand voiced by many concerned citizens. The minister threw in a caveat, saying the decision rests largely on the experts' report. He said: \"We'll decide the fate of building based on their recommendations and feedback from other stakeholders.\"An eerie silence enveloped the building on Sunday, a hive of activity until Saturday evening when the roof of the building crashed. Police personnel and firemen stood guard as the MCC personnel removed the rubble and de-clogged the drains to let out rainwater. The district administration announced Rs 1.5 lakh in compensation to the families of the dead. The traders were reluctant to shut shop for a week. Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad said: \"We cannot allow trading at the building until it is declared fit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15789451", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation awaits govt nod for pending shake-up", "text": "When Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) was formed in April 2007 by merging 12 surrounding municipalities with the then Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad (MCH), the rulers had grandiose visions of creating an international standard city and offering civic services on par with world-class cities like Singapore, Shanghai and Kuala Lumpur. The expansive civic body was also tasked to provide \"better civic amenities with planned development\" compared to the four metros-Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai.True, Hyderabad emerged as the second largest metro in terms of area and fifth biggest in terms of population, with 72 lakh people living in an urban sprawl of 625 sq kms. But the dream of making it akin to Kuala Lumpur or developing its civic infrastructure to rival that of any of the four metros has turned sour. Lack of adequate financial resources notwithstanding, the GHMC hardly has the wherewithal-in terms of manpower and administrative capabilities-to execute the plans that it has taken up over the last five years. GHMC has 24,240 workers, including contract staff, on its rolls but their work is hardly noticeable.When the GHMC was constituted, a three-tier structure was put in place with head office at the apex level, five zonal offices at the intermediate level and 18 circle offices at the lower rung. The 150 electoral wards-100 in the erstwhile MCH and 50 in the former municipalities-are coalesced into five zones and 18 circles. The 2001 census population in these zones ranged between 5.30 lakh to 18.10 lakh and in the circles, from 76,538 to 9,01,226. The number of election wards included in these circles ranged between two to 25 but 2011 census noted an enormous growth in the population in each of the existing circles and zones, particularly in the areas in the erstwhile adjoining municipalities falling under the jurisdiction of Ranga Reddy district. The population rose from 36.86 lakh in 2001 to 40.10 lakh in 2011 in erstwhile MCH area and soared from 17.18 lakh in 2001 to 33.69 lakh in former municipalities, indicating a decadal growth of 11.95% and 95.30% respectively.The expert committee, constituted by the state government under the chairmanship of retired IAS officer M Prasada Rao, submitted its report on rationalization of staffing pattern and reorganisation of circles and zones in GHMC in November 2011. The Prasada Rao Committee has recommended retaining the three-tier administrative structure with reorganisation of the zones and circles. The panel has suggested that the number of zones can remain at five but the number of circles has to be increased from the existing 18 to 30, based on population to provide a decentralized set-up in the functioning of GHMC to improve urban governance and service delivery.Circle offices are proposed to be reorganized at the rate of one circle office for a population of 2.65 lakh in erstwhile MCH and 2.25 lakh in former municipalities. The panel has suggested increasing the number of circles in the core area from 7 to 15 and in the peripheral areas from 11 to 15 as higher growth of population is anticipated in the non-core sprawl. It has recommended constituting one zonal office for every six circle offices to maintain uniformity in population to be served by each zonal office and to ensure effective supervision over the functioning of circle offices.Reorganisation of circles and zones would be done on the basis of 2011 census population, geographical contiguity and delimitation of electoral wards.The reorganised circles in two distinct areas - core city (old MCH) and peripheral areas (erstwhile municipalities)-would not overlap into each other. The zones would comprise a central zone (central business district areas) and north, south, west and east zones. Except central zone, the other zones would include circles from the core and peripheral areas with geographical contiguity.The work of reorganisation of circles and zones could not be taken up by the GHMC so far, since this premier civic body is awaiting the state government's approval for the rationalisation of staffing pattern, namely, for recruitment of additional staff to supplement the existing staff strength. Earlier this year, the standing committee approved the recommendations of the Prasada Rao committee with some modifications and sent the same for the government's concurrence. Now, the ball is in the state government's court.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788145", "title": "Patient leaves hospital with oxygen mask on", "text": "KOLKATA: A 38-year-old patient died at RG Kar hospital on Sunday after he walked out of the hospital with his oxygen mask still strapped on.Undetected by the security personnel, he managed to cross the road, but collapsed on reaching the other side. Bystanders took him to the hospital, where doctors declared him dead.The patient, identified as Khokon Pal, was admitted on August 24. He was being treated for pancreatitis at the medicine ward on the sixth floor. His condition was serious because of which he was depressed.The hospital authorities, however, denied any negligence on part of the security personnel. \"There is a large number of people walking in and out of hospitals. Though all those entering the wards are checked to see if they are carrying valid visitor's cards, not all those who walk out are checked. However, we will conduct an enquiry,\" said Dr Siddhartha Niyogi, deputy super of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15795169", "title": "Violence mars BND college elections", "text": "KANPUR: Violence broke out in the student union elections at Brahmanand Degree College on Sunday when supporters of two candidates clashed. The rowdy students hurled crude bombs and opened firing from country-made weapons.They started throwing stones at each other and created ruckus. This led to chaos and panic on the Mall Road, where the college is situated. No one was injured in the violence. The police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the students. The traffic remained affected from Narhona crossing to Murray Company bridge. The shops on both the side of the road remained closed. A prominent mall and a cinema hall also remained closed till 12.30 pm.The college authorities claimed that the elections were held as per the recommendations of Lyngdoh committee.Amid violence, a total of 1,175 votes were polled for the post of president and general secretary. In all, there are 4,266 but thousands of them did not come to use their right to franchise.Ramji Tiwari became the president by receiving 761 votes. Rohit Sonkar bagged the general secretary's seat. The BND Degree College authorities informed that 57.54% votes were polled.The supporters of the contestants remained engaged in sloganeering. They also formed a motorcycle chain on Mall Road near Murray Company bridge to block the traffic. The police had to use mild force to disperse them.Following violence, the shops on the Mall Road area got closed. The traffic movement was badly affected. The tempos also chose different routes to run towards Lal Bangla area. The supporters of the candidates, not possessing the identity cards were denied entry into the college. These students could not cast vote and created ruckus outside the campus.The heavy deployment of police and PAC ensured that the student groups remained scattered. Students were present from Sapna Talkies to Narhona. The police also ensured that the paan shops near the college remained closed. The cops did not allow students to stand in groups at Narhona crossing. Immediately after violence, the police used force to push back the mob.The police informed that the supporters of candidates vying to be general secretary had clashed with each other. No complaint was made from either side, therefore, the case could not be registered.The BND college administration had made tight security arrangements. The police and the college authorities did not allow anyone to enter the campus without identity card.The students coming to vote for the first time were full of enthusiasm. The BSc first year students stood in a long row to use their franchise. Most of the BSc students had come to vote in favour of their colleague Rohit Sonkar, who was contesting for general secretary's seat. A good number of girls had also come to vote. Ruchi said that she was happy to cast her vote for the first time.The college administration had made special arrangements for students coming to cast votes. The students were given entry from gate number one and after casting their vote they were asked to leave from gate number three. The students after casting their franchise were not allowed to stay back in the college.The counting of votes was done between 4-5 pm, after which the results were declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15799055", "title": "Blend of tech and tradition", "text": "Sandeep Sangaru, through his new business venture, designs, innovates, develops and manufactures furniture. Winner of the British Council's Young Creative Entrepreneur Award, he works in collaboration with traditional artisans.The award will take Sandeep on a study tour to England this October . Trained as an Industrial designer (specialising in furniture design) from the National Institute of Design (NID), Sandeep is much influenced by western design.He joined NID later as a faculty member and this time around his thinking took a shift. \"I was exposed to craft and was amazed by the skills and traditional knowledge of an artisan working with everyday material . The output of these techniques used by artisans to create tools and wares cannot be taught in any school. After catching a glimpse of this, I decided to work and explore more in the area of crafts and traditional methods. I was fortunate to work on some projects in Kashmir, Tripura and Rajasthan,\" he shares.Unfortunately, the products developed during the period never saw the daylight of the market, but it led Sandeep to launch Sangaru Design Objects Pvt Ltd in 2010. \"I wanted to bring traditional knowledge and design &amp; technology together to make objects of daily use invaluable, accessible and desirable.\"Also the winner of the Red Dot Design Award in 2009 and Design For Asia Award in 2011, what is his advice to the youngsters wanting to pursue Design? \"Design is not what it looks, but how it arrives. It is a space that is constantly evolving much like technology , except that technology is linear and analytical, and design \u2014 lateral. It is like driving on Indian roads, one is constantly making decisions . You can't ignore what is behind, but you keep moving ahead. Good designs are created much the same way,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15798771", "title": "Turmeric farmers seek support price", "text": "COIMBATORE: All-India Turmeric Farmers' Federation has decided its members will not sell turmeric this season without getting a minimum price of Rs 9,000 per quintal.\"A resolution in this regard was adopted during Saturday's meeting. We have launched a company named Agriculture Producers Company Limited, which will periodically review the minimum price,'' said national president of the organisation PK Deiva Sigamani. \"We have made public our strategy. Like in any similar field, farmers must have the right to fix the price. Price regulation for egg and cotton is being controlled by the farmers. We will decide the price and keep cartels and their agents at bay,'' he said.However, Tamilaga Viasayigal Sangham leader C Logusamy voiced a different opinion. \"It is a welcome change if farmers can fix the price. However , what happens if buyers refuse to pay the fixed rate? Wealthy farmers can store their produce until they get a better price. It will be impossible for small farmers who depend primarily on bank loans,\" he said. \"The need of the hour is to get government assurance on market control and intervention. Only the government can impose a ceiling on cultivation and ensure better prices,'' he added.Both leaders agree that turmeric must get a minimum price ranging between Rs 10,000 and Rs 13,000 per quintal as the production cost alone works up to Rs 8,500. The present market rate is Rs 7,000 per quintal. Turmeric that was sold at Rs 17,000 a quintal two years ago touched a low of Rs 3,500 in June before settling down at Rs 7,000 a quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15799119", "title": "The art of storytelling", "text": "Anjum Rajabali , scriptwriter of Rajneeti and Aarakshan and head of the screenwriting department at FTII, Pune, tells Ruchi Kumar that it takes a lion's heart, fire in one's eyes, and a hugely thick skin to be a scriptwriterWhat innate skills and qualities should an aspirant possess before venturing into a career in film writing?Screenwriting involves art and craft in equal measure. Hence, there should be a desire to tell stories, to explore hidden experiences, a fascination with fantasy, and the ability to stretch one's imagination to grasp what a character may be feeling. It is also important to acknowledge that the form of a screenplay is restrictive . Cinema, being an audio-visual medium, only admits those story-situations , which can be depicted via those senses. Newcomers usually get vexed when they discover these limitations. So, it is better to have at least a basic sense of what the form is about before deciding to take it up as a career. Observing films closely and then studying their scripts should give aspirants a fairly clear idea of how the expression of a story has to be reoriented towards a cinematic portrayal of the same.Considering that the industry relies heavily on an individual's creativity and imagination, can one learn really 'learn' scriptwriting in a classroom ?It is possible to learn screenwriting on one's own. In fact, most scriptwriters in the world are selftaught . The same insights that one would have gathered on one's own, are now acquired in a more structured and systematic manner. Films and scripts are studied regularly to improve one's understanding of the craft. And above all, courses make it mandatory for each student to write his/ her scripts within the stipulated time table of the course, which makes for a disciplined approach to creative work. And the bonus is that experienced faculty mentors your writing, so you get regular feedback and guidance at every stage. This can be absolutely invaluable, as every student who has done a course will tell you. So, yes, it is possible to learn scriptwriting in a classroom if the curricular approach emphasises that the main learning happens through the student's own writing.Aspiring writers often fear producing ' madeto-order' content. How open is the film industry, when it comes to allowing artistic freedom?If you take all the scripts of a writer's career, the division between those based on his original ideas and those crafted from ideas that were given by the producerdirector is usually 50:50. The challenge is to accept the given story idea or plot and make it one's own. The final expression of the story in the script is usually the writer's , regardless of where the story originated. This balance every screenwriter has to learn.Is a career in scriptwriting financially rewarding?For a new writer, it takes a bit of time to find one's professional groove and status in the film industry. But assuming that the person has talent and the tenacity to work hard and patiently, screenwriting is an extremely rewarding profession. It is possible to have a decent living as a professional screenwriter.A word of advise for budding writers?These days eager young people first look at the professional scope that a line of work offers, before figuring out if that is indeed what they want to do. My suggestion would be for them to attempt to write a script first, on their own, on a speculative basis , merely to see what the experience is like. If it appeals to them genuinely, then the next step is to learn \u2014 either on their own, or in course. Once you've got a grip on the craft, just go for it with vigour. Your energy will open up paths professionally for you as you go along!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15785409", "title": "Railways\u2019 freight corridor to be signal free", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 3,338 km exclusive freight corridor, being constructed by the Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation, will be level crossing free to ensure seamless transportation of goods.The move has come as a major help for railways as it will ensure elimination of around 1,900 level crossings by constructing road over-bridges or road under-bridges on existing railways routes along the freight corridor route.The plan will not only eliminate accidents at level crossings but will also improve the line capacity as trains get held up at busy level crossing gates.\"Railway Board has cleared the plan which will cost around Rs 15,000 crore. DFCC has been given the responsibility to execute it,\" said RK Gupta, MD, DFCC.Currently, of the total 32,735 level crossings, 14,896 are unmanned and these lead to deaths due to negligence of road users.Casualties in level crossing accidents contribute to 65% deaths and 38% injuries out of the total tally of casualties due to train accidents of all types. Also, level crossing gates are resource intensive for their operation and maintenance.The railways' high-level committee on safety headed by Anil Kakodkar has emphasized the need to eliminate all level crossings whether manned (with or without signals) or unmanned in the next five years.Apart from saving lives, it is estimated that savings on account of elimination of all level crossings will be to the tune of about Rs 7,000 crore every year, the committee said.Despite passing through a financial crunch, the government is supporting the ambitious freight project that is seen as a necessity for survival of the transporter.The Rs 77,000-crore mega project aims to build new tracks to transport containers and commodities at speeds of 100 km per hour, reducing travel time by a third. The corridors will ensure a quantum leap in increasing the railways' transportation capacity by building high-speed and high-capacity dedicated freight corridors.Considering the importance of the project for economic growth, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) is monitoring progress of construction of the exclusive freight corridors.It is expected that operationalisation of freight corridors will lead to shifting of freight traffic from road to low carbon intensive transport mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792257", "title": "Lucknow University opts for video mode to check outsiders", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to keep outsiders away, Lucknow University has decided to video record the entry of vehicles at the university's gate number one. And if university officials are to be believed, then expenditure incurred on this head will be counted under the expenses to be incurred by candidates for student union polls.After incidents of violence were reported from LU, the university administration intensified its drive to check identity cards of students. Students are told to carry identity card with them and show it to the concerned officials during inspection. In case, any student does not have the identity card, they should keep a copy of fee receipt or old identity card. Besides, intense checking of university hostels will be carried out. University authorities have also instructed students studying in LU and associated colleges interested to contest student union polls not to violate the Supreme Court directions.Taking strict cognizance of the disturbing incidents taking place in the campus, the university authorities have issued instructions to the students not to roam in the campus in their free time. In case there is no class, students are told to either spend time in the library or go back to their homes. If any student is caught loitering in the campus, their identity card will be confiscated, and the student will be let off only after his/her guardians comes to rescue them.To make the environment congenial, varsity authorities have directed students to involve themselves in cultural activities, sports and other co-curricular activities taking place in the campus. Students have been instructed not to move in groups inside the campus. Further, restriction has been imposed on carrying out any protest, procession and graffiti inside the campus premises. \"If someone is caught flouting the rules, strict action will be taken and a fine of Rs 25,000 will be imposed on the student,\" said University proctor Prof Pawan Agarwal.Hostellers have been instructed not to extend support to strangers. To keep a check on strangers from entering the hostels, students are directed to take permission from the respective provosts in case of stay of their relatives inside the hostel. Flouting of the said norms can lead to suspension and even expulsion of the student.University proctor Prof Pawan Agarwal said, As per Lyngdoh committee recommendations, a candidate contesting elections can spend a maximum of Rs 5,000. We will add the amount spend by the student leaders in moving in the SUVs and other vehicles.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15784024", "title": "Over 30k take part in Thane marathon", "text": "THANE: Indian Army's Karan Singh and Ashish Singh secured the first and the runners-up positions respectively in the 21-km Thane mayor's monsoon marathon which saw over 30,000 participants on Sunday. Monica Athre from Nashik District Amateur Athletic Association and Kiran Tiwary from Western Railways won the women's 15-km run.Singh was awarded Rs 51,000 and Athre, Rs 35,000. Eknath Patil and Sunanda Deshpande won the 4-km dream run for senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15782338", "title": "Gondwana University will help develop region: RR Patil", "text": "Chandrapur: Gondwana University has been established to bring honour and development to Gadchiroli district. The new university will spread education in rural areas. This university will help the students here to face challenges of 21st century by providing them modern education, while bringing new opportunities to their doorstep, said home minister RR Patil. He was addressing the inaugural function of newly created Gondwana University in Gadchiroli on Sunday.Gondwana University, created by bifurcating Nagpur University, was formally inaugurated by Patil on the foundation day of Gadchiroli district. Minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope chaired the programme. Tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute, ZP president Bhagyashree Atram, MP Marotrao Kowase, MLA Namdeo Usendi, Vijay Wadettiwar, Anandrao Gedam, Deepak Atram, vice-chancellor Vijay Ainchwar, district collector Abhishek Krishna and former union minister of state Shantaram Potdukhe were present on the occasion.\"Education prepares one to face life's problems by inculcating values. It is moment of pride for Chandrapur and Gadchiroli district. The university was necessary to bring development to this deprived district. Now, the University must create ample employment opportunities through new syllabus and research,\" said Patil.Rajesh Tope suggested that the university should carry out research on forest wealth available in the district. \"Create syllabus based on local requirement that would help in developing skilled manpower. Institute a new study panel capable of devising such a syllabus,\" said Tope. He claimed of taking decision over requirements of Gondwana University.Tribal development minister Pachpute and MLA Usendi also addressed the gathering. Vice-chancellor Vijay Ainchwar during his introductory remarks demanded 300 acres of land for construction of university campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798151", "title": "Food and Drug Administration seizes gutka worth Rs 18 lakh in one month", "text": "NASHIK: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA), continuing its drive against gutka, has confiscated gutka pouches worth Rs 18.4 lakh during the last one month in the Nashik division.The state government has imposed a one-year ban on the sale and consumption of gutka from July 20, 2012. Accordingly, Nashik divisional office of FDA has started a drive against gutka since then in Nashik division, which includes five districts- Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nadurbar.Speaking to TOI, Chandrakant Pawar, joint commissioner (Food), Nashik division, FDA, said, \"We have undertaken a drive against gutka in the Nashik division from the day the state government imposed the ban on gutka. From August 21 to 25, we conducted raids at various places in Nashik division and confiscated gutka nearly worth Rs 8.4 lakh.Our main aim is not only to make Nashik division free of gutka, but to also protect the new generation from falling prey to the substance. Conducting awareness programmes for school students is a part of this initiative. We will continue our gutka inspection drive across Nashik,\" Pawar said.Speaking on its crackdown against gutka establishments Pawar added, \"We are not only inspecting pan stalls and wholesale shops stocking gutka, but are also taking measures to prevent gutka from being supplied from outside the state. Till date, we have confiscated and destroyed gutka worth Rs 18.4 lakh,\" Pawar said.Acting on a tip off, a team of FDA officials on August 21 had raided a vehicle in Nandurbar and confiscated gutka worth Rs 6.13 lakh. On August 22, FDA officials had raided a grocery shop at Kusumba village near Dhule and confiscated gutka pouches worth Rs 68,000.The state government has imposed a one-year ban on the sale and consumption of gutka from July 20, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15793978", "title": "One in five Britons seek to rekindle first love", "text": "LONDON: One in five Britons long to rekindle romance with former flame, with men wanting this more than women because they have a \"lower emotional intelligence\", said psychologists.At least 21% of Brits admitted they are secretly planning a reunion with their first lover - and men are most likely to carry a torch for an old flame, with 24% admitting they still lust after an ex, the Daily Mail reported.It seems Londoners are the most likely to deceive their current partner, with 19% of people from the capital lying about being in contact with a former lover - and 100% of those who have made contact say they did so expressly to get back together.Social networking sites have made it easier to find and chat up an ex, with 74% of women using Facebook to link up with an old lover. Men, meanwhile, are much more likely to keep in touch through email (33%) or text (31%).Psychologists have warned that attempting to reignite them is unhealthy and can be emotionally damaging.\"Our first love tends to leave a big emotional imprint. It tends to be a powerful experience and the memory sticks with us as a reminder of more carefree, uninhibited days,\" psychologist Cary Cooper, of Lancaster University, said. \"But it's a mistake to think that 10 or 20 years down the line it could ever be the same, as our circumstances change and we have greater responsibilities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15793606", "title": "Make SC approval must for mining leases: S R Hiremath", "text": "HUBLI: In its latest submission before the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) of the Supreme Court, Samaj Parivartana Samudaya (SPS) has appealed to the court to direct governments against issuing any new mining leases without prior permission from the Supreme Court.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday, National Committee for Protection of Natural Resources (NCPNR) founder-president S R Hiremath said in the submission filed before the CEC on August 24 on 'pending and related orders', the organization had also sought immediate cancellation of mining leases included under category 'B' and 'C'.Hiremath said through the submission, SPS had also urged for a creating system so that any new mining lease would be auctioned as per the apex court's decision in the 2G Spectrum case.\"We have appealed to the CEC to recommend for immediate cancellation of the mining leases and also recover the money they got through illegal mining apart from initiating criminal prosecution against the mining companies based on the findings of the joint team and the CEC,\" he said.Hiremath said the SPS had also sought suspension and cancellation of six mining leases in the Bellary Reserve Forest in Ananthpur district of Andhra Pradesh that included four leases owned by Reddy brothers and associates as per the recommendations of the CEC in its very first report.Hiremath said the other pending issues mentioned in the submission pertained to the Ramghad forest area, Swami Malai Forest, ban on export, creation of special purpose vehicle for meeting the needs of the local communities, their livelihood, education and health and others.To a query, Hiremath said the inclusion of some mining companies which had irregularities and illegalities in their operations in category 'A' of the CEC report had certainly given room for suspicion. However the Forest Bench had already directed CEC to file a report on the same following objections by SPS, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15787104", "title": "Tipsy girl brings traffic to a halt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 20-year-old tipsy girl created a ruckus for more than half-an-hour, leading to traffic chaos at the sectors 7 and 8 roundabout on Sunday night. The absence of a woman cop in the PCR vehicle, which arrived on the spot after 12 minutes of the information being passed to the police control room, didn't help matters either and the girl continued with her shenanigans, with some of the passerby saying that the presence of a woman cop was necessary in handling the girl.The PCR gypsy that arrived stood on the spot for the next 10 minutes waiting for a woman cop but when no female cop arrived, the girl was taken to Government Multi-specialty Hospital (GMH), Sector 16 in the PCR vehicle, with some passersby insisting that they take her there. The tipsy girl wearing a black shirt and jeans came to the main road and started shouting at commuters, who stopped their vehicles assuming the girl had been hit by a vehicle. Two traffic police constables present on the spot too hesitated to restrain the girl.The drama started around 8.25pm and it continued till 9.5pm when a PCR vehicle took her for medical examination and medication at GMH, Sector 16.A traffic head constable, who was at the roundabout said, \"The girl suddenly appeared on the main road from Sector 8 side and started shouting at commuters. When I tried to control her, she told me that I dare not touch her but then fell to the ground.\" Earlier, with the help of some passersby, the girl was taken to one side of the road. She then started pleading with them to drop her to her house without giving her address. The girl is admitted to GMH-16 and her medical examination confirmed the presence of alcohol in her blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779560", "title": "High hopes of travelling by double decker", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the inaugural run of the Delhi-Jaipur; hopes are that the much awaited Ahmedabad-Mumbai Double decker train, between the two most sought destinations, would also be on the tracks soon.Officials said that there were expectations that the train would be flagged off by the end of this month from Mumbai, but the railways are yet to receive the schedule for the train.Once operational, the train will further cut down the air traffic passengers. However, officials believe that all would depend on the train's schedule.The train will have 10 coaches in the beginning with 120 seats in each compartment, up from 78 in Shatabdi coaches. At 4.36 meter high, the coaches are only 12 cm taller than that of an ordinary train. Of the 120 seats, 50 are on the upper deck, 48 on the lower deck, and 22 are at normal height.Officials said that the train was scheduled to begin its journey earlier this year, but flagging off of the train was delayed but due to security reasons. There is a possibility that the train might start by the month end.The schedule for the train is to be received atleast 15 days in advance of the scheduled run but the railways are yet to announce it. The train would have eight AC chair car coaches and two power cabin coaches.According to the officials, the train is expected to halt at Nadiad, Vadodara, Bharuch and Surat on its way. In order to cut on the travel time, it will halt only for two minutes at every station but for Vadodara and Surat where it will halt for five minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782415", "title": "Corporators want inspection of road digging restoration work", "text": "NAGPUR: The standing committee of the NMC had conducted an inspection of inferior quality of road asphalting works and exposed the bogus claims of the NMC engineers and contractors. The quality of restoration work done on stretches of roads dug for laying of water pipeline is worse than the quality of road asphalting works and posing a threat to citizens. Now the corporators want inspection of these works which are causing revenue loss to the NMC to a great extent.According to data available with the NMC, 271.15km stretch on roads was dug for laying water pipeline under Pench-IV project sanctioned by the Central government under JNNURM. According to the project, 314.99km stretch on the roads was to be dug for laying of water network. The remaining stretch of 43.84km is to be dug in the coming days.Of total 271.15km stretch where the digging was done, the work include 5.69km stretch from Godhani to Rajbhavan. Besides, 28.77km was dug from Rajbhavan to newly constructed or under construction 20 over head water tanks situated in various parts of the city. Also the stretch of 236.69km was dug from the tanks to nearby areas for laying water network. Most of the stretches have been restored by use of concrete.The pressure of traffic on these stretches is very less as situated on the shoulder portion of the roads which come under use very rarely. Still, the restored stretches are caving in at many places. Even, the NMC had carried out asphalting work on few stretches when undertaken work on the entire road. Few such stretches have also caved in. An example is the stretch on RPTS road near NEERI Colony and also on NEERI road.Explaining the shoddy restoration work, Shiv Sena group leader Suresh Talwekar told TOI that big potholes have developed on many restored stretches in his ward. \"Cave-ins and potholes may be seen in many places on the stretch on Kalamna road which is part of the ring road. Similar situation is seen at Pawan Nagar near Yashodhara police station, Tipu Sultan square, Pawan Nagar, Shivshakti Nagar, Shivaji Nagar square etc. An inquiry should be conducted into the entire restoration work as crores of rupees were spent on Pench project,\" he said.BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye said that the quality of restoration work is very poor. \"Caving in portions at Manavta School in Kunjilalpeth behind GMCH, Trisharan square etc in my ward are posing threat to road users. Motorists are afraid to take their vehicles on these portions. The officials of water works department are even not taking cognisance of complaints,\" he said.Member of standing committee and senior corporator Parinay Fuke said that Dharampeth zone is also facing the same problem, where pilot project of 24X7 water supply was implemented. \"I can show many places where the restored stretches have caved in, especially in Bhajiprabhu Nagar, Gokulpeth, Ramnagar, Pandhrabodi etc. I asphalted the portions but still the situation is as it is. I will raise the issue in the meeting of the standing committee,\" he said. The officials of water works department were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/balangir", "code": "15785205", "title": "CM demands manning of all level crossings in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BALANGIR: Two days after 14 persons were killed when a train rammed into a three-wheeler at an unmanned level crossing near Sambalpur, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Sunday asked Union railway minister Mukul Roy to man all level crossings in the state.There are more than 600 unmanned railway level crossing gates in the East Coast Railway's jurisdiction. \"As these gates have become potential death-traps, immediate steps should be taken by the Railways to either convert them into manned level crossings or construct road over-bridges or under-bridges at these spots to avoid reoccurrence of such unfortunate incidents,\" the CM wrote in a letter to Roy.The CM said 20 persons died due to accidents at unmanned level crossing gates in EcoR in the past one year.Meanwhile, the divisional railway office of the East Coast Railways said a proposal to build a sub-way at the crossing was awaiting the district collector's nod since May.Divisional safety officer Pitabas Panda said, \"Keeping in view the recurrence of accidents at level crossings, the Railways has planned to build sub-ways at 169 places. Since it involves acquisition of lands, the Railways has take the collectors' approval. Of these 169 proposals, only 36 have got the collector's approval so far. The Khairpali underpass plan is yet to be cleared by the Sambalpur collector.\"When contacted, Sambalpur collector Mrinalini Darswal denied delaying the project. \"The underpass plan is not pending with me. I have approved it and sent it to the DRM.\"Panda informed that of the level crossings in Sambalpur railway division, 60 crossings between Sambalpur and Angul are accident-prone. The railways has abolished 169 unmanned crossings and diverted road routes at 80 such points. Plans are afoot to build over-bridges at 20 crossings.The divisional safety officer said the divisional railway office had been spreading awareness campaigns in villages about passing through level crossings. But, these have not yielded result.\"Despite our best efforts to aware people, bikers, passers by and small lorries and jeeps pass through the crossing even when the train is barely hundred metre away. A speeding train comes to halt 600 metre away from where the emergency brake is applied. Khairpali crossing was of low traffic value unit (TVU). Unless the TVU goes beyond 3,000 units, we don't recommend manned crossings,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15807122", "title": "Deepika and daddy bond over films", "text": "Deepika Padukone doesn't just know how to balance her professional and personal life, but is also completely a daddy's girl.A few days back when her father Prakash was in the city, the actress made sure she spent quality time with him. Having a day off from her busy schedule, she planned a shopping trip, a dinner and also a marathon movie session at her plush Worli residence.A source told us, \"With so many film commitments and outdoor shoots, Deepika hardly gets time to spend with her family. Her father is her support system. She feels protected when he is around. Since now she lives alone in the city, she got all excited when her dad came down. The day he arrived, they went out for a quiet dinner. Later, they went shopping and bought a lot of DVDs.\"Dippy's little sister Anisha Padukone accompanied her father to Mumbai. \"The trio had a marathon movie session at home,\" added the source.Deepika however, chose not to talk about her family time, when contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15807371", "title": "Tata Consultancy Services: Hard to find right acquisition target in Europe", "text": "BANGALORE: India's top software services exporter Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) says it's very hard to find the right acquisition target with strategic fit in Europe and it will take time to strike such deals.\"It's very hard. I will also say that we are looking for the right asset. But it's very hard, very hard because the assets available (for sale) for some reason or other, it does not work for us...doesn't qualify the (our) needs\", TCS Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director N Chandrasekaran told reporters here.\"It's not that the (available) asset is bad or whatever, it's just that what you need is not met\", he said, adding, TCS was very clear about what it wants and it takes time (to find the right target)\".But Chandrasekaran also said he did not see deterioration in demand environment for IT services companies, despite the Euro zone woes.\"In fact, we (TCS) are seeing pick-up in Europe. In fact, our growth in Europe should be better (than in the US)...sequentially improving,\" he said.Sounding positive on the demand environment in Europe, he said companies in that region are staying on the course. \"European companies do not mean that they have operations in that region only; they have global operations. Only some parts of Europe are passing through difficulties and it's not correct to paint the entire region in a broad brush.\"Chandrasekaran, however, said while the growth in the financial services segment will be better than before, it would still be slower compared to its peak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15790126", "title": "Assam remains tense, 2 more bodies found", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam remained on the boil on Sunday with two more bodies found, taking the toll in the last two day's of renewed violence to nine. On Saturday, seven people from a relief camp were killed and the total number of people killed in the ethnic strife since July is now 88.Police said a man's body with injury marks was found at Sukhanjora village under Bogribari police station in Dhubri district on Sunday morning. He was missing since Saturday. Protesters blocked NH-31 in Matrijoka in Dhubri until the police took the body for post mortem examination. Another body was found late on Saturday night in Chirang.Miscreants also attacked a woman and child leaving them seriously injured near the Salakati railway station in Kokrajhar on Sunday morning. State IGP (law and order) LR Bishnoi said the woman and child were admitted to Bongaigaon civil hospital.After a spell of relative calm, violence has resurfaced in Chirang in lower Assam, where six people were hacked to death while returning to their village from a relief camp. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has sent agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka and forest minister Rockybul Husain to Malipara in Bijni to tackle the situation.The Saturday killings took place despite heavy deployment of security forces in the area, at a time when CBI sleuths are camping there to investigate the clashes between Bodos and Muslims.In reaction to Saturday's killing near Mongolia Bazaar in Chirang, a demonstration took place in front of Bijni police station. The protesters demanded the arrest of the culprits within 24 hours and dissolution of the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC).Ulfa warningAssam police have not ruled out the hand of militants in the killings of refugees but new reports indicate that the killers could be among the recent mass exodus from the southern states. \"There are doubts that some of who have recently come back from the south following the rumoured threats there might have organized here and carried out the attack yesterday,\" a source said.BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary appealed to the inmates of relief camps not to venture out without informing the police and taking security cover.Ulfa's anti-talks faction leader Paresh Baruah, in an emailed statement to newspapers, warned of attacks on people from other states living in Assam if the attacks on Assamese people did not halt in other parts of the country. The militant leader said that 14 Assamese youth have been killed in different places outside the state. Baruah also warned Muslim groups against spreading communal hatred in the state and alleged that Congress and BJP are playing their own games keeping in view the coming parliamentary elections in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15786986", "title": "Intermediate student hangs self in hostel", "text": "HYDERABAD: An Intermediate student committed suicide by hanging himself at the hostel of a private junior college on the outskirts of the city on Sunday. Meenavath Tejo Naik, 16, of Achampet in Mahbubnagar district, was a first year student (MPC) of Narayana junior college in Nallagandla. Tejo Naik's father Denia Naik works as a conductor with APSRTC and his mother is a school teacher.On Sunday, at about 5.30pm, students found Tejo Naik dead in his hostel room on the college campus in Nallagandla. \"While others went to the college, Tejo Naik complained of ill health and was taken to the nearby hospital by the college staff. After the check-up, Tejo came back to college and stayed in his hostel room. His death came to light when students returned to the hostel in the evening,\" Chandanagar inspector N Venkateshwarulu said.Students found Naik hanging from the ceiling fan with a towel and alerted the college management. He was quickly rushed to the hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. \"We have not found any suicide note. Three days ago the boy was shifted to Nallagandla campus from Narayanguda campus for poor performance. That could be one of the reasons for his death,\" the inspector said.Naik is the only child and till the last reports came in, his parents were yet to reach the college. Police have booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the CrPC and shifted the body for a post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15782375", "title": "CM sets aside Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority\u2019s planned largesse for NGO", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority some time ago consented to consider a curious land deal. The proposed arrangement was that it would construct with about Rs 81 crore of its own money a building for a research organization on latter's land in the Bandra-Kurla Complex. In addition, it would pay the NGO Rs 135 crore. Once the structure is ready, the research centre would get half of the built-up area and MMRDA the other half.The deal stuck out for more than a fair share of reasons. The Rs 135 crore figure, it is alleged, was arrived at arbitrarily. The total investment of Rs 216 crore was too steep for the amount of built-up area it was getting. MMRDA already has a lot of unutilised space, so it did not need the NGO's place. Most importantly, it would have been \"extremely difficult\" for MMRDA to utilize the building since the proposed FSI of 3 was meant for \"social facilities\".The atypical arrangement, which was \"approved\" by the last MMRDA commissioner, Ratnakar Gaikwad, sent tremors of fear this year through the planning authority. Calling it \"extremely controversial\", MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in April, seeking advice on what to do. TOI possesses a copy of the letter. The CM, in reply, chose the option of withdrawing the proposed deal from the agenda of the meeting of the MMRDA Authority, of which he is the chairman.Though on the backburner for now, the deal has inadvertently put MMRDA land deals under lens. Questions are being asked in the agency why it must show largesse to an NGO, even one that is decades old.Asthana refused to comment on the arrangement or its suggested suspension. Gaikwad, who is now the state information commissioner after retiring as the chief secretary, said: \"Land deals are finalized by the MMRDA Authority, which is headed by the chief minister, after the proposals go through a transparent process. No individual can be singled out for such decisions.\"The ball on the BKC deal started rolling in 2010. The Centre for the Studies of Social Change (CSSC), an NGO registered as a public trust in 1972, wrote to Gaikwad mid-September, asking MMRDA to assist it in redeveloping \"its campus to full potential\". It had a plot of about 1.15 lakh sq ft in BKC-granted by the state in 1990-on which existed a building with a built-up area of around 86,000 sq ft. The FSI then was 1.5.CSSC's trustees met Gaikwad on September 30, 2010, when it was agreed that MMRDA would construct for the research centre a new building with an FSI of 3 as the structure would be for a \"social and educational institute\". MMRDA would pay about Rs 81 crore as cost of construction and would also maintain the building.During the deliberations, it was further decided that the 2.93 lakh sq ft of new built-up area would be shared equally\u2014 about 1.46 lakh sq ft\u2014 between CSSC and MMRDA. In return, the planning agency would pay the research centre Rs 135 crore. The arrangement, reached only in principle, was to be cleared by the MMRDA Authority.One rationale propounded for the deal was that MMRDA has a social development cell and the responsibility to prepare a human development report for Mumbai Metropolitan Region. The CSSC too works in the fields of human and social development. MMRDA had engaged CSSC for a \"study and intervention programme for street children and for villages in MMRDA's special planning authority areas\". The partnership could be furthered with this.Still, the proposed deal was allegedly far from ideal. As Asthana says in his letter to CM Chavan, the Rs 216 crore investment for a built-up area of about 1.46 lakh sq ft means spending about Rs 14,800 per sq ft. This was too steep.Asthana also mentions that MMRDA has 1.93 crore sq ft of \"built-up area which it has not utilized\". He says the current structure occupied by CSSC in BKC does not have an occupation certificate. He concludes in the letter: \"The deal seems to have been done without diligence and application of mind.\"A CSSC trustee said, \"It was our proposal, not MMRDA's. We thought it could mutually benefit the two. MMRDA and the government may have their priorities. They can decide their own action.\"The total investment of Rs 216 cr was too steep for the amount of built-up area MMRDA was getting. It has a lot of unutilized space, so it did not need the NGO's place. Most importantly, it would have been \"extremely difficult\" for MMRDA to utilize the building since the proposed FSI of 3 was meant for \"social facilities\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15811711", "title": "Preferential treatment to Ashish Sharma?", "text": "The latest khabar from London, where the team of Rab Se Sohna Isshq has been shooting for the last two months, is that there's a disgruntled set insider who's been sending anonymous text messages to channel officials, complaining that lead actor Ashish Sharma gets preferential treatment !The sender of these anonymous texts clearly harbours a lot of angst against Ashish, saying that the actor does not deserve any 'superstar' perks. The SMSes crib about how Ashish is constantly pampered, let off early and given special food. Strangely, apart from the time taken to send these daily messages, the number seems to be constantly switched off. As a result, one has not been able to identify the mystery person. When asked about these messages, Ashish said, \"If the person wants to say something to me, I'd appreciate if he or she had the guts to say it to my face. Sending messages to the channel officials on the sly only speak of the person's cowardice. But I don't believe in paying undue attention to such petty people. So, I'm just going to forget about it and do my job!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "sonepat/new delhi", "code": "15780945", "title": "Haryana govt honours Olympic medallists", "text": "SONEPAT/NEW DELHI: After the good show of Haryana sportspersons in Commonwealth Games, Asiad and Olympics, the state government on Sunday announced to double the cash prize for its athletes who win medals in the next Olympics at Rio de Janeiro.Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said gold medalists would get Rs 5 crore while silver medalists and bronze medal winners would get Rs 3 crore and Rs 2 crore respectively. Hooda made these announcements at a function to honour the London Olympics medal winners, participants and their coaches from the state.There was flood of prizes for medal winners and participants - from luxury Audi cars donated by a real estate giant, huge cash from government and TV and other electronic gadgets. Wrestlers Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt, badminton player Saina Nehwal and shooter Gagan Narang and 15 other participants including Vijender Singh and Krishna Punia were present on this occasion.Hooda also announced Rs 2 crore for development of bronze medallist Yogeshwar Dutt's Bhainswal Kalan village in Sonepat, Rs 1 crore each for development of Malothi village of silver-medallist Sushil Kumar in Jhajjar and shooter Gagan Narang's village Shimla Gujran in Panipat.The CM also announced to recruit 790 coaches in the state to improve training and claimed that the state's policy of improving infrastructure, talent search and assurance of sportspersons' future has contributed to the players performance.Applauding Haryana's role, Sushil Kumar said Hooda had honoured players in Rai, Sonepat after the Beijing Olympics, which boosted their morale and players brought good results in London Olympics. Saina Nehwal said the state and the CM were doing so much for the players and \"if other governments could follow Haryana, the country could win 25 to 30 medals in the next Olympics\".Gagan Narang thanked the state government for its support to the players. He also praised the Haryana government and said other states should learn from Haryana. He also appreciated the step to honour the players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15790676", "title": "Social welfare pensions to be given before Onam", "text": "KANNUR: District collector Rathan Kelkar has asked the officials concerned to ensure that all social welfare pensions are distributed before Onam.\"Since the allotment list has already been given to officials, there shouldn't be any delay in the distribution of pension,\" he said at the district development council (DDC) meeting here on Saturday.The collector said he had visited many tribal colonies including Mandhamcheri, Chekyeri and Pareekulam and was moved by the pathetic conditions there. Officials should take immediate steps to provide adequate infrastructure, including clean drinking water, proper roads and education facilities.The officials should also conduct surprise visits to evaluate the progress of works under the 20-point programme of the Centre. The report must be given to the district collector before the next DDC meeting, he added.District planning officer Ajayakumar Meenoth said municipalities often fail to report on the actions taken on the Centre's slum eradication programmes. He instructed them to take steps to update authorities about the developments in this regard.The meeting also reviewed the progress of many programmes, including the Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana, road development, Akshaya e-district services, poverty alleviation and civil supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15797705", "title": "'Jail bharo abhiyan' in Garhwa on Aug 31 against arrest of CPI(ML) state committee member", "text": "GARHWA: The CPI(ML) is set to launch \"jail bharo abhiyan\" in Garhwa and hold a protest rally and meeting at the Nagar Untari railway grounds against the alleged police-politician nexus on August 31.The meeting will focus on arrest of party's state committee member Tahir Ansari and against the suppression policy of the Garhwa district administration.The CPI(ML) leaders, including state committee member Kali Charan Mehta, district secretary Ravindra Bhuiyan and zila parishad chairperson Sushma Mehta, accused the Arjun Munda government as well as the district administration of launching suppression operation against the party. \"The arrest of Tahir Ansari and other three party leaders is the example of the suppression operation,\" Mehta said.The leaders said both the government and the district administration had been trying to crush the party's peaceful agitation recently. Implicating Ram Das Minz in false cases, police lathicharge on the CPI(ML) workers and arrest of Ansari are some of the latest examples, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15780701", "title": "'Dastangoi' show is a hit", "text": "PATNA: Theatre person and feature film 'Peepli Live' co-director Mahmood Farooqui along with actor, poet and theatre director Danish Hussain gave a superb performance of the unique art of Urdu story telling, 'Dastangoi', here on Sunday evening. The programme was organized jointly by Navras School of Performing Art and department of art, culture and youth affairs, Government of Bihar.The duo performed one of their most popular 'Dastan-e-Chouboli', a Rajasthani folk tale written by Vijaydan Detha. It's a tale of a beautiful princess who vowed to marry only a man who could make her speak four times in a single night.Earlier talking to TOI, Delhi-based historian and writer Farooqui, who is promoting 'Dastangoi' since 2004 as he wants to continue its tradition, said, \"For me, both movies and 'Dastangoi' have their own importance and I enjoy both.\"The duo, that has performed around 500 'Dastangoi' shows worldwide, came together six years back when Farooqui's previous partner shifted from Mumbai and he was in search of a new partner and met Danish who was interested in this form of art.Explaining the art and origin of 'Dastangoi', Farooqui, who is also a Rhodes scholar and author of 'Besieged Voices from Delhi 1857', said, \"Dastangoi is the Urdu and Indian art of storytelling where the narrator uses nothing other than his voice to tell stories of war, love, Tilism and Aiyyari, most of which centre around Amir Hamza, his progenies and their adventures.\"Danish added, \"Dastans were an oral narrative, passed orally from the Ustads to the apprentices. They were only written and printed when the tradition was coming to an end at the end of 19th century. The last great 'Dastangoi' Mir Baqar Ali died in 1928.\"In 2005, Farooqui was introduced to this form of art by his uncle S R Farooqui, a noted Urdu scholar and 'Dastangoi' performer. Farooqui said, \"My uncle had painstakingly collected all the 46 volumes of the series of 'Dastan' written by Amir Hamza, named as Dastan-e-Amir Hamza. Each volume contains 1,000 pages. I was drawn towards it because I felt they were marvellous and dramatic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796507", "title": "Medical college to be set up at Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and Maharashtra University of Health Sciences will set up a post graduate medical institute at the civic-run Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital (YCMH) in Pimpri.Vice-chancellor of health science university Arun Jamkar announced this while the addressing the 'Vision 2030 - health and medical services in Pimpri Chinchwad' organized by the civic body here on Saturday. \"A memorandum of understanding will be signed by both the parties for setting up the institute. The university has sent a draft of the memorandum to the civic body which has asked for certain modifications. The draft will be tabled for approval at the university meeting on September 11. A coordination committee of three members each from the two parties will be formed to run the institute. If everything goes as per plan, the institute could start functioning from the 2013 academic year,\" he said.Jamkar said a self-sustaining model needed to be prepared for the institute. \"The civic body will have to bear the annual expenditure of the institute and allocate the amount to a fund created for the purpose. We also need to apply to the fee fixation committee in order to charge fee from students. Funds could also be sought from the union government to develop infrastructure for the institute,\" Jamkar said.Jamkar said the facilities at YCMH needed to be rearranged to meet the guidelines of the Medical Council of India. Doctors at the hospital could be absorbed as teachers to fulfill 50% requirement of the institute, he said.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said there was a need to improve health infrastructure, manpower and preventive care in the city. \"The number of municipal hospitals in the city must be increased in keeping with the increase in population. YCMH is being overburdened as people from all parts of the city prefer to come here because the peripheral civic hospitals are not well-equipped. We need to strengthen those civic hospitals,\" he said.Pardeshi said Rs 8 crore was needed to strengthen the infrastructure and manpower for effectively running a three-tier medical care system. \"The primary medical care will be provided by the dispensaries, the secondary medical care will be provided by the peripheral hospitals while tertiary care will be given by the multi-specialty YCMH,\" he added.Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande inaugurated the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15790723", "title": "Science Express: An instant hit with students", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The 'Science Express - Biodiversity Special', a mobile exhibition train that is currently in the city, has turned out to be a big hit. Students from various schools visited the exhibition train, stationed at the second platform of the Kozhikode railway station on Saturday.The exhibition aims to create awareness on India's biodiversity. Of the 16 coaches, eight showcase the myriad biodiversity in regions including Trans-Himalaya and the Himalayas , the Gangetic Plain, North East India, the Desert and Semi-Arid Zone, the Western Ghats, the Deccan Peninsula, the Coasts and Islands.The other sections highlight climate change, energy sources and petroleum conservation.The train also has a 'Joy of Science Lab' section in which students can perform various experiments to understand the concept of biodiversity.Exhibits on endemic species of India, threatened species and special conservation initiatives of the government, such as Project Tiger, Project Snow Leopard and Project Elephant, are also on display.There are 40 guides to explain the models. \"Nearly 2,000 people visited the exhibition on Saturday. Biodiversity, climate change, energy and water conservation were the subjects that attracted the youth. We are expecting more people to visit the exhibition, as Onam holidays have started,\" said Sudhir Kumar Sharma, Science Express project manager, Vikram Sarabhai Community Science Centre.The exhibition, open from 9am to 5pm, will conclude on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798153", "title": "Cops clueless over Nashik teen's rape", "text": "NASHIK: The city police are still clueless in the rape case of a 16-year-old girl at Chetanagar. Questions are being raised over how a girl can be abducted in broad daylight from a busy street of the city.Deputy commisisoner of police D S Swami said, \"Investigations are underway and we are checking every angle to catch the culprits involved in the heinous act.\"As per the complaint lodged by the victim's father his daughter was abducted in a van from near a coaching class in Chetananagar, taken behind a nearby school, raped by three culprits and left again near the school between 7.30pm and 8.30pm on August 22.While investigations are underway, officials claim the inconsistency in the versions of the victim are posing difficulties in apprehending the culprits.On Saturday, senior police officials visited the scene of the crime from where the girl was allegedly picked by the rapists.Many citizens here want the police to take stringent steps to prevent a recurrence of such incidents.However, taking into account the hustle-bustle in the area, sources said that it was unlikely the girl can be abducted.Nonetheless, there is a wave of panic in the Indira Nagar and Chetana Nagar area after the said incident of Wednesday. The pressure by various organisations on the police to reach the culprits as early as possible has been consistent over the past few days.Many senior citizens said that it was important that parents take proper care of their wards in view of the fact that Nashik has been growing on lines of Mumbai and Pune and the police also adopt stringent measures to ensure that there is no repetition of such incidents in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15786982", "title": "Chiranjeevi wants sub-plan for BCs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Making a fresh bid to emerge as a messiah of BCs in the state after the drubbing his former Prajarajyam Party received in the 2009 elections, Congress Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi on Sunday urged the state government to consider a sub-plan for the backward classes in the state on the lines of sub-plan for SCs/STs.Terming the recommendations of the cabinet sub-committee on SC/ST sub-plan as historic, Chiranjeevi stressed on the importance of bringing about a sub-plan for the BC communities and strongly pitched for a constitutional amendment to provide reservation for BCs in the law-making bodies.Even as he appreciated the recommendations on the SC/ST sub-plan that would benefit the underprivileged communities, Chiranjeevi felt a sub-plan would be helpful in empowering the backward classes also. \"I appreciate the steps taken by the state government to accord statutory status to the SC/ST special component plan. Likewise, there must be a sub-plan for the BCs also,\" he said.Analysts see Chiranjeevi's new-found love for the BCs as a counter to TDP and Jaganmohan Reddy'sYRS Congress which are leaving no stone unturned to win the hearts of the large BC populace in the state. While the TDP through its BC declaration has promised to field at least 100 BC candidates in the next assembly polls, the YSR CP went a step further by pledging to ensure 100 seats for the community in the state assembly.While the political scene is heating up over the BC vote bank politics, the TDP was quick to counter Chiranjeevi's gambit by calling it as an empty rhetoric. \"Chiranjeevi cannot become a BC leader overnight by issuing statements in public. If he is really serious about the welfare of the BC communities, he should first prevail upon the government to move in that direction,\" Devender Goud said. Goud even castigated the YSR Congress for its impractical move promising the BC community of 100 seats in the assembly. \"It is just a political gimmick to undermine TDP's BC declaration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15786024", "title": "Rank injustice", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) was left red faced after a Plus II examinee was elevated to all-Odisha third rank from 15th after he got his marks \"re-added\" following the Orissa high court's intervention.CHSE has recommended disciplinary action against two erring examiners and also mulling to impose a life ban on them. On the other hand, the student's parents are seeking re-evaluation of his answer-sheets, stating that it would make him the Odisha topper.Cuttack-lad Anupam Jena, who had topped in the state in the matriculation examination in 2010, had come 15th in the all-Odisha merit list in the Plus II examination, results of which were published on May 30.Unhappy over the results, Anupam approached the high court, exuding confidence that his papers were not evaluated properly. The high court allowed re-addition of marks following which the CHSE issued him a fresh mark-sheet by increasing mathematics marks by 13 from 81 to 94 and Sanskrit by nine from 78 to 87. This made his total marks 554, putting him at third place in the all-Odisha rank.Anupam's father, Anjan Jena, on Sunday said even during the re-addition, the council has done a mistake. He should have got 15 more marks in mathematics (not 13) and 10 more in Sanskrit (not nine). \"If the court allows re-evaluation of mathematics and Sanskrit, his total marks will go up to 570, placing him at Number One position in the merit list,\" he said. The next hearing on Jena's writ petition (civil) in the HC is fixed on August 31, Anupam's counsel Chitramohan Dhal said.CHSE authorities conceded the errors. \"After the mistakes were pointed out, a fresh mark-sheet was issued to the student,\" said CHSE controller of examinations (CoE) Jasobanta Behera.Behera said action will be taken against the examiners who had committed the mistakes while awarding the marks. \"We are planning to ban the examiners for life from CHSE examination works and recommend the government for taking suitable disciplinary action as per norms,\" Behera said.The goof-up comes on a year when CHSE had separately sorted out answer-sheets of those securing above 90 per cent marks for further scrutiny. CHSE authorities had then articulated that such papers will undergo a second analysis to reduce margin of errors. The plan was, however, not implemented because of paucity of time.The high court allowed re-addition of marks following which the CHSE issued the examinee a fresh mark-sheet by increasing his marks in mathematics by 13 from 81 to 94 and Sanskrit by nine from 78 to 87. This made his total marks 554.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785944", "title": "MP lobbies for civil service exam centres in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rohini Priyadarshini, a city resident who had recently cleared the civil service examinations, says that having to go to Chennai to appear for the civil service examination was a tiresome process.To address this issue, where civil service aspirants from the city are forced to travel to Chennai, Madurai or Bangalore to appear for the examinations, Coimbatore MP PR Natarajan appealed to the Union human resource ministry to allow preliminary centres for the civil service examinations in Coimbatore.\"We have to arrange for travel, accommodation and food if we have to take the examination in another city. This is a big headache added to the exam pressure,\" she said.\"Coimbatore has the highest number of educational institutions after Chennai. Moreover, there are thousands of students from the region who appear for the civil service examination. It will be beneficial for students if examination centres are allowed in the city,\" Natarajan said.He said that they have spoken to human resource ministry officials and is waiting to speak to the minister of state for the PMO V Narayanasamy regarding the matter.P Kanagaraj, a professor at the Government Arts College and the chief mentor of the Higher Studies Centre who has taken the lead in putting forward the demand for exam centres in the city, said that such a move will help students from neighbouring districts, Kerala and Karnataka. \"Many of them will find Coimbatore easier to reach than Bangalore or Cochin,\" he said.Besides, the city has excellent rail and air connectivity, he said. Moreover, the two Kendriya Vidyalayas at Sowripalayam and Sulur Air Force Station will be appropriate locations for the examination centres, he said.The district administration should take the lead in demanding the centres, said UPSC member E Balaguruswamy. \"This move will definitely benefit several students from around the region,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15817742", "title": "BJP criticises PM for making statement on CAG report in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Criticising Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for making a statement on the CAG report on coal block allocation in Lok Sabha, BJP on Monday said it will continue to demand his resignation and boycott the \"corrupt\" government in Parliament.\"Personally, I think for any minister or anybody to make a statement on the CAG report inside the House is wrong. Its absolutely wrong. Because the only forum in which the CAG report can be discussed is the Public Accounts Committee,\" BJP leader Jaswant Singh told reporters outside Parliament House.BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy said his party is not going to take things lying down anymore on this issue and will continue to press for the Prime Minister's resignation as it has already extended enough opportunities to him in the last eight years.\"This is a corrupt government,\" Rudy said. He maintained that BJP will not allow the forum of Parliament to be used to \"legitimise corruption\".BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar expressed disappointment with Singh's statement.\"The country is upset with the Prime Minister's statement. It is not a statement but a list of points of excuses. He is hiding the facts,\" he said.Javadekar alleged that Singh has accepted his role in coal allotments. \"He has said one thing correct that he is wholly responsible for the decision and that is why we are saying he has allotted and has put his stamp of approval on every coal block allotment. There are wrong-doings and so he is responsible and that is why he must resign,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15781945", "title": "RTIs on origin of CBI powers elicit silence", "text": "MUMBAI: It has been around for five decades and its website traces the agency's origin to pre-Independence. Yet, Right to Information queries seeking to determine the authority under which the Central Bureau of Investigation was established have elicited no concrete replies for months.A Mumbai-based RTI activist, Anandji Joshi, asked the Maharashtra home department in April if CBI officers have similar powers as police officers. In June, he sought information from the Union home ministry about the law that empowered the Centre to set up and govern CBI. Both the state and the Centre, in \"prompt\" replies, said they had transferred his queries to the police and later to the CBI for \"necessary action\". But that was all.The queries, since then, have been shunted around departments. The Union home ministry transferred the application to the CBI headquarters, which in turn forwarded it a month ago to its legal advisors. With them it is still pending.The CBI's website says it functions under the Central department of personnel, pension &amp; public grievances and that its powers of investigation are derived from the Delhi Special Police Establishment (DSPE) Act, 1946. The website adds that the Delhi Special Police Establishment \"acquired its popular current name, CBI, through a home ministry resolution of April 1, 1963\". The Act allows the CBI to investigate crimes in states subject to the consent of the state government.Mumbai-based advocate S R Chitnis concurred that the CBI was set up under DSPE Act, from which it draws its powers. The Supreme Court, too, in a 2009 judgment stated that the CBI was constituted under the DSPE Act, though \"its functioning are multiple\". A bench of Justices S B Sinha and M K Sharma said the CBI \"acts as an investigating officer. In terms of section 3 of the DSPE Act, FIRs are required to be lodged, for which CBI is an officer in charge of a police station.\"\"Why is it taking the home ministry so long to reply to a simple question and why is it forwarding the query to the CBI?\" asked Joshi, who last week wrote to Lok Sabha's public information officer. He filed another RTI application last week with the home ministry to get a copy of the 1963 resolution.\"The reason behind the query is to know the source of CBI's powers,\" said Joshi. The CBI's head office in Mumbai, Tanna House, informed him last month that, since June 2011, RTI Act does not apply to the central investigation agency.Incidentally, a former Mumbai metropolitan magistrate, K Holambe Patil, had similarly questioned the source of CBI's powers in an order in the '80s. Now a lawyer, Holambe-Patil pointed out that Congress leader Manish Tewari had two years ago proposed the Central Bureau of Investigation Bill, 2010, which is still pending. The bill's stated aim and objective was \"to provide an appropriate legal architecture\" for CBI and to give it \"statutory status\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792259", "title": "Yamuna e-way likely to get extra bus service", "text": "LUCKNOW: The transport department might introduce an extra bus service for the Yamuna Expressway to extend UPSRTC passengers the benefits of express service. The service might run between specific destinations depending on the public demand. Further, the regular roadways buses might also start running on the 165-km expressway in days to come. The passengers, however, might have to pay extra to board the buses on the expressway. Though officials in the UPSRTC agreed increasing the fare will not be a \"politically correct\" move.The management of the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) is mulling to run bus service on the expressway to make it easier for passengers who board buses to any of the six districts that the expressway connects, between Agra and Noida. At present, the six-lane expressway, which was inaugurated on August 13, has no roadways buses running on it.It's the high toll rate that has kept the authorities from introducing the bus service on the expressway. \"If we run a roadways bus now, it will cost us Rs 25 extra per km for every passenger,\" said highly-placed sources in the transport department. And this will make the corporation incur heavy losses, unless the fare structure is designed as per the toll tax for the expressway.\"But, in days to some, some long distance buses will be diverted to the expressway,\" added sources. UPSRTC is already working on the plan considering the fact that it will get sufficient demand for the buses running on the expressway, as passengers will board the buses for faster travel. There are provisions in the government rule that 25% extra amount of fare can be charged for express services. The corporation might bring in a new service on the expressway with a different fare structure. Although officials in the corporation said it is still being worked upon as increasing the fare will not be a \"politically correct\" move.Transport commissioner Alok Kumar said, \"We need time to say anything about this because we are working on the possibilities.\" Sources added that the recent accidents on the expressway are not worrisome. \"We cannot say incidence of accidents is high till we compare the ratio of vehicles running for average kilometres on the expressway,\" the said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15810418", "title": "Ruling party MLAs oppose Jalandhar deputy commissioner's order on land deals through GPA", "text": "JALANDHAR: MLAs of ruling alliance in Jalandhar are up in arms against Jalandhar deputy commissioner for his order levying strict conditions on registration of sale deed of land through General Power of Attorney (GPA) and are contemplating to meet Chief Minister, Dy Chief Minister and Revenue Minister on the issue.The orders have been implemented in two districts of Punjab - Jalandhar and Amritsar - as Jalandhar DC Priyank Bharti holds additional charge of Amritsar also. In rest of the state registration of sale deeds through GPA is taking place as per old practice without these conditions.In his directions issued a couple of weeks back DC has said that GPA holder would have to provide detail of bank account of the original owner of the land, copy of his PAN card for executing the sale deed and otherwise the sale deed would not be registered through GPA. These details would be forwarded to Income Tax department.With this order execution of registration of sale deeds has dipped in Jalandhar and SAD and BJP MLAs have started opposing the order and have even spoken to DC on the issue asking him to withdraw the issue.DC has been claiming that he has issued the orders on the basis of an order of the Punjab government and was entirely according to the law and rules and there was nothing wrong in it.Revenue officials have been arguing that this order would help to plug evasion of stamp duty as in several cases lands are sold on basis of GPA many a times. \"This would also help to reduce influx of black money and subsequent rise in land prices in land deals,\" said a revenue official.Chief Parliamentary Secretary K D Bhandari and Jalandhar Cantt MLA Pargat Singh have raised the issue with DC and have now said that they would speak to CM, Dy CM or revenue minister on the issue. Bhandari told TOI that he had already got appointment from revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia for Wednesday and a delegation would meet him to apprise of the flawed approach and that how its sudden enforcement had caused a lot of inconvenience to people. \"Such an order can't be implemented in isolation in two districts. \"If this has to be implemented it should have been announced first,\" he said.\"Before issuing the order people should have been given time so that people could have prepared accordingly. In several cases NRIs give GPAs for disposing off their lands and if suddenly orders are enforced out of blue then it leads to a lot of public inconvenience. At least genuine people should not have suffered through such an order. We shall take up the matter with CM and Dy CM,\" said Pargat Singh.Jail minister Sarwan Singh Phillaur said that due to this order suddenly revenue of the government had dipped and he would speak to the revenue minister on the issue. \"On Saturday a delegation met me on the issue,\" he said. Chief parliamentary secretary Avinash Chander also said that issue would be taken up with the Dy CM or revenue minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "keri/bicholim", "code": "15783161", "title": "Bandh call: Sesa pollution drives a village to despair", "text": "KERI/BICHOLIM: The residents of Navelim-Bicholim have called a 'bandh' on Monday on a two-point agenda of protesting against the pollution caused by Sesa Goa's plant in the village and to oppose the setting up of another plant by the firm, allegedly without a hearing.A gram sabha held on Sunday in the premises of the village panchayat was attended by more than 300 villagers, who unanimously resolved to hold the 'bandh' in a peaceful manner.The villagers heatedly discussed the twin issues after Navelim sarpanch Gopinath Gawas welcomed the villagers at the special meeting and briefed them about its purpose, and secretary Tukaram Naik read the minutes of the previous meeting.The villagers opposed the plant, alleging that it was polluting the air and water and posing a threat to the future of their children.The villagers alleged that the company had resorted to a few irregularities in setting up the plant under the garb of expansion. \"Sesa Goa has manipulated villagers and started their plant in our village. It is a separate plant, which the government has allowed the company to set up without conducting a public hearing. The company has committed several illegalities,\" Premanand Gauns, a villager said.Gauns also recounted a few instances of how Sesa Goa started expanding its activity from Amona to Navelim from 2006 onwards.Another villager raised an issue regarding the ownership of land occupied by the firm in setting up the new plant. \"The company has encroached in the property belonging to the temple of our village deity without taking our consent,\" alleged Pundalik Gauns.The members also rued the loss of their agricultural heritage. \"Once it was self-sufficient and our ancestors tilled the land and earned their bread and butter, but this is now the history of a hoary past,\" Kalidas Gawas said.The villagers raised objections to the consent given by Goa state pollution control board to Sesa industries for the installation of a mini blast furnace, sinter plant, coke oven, waste heat recovery boiler for generation of power in Navelim. The company failed to meet standards prescribed by the Union ministry of environment and forests, they alleged.Another villager, Premanand Naik, accused Sesa Goa of violating rules while laying underground electricity cables and added that the company has fooled the people by declaring it as an expansion project.Kalidas Gauns alleged that the company had violated rules of PWD by laying an underground water pipeline illegally. Sarvesh Gauns accused the company of constructing a five-metre high retaining wall instead of 1.5 metres as promised.Sundar Gauns, a member, proposed a resolution to organize a one-day bandh in a peaceful manner from 7am to 7pm to protest the injustice done to them by the company. The villagers supported the resolution unanimously by raising their hands.Deputy sarpanch Karuna Mahale, panch members Kushali Naik, Deepak Naik, Deepesh Gawas were present for the meeting. Former MLA of the erstwhile Pale (now Sanquelim) constituency, Pratap Gawas extended his support to the bandh. \"The problem of air and water pollution is serious and needs to be addressed unitedly,\" he said.Local MLA Pramod Sawant has already assured his support to the villagers' gram sabha decision. Shiv Sena (Goa state) president Ramesh Naik has also extended his support to the 'bandh'. Sesa Goa officials refuted the villagers' allegations, stating that they have rectified the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15796299", "title": "Chat with strangers", "text": "One November morning, my friend, Abhishek, got bored of chatting on Facebook and started Google-searching for sites where he could chat with strangers. By evening, he was bored to death. All these websites required one to either switch on the webcam or fake their identities to strike a conversation .They were not giving enough identity to strangers for them to talk about what they wanted to talk. People usually want to talk about what they love to do and their interests. So, Zumbl was born with the mission to make chats with strangers not only fun-filled , but also meaningful.Zumbl matches you to strangers who share common interests with you. During the chat, both of you can tag each other with tags like nerdy, sassy, funny, etc. As you chat with more strangers and get more tags, your basic avatar (your anonymous Zumbl identity) evolves into an impressive new avatar that represents all your tags. A stranger's identity will be shaped by how you and other strangers perceive him. Lesser fake profiles, lesser profanity. Also, if you chat responsibly, we (administrators) decorate your avatar with badges. Winning Samsung Innovation Awards offers motivation to squeeze even more time out of our assignment-laden schedules and keep innovating with Web2.0 technologies and natural language processing. Cofounders of Zumbl, Abhishek and Saurabh have already taken a semester off and gone to digital media zone, Toronto, which is incubating Zumbl .com for four months We launched our private pilot run for two days recently when 750 Zumblrs engaged in 2,000 chats and gave us valuable feedback and brilliant feature requests . We already have 44k fans on fb.com/zumblr.Our future plan is to use the prize money for better publicity, add popular feature requests like avatar animation and two-player games so that when Zumbl goes live full-time in November 2012 it is what early Zumblrs made it to be!- As told to Vishakha Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15790333", "title": "Work on warship research institute to begin in 6 months", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The work on the strategically important National Institute for Research and Development in Defence Shipbuilding (Nirdesh) has got a shot in the arm with the government deciding to implement a rehabilitation package for locals residing near the 40-acre project site at Chaliyam. The work is expected to commence within six months.The project is aimed at boosting the warship design capabilities of the country.Though defence minister A K Antony had laid the foundation for the multi-crore crucial project in January 2011, the work on the institute had hit a roadblock after local people blocked the construction of the compound wall at the project site raising a slew of demands.Nirdesh director general Gyanesh Kumar and district collector K V Mohan Kumar said the state government has decided to implement a rehabilitation package. The decision was taken at a meeting convened by the chief minister with the members of the action council last week.District collector said the government has agreed to provide homes to around 143 homeless families residing near the project site. It has also been decided to give title deeds to 21 families who had been living at the project site before it was handed over to Nirdesh. The families, who are now residing at forest land adjacent to the project site, will be rehabilitated in a three acre forest land earmarked for the purpose.The package would also include enhancing the medical facilities in the area.Nirmithi Kendra will resume the work on the compound wall on Monday.\"A committee comprising panchayat representatives, revenue officials and members of the action council has been formed to come up with the list of families to be included in the rehabilitation package,\" said the district collector.The committee will submit the report to the district administration on September 6.The project is being initiated under the department of defence production and funded by the ministry of defence (MoD) and all the defence shipyards in the county.Gyanesh Kumar said the institute would help the country indigenize the warship building capabilities leading to huge savings in production costs.The work on the strategically important National Institute for Research and Development in Defence Ship Building (Nirdesh), aimed to boost the warship design capabilities of the country, is set to begin soon with the government authorities coming forward to implement a rehabilitation package for locals residing near the 40- acre project site at Chaliyam.Though Defence Minister A K Antony had laid the foundations for the multi- crore crucial project in January 2011, the work of the project under the department of defence production and funded by the MoD and all the defence shipyards in the county hit a roadblock after local people blocked the construction of the compound wall at the project site raising a slew of demands.Addressing a press conference, Nirdesh Director General Gyanesh Kumar and district collector K V Mohan Kumar said that the state government has decided to positively respond to the issues raised by the local residents.The Chief Minister had convened a meeting with the members of the action council last week which has led to the government agreeing to implement a rehabilitation package.District Collector said that the government has agreed to provide homes to around 143 homeless families residing near the project site. It has also been decided to give title deeds to 21 families who had been living at the project site before it was handed over to Nirdesh. The families who are now residing at forest land adjacent to the project site will be rehabilitated in a three acre forest land earmarked for the purpose. The package would also include enhancing the medical facilities in the area.The work on the compound wall will be resumed by the Nirmithi Kendra on Monday while the actual work of the project is expected to commence within six months.\"A committee comprising representatives from Panchayath, revenue officials and members of the action council has been formed to come up with the list of families to be included in the rehabilitation package,\" the district collector said adding the committee will submit the report to the district administration on September 6.Nirdesh Director General Gyanesh Kumar said that the facility would help the country indigenize the warship building capabilities leading to huge savings in production costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15779247", "title": "Pressure is off me, says Ravichandran Ashwin", "text": "HYDERABAD: The innings and 115-run win over New Zealand in the first Test here is what the Indian team were looking for ahead of the tougher series later in the season.The hosts had lost their previous series 0-4 to Australia in Australia earlier this year and a win in this series is a balm they are craving. The Kiwis obliged the Indians by caving in meekly with more than a day to spare.Off-spinner R Ashwin, who had a memorable match with a haul of 12 for 85 and thereby bettering S Venkataraghavan's figures of 12 for 152 against the Kiwis in 1965, said it was a good beginning for the team.\"As a whole the team had a tough year but it happens with every team. We have put that behind and we are starting on a good note. Hopefully we can continue and have a great season,\" he said.\"I feel really happy. I don't get too happy or bogged down by performances, whether it is too bad or great. But yes, it's a good start. The pressure is off my back, I can enjoy myself and let the ball do the talking.I can look at the various areas that I need to work on constantly. Very happy but there is still a long way to go - nine more Tests to go this season,\" he added.\"The wicket was very good, I enjoyed the wicket. There was enough in it for the bowlers and it was a very good batting wicket as well.\"On the partnership with Ojha, he said: \"Ojha is someone whom I have played with since I was 16 and we have always enjoyed each other's company.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "anand gopal, a member of the life sciences and management class of 2013 at the university of pennsylvania, is part of the university of pennsylvania summer undergraduate minority research programme (sumr). he shares his experience with education times", "code": "15796219", "title": "University of Pennsylvania promotes healthcare-oriented doctoral programmes", "text": "Anand Gopal, a member of the Life Sciences and Management Class of 2013 at the University of Pennsylvania, is part of the University of Pennsylvania Summer Undergraduate Minority Research Programme (SUMR). He shares his experience with Education Times:Disparities in the quality and provision of care are a chronic problem in the United States healthcare system. One way that these concerns are now being addressed is through innovative university pipeline programmes designed to draw a more diverse mix of undergraduates into health services research \u2014 a budding multidisciplinary field that examines the organisation, delivery, financing and management of healthcare. Health services research scientists play a pivotal role in informing the development of new policies and in ultimately shaping the practice of healthcare at all levels.The University of Pennsylvania's Leonard Davis Institute of Health Economics sponsors a summer programme that has introduced me and 16 other undergrads from colleges across the US to this emerging field. Beyond priming our curiosity, the goal of the Summer Undergraduate Minority Research Programme (SUMR) is to promote interest in applying to healthcare-oriented doctoral programmes, such as this university's Wharton School PhD programme in health care management and economics. Each of us has been paired with faculty mentors with whom we are conducting original research in various areas of healthcare.I am working with Dr Scott Halpern on a review of the design of randomised clinical trials in hospital intensive care units and with Dr Zachary Meisel on a study of narrative technique as a tool for improving clinician-patient communications in the emergency room.Though very different, both projects are introducing me to the quantitative and qualitative methodologies of health services research. This experience in real research projects has heightened my interest in this behind-the-scenes process of healthcare system analysis.My earliest interest in healthcare research came out of my academic coursework and my experiences of volunteering with an underserved school-based clinic in the urban community where I live and attend school.Both introduced me to the complexities of the healthcare system and to some of the major issues that plague it. My peers in the SUMR programme come from all walks of life and, like me, have their own stories and inspirations. Each of us brings to the programme our backgrounds, beliefs, and breadth of experiences. While our personal motivations differ to some extent, we all share a common passion for understanding and improving public health and healthcare. Our diversity lends itself to the heterogeneity of perspective and approach needed to tackle some of healthcare's pressing problems. For me, the summer pipeline programme has been an invaluable first step in the right direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15788019", "title": "How legitimate is an illegitimate child\u2019s right to property?", "text": "The paternal link of Congress leader ND Tiwari with Rohit Shekhar, proven after a DNA test, has stirred up many questions that remain unanswered in the laws governing Hindu social relationships and inheritance.The laws on social issues in Hindu religion - marriage, succession and guardianship -- were framed in 1956. Various amendments have been effected by Parliament and state legislatures from time to time to address prickly issues which surfaced after being kept under the carpet for years being viewed as uncomfortable.One important amendment was carried out in 1976 to Section 16 of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1956, conferring the right of inheritance to father's property on children born out of void or voidable marriages, whether or not so declared by a court of law.But marriage, be it void or voidable, between a man and woman was a pre-condition to bestow right on their progeny, even if illegitimate in the eyes of society, to lay claim over the father's property.The Supreme Court in Jinia Keotin vs Kumar Sitaram Manjhi [2003 (1) SCC 730] said, \"Section 16 of the Act, while engrafting a rule of fiction in ordaining children, though illegitimate, to be legitimate, notwithstanding the marriage was void or voidable, chose also to confine its application, so far as succession or inheritance by such children are concerned, to the properties of the parents only.\"This means, a child born out of a legally invalid marriage could claim right to inherit his father's property alone and not lay inheritance right over ancestral property, which legitimate children could.What happens to children born from live-in relationships, where no marriage has taken place? The Supreme Court had presumed a man and woman to be married despite them only having a live-in relationship if they lived for a very long time under one roof and were known in society as husband and wife.In S PS Balasubramanyam vs Sruttayan [AIR 1992 SC 756], the SC had said, \"If a man and woman are living under the same roof and cohabiting for a number of years, there will be presumption under Section 114 of the Evidence Act, that they live as husband and wife and the children born to them will not be illegitimate.\"The crucial pre-conditions for a child born from live-in relationship to be not treated as illegitimate are that the parents must have lived under one roof and co-habited for a considerably long time for society to recognize them as husband and wife. It must not be a \"walk in and walk out\" relationship, as the court pointed out in its 2010 judgment in Madan Mohan Singh vs Rajni Kant.But the court has not yet answered about the right of a child born out of such \"walk in and walk out\" relationship where a DNA test proves the biological relationship between the child and the father though the mother was in a subsisting legal married relationship with another man.Even if one applies the 1976 amendment to Hindu Marriage Act in the widest possible amplitude, then too the mother of the child must first claim marriage or sufficiently long relationship, without her having access to any other man, for the law to bestow right of inheritance on the offspring to the father's property.However, the law, Section 125 of Criminal Procedure Code, has taken care that no legitimate or illegitimate child is left unattended by the biological father. It says that a man must maintain his legitimate or illegitimate child and casts an obligation on the biological father if his offspring is without any means of sustenance.It is difficult to lay down a law in this regard without causing some social turbulence. Take for example a reverse scenario. A child of a happy marriage grows up and inherits his rich father's property. At that point of time, an outsider turns up and claims that he was the biological father and to prove that demands a DNA test.Should the court order it? If the tests prove positive, proving the indiscretion on the part of the mother, what happens to her happy marriage? What could be the impact on the father, who is robbed of his years of parenthood by a scientific test? And what is the duty of the child towards his biological father with whom he might never have had interacted?Section 125 of CrPC confers a duty on the child to maintain his biological father or mother and it does not absolve a married daughter of this responsibility [Dr Vijay Mohan Arbat vs Kashi Rao Rajaram Sawai 1987 (2) SCC 278].To escape all these social complications in an already complex human relationship, the Supreme Court had decided to keep it straight as far as possible after discussing the impact of DNA test results on married couples and their children.In Kamti Devi case [2001 (5) SCC 311], the SC said, \"The result of a genuine DNA test is said to be scientifically accurate. But even that is not enough to escape from the conclusiveness of Section 112 of the Evidence Act, for example, if a husband and wife were living together during the time of conception but the DNA test revealed that the child was not born to the husband, the conclusiveness of law would remain unrebuttable.\"\"This may look hard from the point of view of the husband who may be compelled to bear the fatherhood of a child of which he may be innocent. But even in such a case, the law leans in favour of the innocent child from being bastardized if his mother and her spouse were living together during the time of conception.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata/bankura", "code": "15789102", "title": "Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee slams Bengal's land policy", "text": "KOLKATA/BANKURA: Four days after Assocham gave a wake-up call to the Mamata Banerjee government saying the investment proposals in Bengal have dropped to Rs 5.84 lakh crore from Rs 9 lakh crore in last three years, former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on Sunday alleged that the government is, in fact, walking backwards in attracting investments. with not a single industry taking shape in the Trinamool's one-and-a-half years in power.Like Assocham, Bhattacharjee also cited the government's stand on land acquisition for private industry as the major roadblock.Speaking at a DYFI rally in Bankura's Tamlibandh, Bhattacharjee said: \"Only agriculture can't take us forward. We have to set up industries to provide jobs to youths. This government will not acquire land for industry. Then how will industry come to this state? As a result, not a single new industry has come to Bengal in the past year and a half. Whatever is happening has been set up during the Left Front regime. The Jindal's steel factory was inaugurated during our time. We had tried to acquire land for two more steel units in Purulia. We are fortunate that they haven't left the state yet, but the work has stopped.\"The former CM also took potshots against the TMC led government on job front. \"This government claims to have created three-lakh jobs in Bengal. Are people mad to believe this? Who are these people who've got these jobs? Do you know a single person among you to have got a government job in the past year and a half?\" he asked.Bhattacharjee's claims, only a day after chief minister Mamata Banerjee spoke to over 15,000 youths at the Trinamool Congress Yuva convention, is possibly aimed to address a sizeable section of the new electorate. The 13-35 age group in Bengal stands at a whopping 42.57% of the total 9.13 crore population, whose literacy rate is more than the national average. \"Where will the engineering students get jobs? Why only them?Why others who didn't get the opportunity to study that far, would be denied a job? Now, there are not enough people to study in the 40-50 engineering colleges we had set up in our tenure,\" Bhattacharjee added.\"What we had set up in the past 34 years are being slowly undone. Look at what is happening in the villages. Fertilizer prices are rising and yet food grain prices are dropping. Where will the cultivator sell his produce? The rice mill owners refuse to take them too. In our regime, we had slowly stepped up food grain production to nearly 140 metric tonnes. This year, it is slightly above 100 MT and the next year it will dip further. Are we staring a food scarcity then?\" he asked.\"Now, the government's only job is to threaten judges, commission heads and even media. This is because it can't control the free-run of anti-socials. Cases of extortion, robbery or snatching are being reported daily. Things are even worse for the women. Everyday somewhere, someone is being attacked. It is for the people to judge now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15780907", "title": "New voters: More women register", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Women have outshone men in the process of registration of new voters in the state. Although the revision of electoral rolls will be on till the end of this month, it has come on record that this time more new women voters than men have been registered.Sources in the State Election Commission said that while 6.6 lakh new women voters have been enlisted since the process began in June this year, the number of men is slightly less and stands at 6.2 lakh.Officials say that a new strategy adopted by the commission has worked in getting more women enlisted. Earlier, in the case of married women, there was a delay on the part of new voters to furnish documents specifying that they were above the age of 18. \"Very often, the women said that their certificates were at their paternal homes and they would never get them,\" said an official. \"But this time, thanks to a brainwave of a lady booth-level officer (BLO) from Kheda, it was decided that the enlistment of such women would be kept pending while the BLOs pursued them to get their documents at the earliest.\"The official said that even in the case of unmarried women, the general tendency of their parents was that the girls should get registered at in-laws' place after marriage. \"We have been able to put this tendency on hold too,\" the official said.Meanwhile, in another major initiative to ensure more participation of voters in the polling exercise, it has been decided to keep the district-level helplines of the commission open till the day of polling. \"Earlier, these helplines were kept open for only 27 days while the summary revision of the electoral rolls was on,\" said the official. Sources added that till the last polls, the emphasis of the commission had been on the registration of new voters but this time, while taking a step ahead , the emphasis will be on ensuring that the voters actually cast their votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15783685", "title": "Thane Municipal Corporation under fire over incinerator", "text": "THANE: Environmental activist Almitra Patel criticized the Thane Municipal Corporation's proposal to set up an incinerator in Daighar near Mumbra. Plans are in the offing to convert over 600 tonnes of waste into electricity.\"It will do more harm than good to the city and its surroundings. The damage to the environment would be due to the emission of poisonous gas such as dioxins,\" Patel said.The waste-to-energy project is the brainchild of Thane civic chief R A Rajeev. In 2011, global tenders were floated inviting private players to construct an incineration plant in Daighar.The project will be on a built-operate-own-transfer basis where the private party will be given a 35-year contract to generate electricity.\"Incineration is expensive, hence political leaders favour it. There are less expensive technologies that are environment-friendly,\" Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15796075", "title": "Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies' students working on modules to create jobs", "text": "Students of Delhi University's Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies (CBS) are working on projects and business modules, not only as part of their academic routine, but for community service as well. These young entrepreneurs are working out modules to create employment for the marginalised sections of society.The student-team at college, along with faculty members and industry leaders, have taken up a number of community outreach projects under SIFE ( Students in Free Enterprise), an international NGO.Currently working on project 'akshar,' they are equipping a set of 11 men and women who are hearing impaired, with book binding skills. The project involves periodical recycling of paper used at the college to make eco-friendly notebooks, while training and employing these identified set of people in the binding and circulation of these notebooks.\"Our objective is to first identify a group of people in need and then train them. The 11 people involved in this project are hearing impaired and some of them victims of substance abuse and human trafficking. They have no skills and, therefore, do not have employment options, except for menial labour,\" says Shrey Rastogi, who is a team member and second-year Bachelor's student of Business Studies at CBS.Adding to it, he says, \"We are in regular touch with the workers and have a database for them. They are trained on how to use the machinery, spiral binding and circulating the notebooks made of recycled paper. We have now begun with the retail sale of the notebooks as well. The workers now earn around Rs 5000 per month, in contrast to Rs 300-500 that they earned earlier.\"Sonia Sareen, faculty and placement head, CBS , says, \"The projects give an all round knowledge and exposure to students of what they are actually taught in class. While working on the field, they are able to learn and study the academic concepts better. Last year, the students worked on a project for providing sanitation solutions, which worked out well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15785148", "title": "Unkept job promises force kabaddi player to migrate", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A woman kabaddi player, who was part of the Indian World Cup winning team in March, has been forced to leave the state because the government failed to provide her a job as promised. Rasmita Sahoo has joined the sports hostel at Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh after the neighbouring state lured her with a handsome stipend and proper training facilities.\"I sacrificed my childhood and education for kabbadi, which is my first love. I was part of the World Cup wining team. But neither the Odisha government nor any corporate house provided me with a job,\" said Rasmita. \"Now, I will play for Andhra Pradesh,\" she added.Rasmita from Jajpur's Badaniranjanpur village has been running from pillar to post to get a suitable job in the state since last year. \"I practice for four hours everyday and won many medals in state, national and international championships. And see what I got in return? What do I do with all these medals? They have no meaning for me,\" she rued.Her father too supported her decision. \"It is difficult for me to maintain my family of five. Rasmita now plays for Andhra Pradesh as our government did not give her a job,\" Duyrodhan (53), her father, said.The state government and district administration felicitated Rasmita after the World Cup win.Rasmita's coach is very upset with her departure. \"It will be difficult for Odisha women Kabbadi team to win any major match without Rasmita,\" said Purnachandra Sethi, the women Kabadi coach of the state.\"Odisha has a history of forgetting its heroes. So overlooking a struggling woman Kabbadi player is not surprising. Orissa will loose many talented players as many are set to leave the state in search of good jobs in other states,\" Sethi said.\"She is the only woman kabaddi player of the state who was in the World Cup winning woman kabbadi team. But she could not get any job in Odisha. I was shocked to know that Rasmita was compelled to leave Odisha in search of a job,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15792494", "title": "Virbhadra Singh new Himachal Congress chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ending two-week-long uncertainty, the Congress central leadership today appointed former Union minister Virbhadra Singh as Himachal Pradesh Congress chief replacing Kaul Singh Thakur on Sunday. There was no official confirmation from the AICC but Kaul Singh said he had tendered his resignation and Virbhadra Singh would take over as new HPCC president.\"Virbhadra has been made state party chief and the move will brighten party's poll prospects in the upcoming assembly election,\" AICC general secretary and in-charge of party's affairs in Himachal, Birender Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797139", "title": "Pupils discuss campaign agenda", "text": "RANCHI: With the Ranchi University students' union elections only two weeks away, the various problems faced by the departments and colleges have suddenly come to light. TOI came across the problems faced by different colleges of the city while interacting with students of several colleges in the city and members of student unions.Describing the problems of the various PG departments of the university, coordinator of PG departments of Ranchi College, Lal Manish Nath Shahdeo said the problem of water seepage in every PG department was a matter of serious concern. \"Our demand is that proper drinking water facility should be provided. Also, the library should be updated and a computer lab should be established in every department. We also want that it should be made compulsory for teaching and non-teaching staff of the departments to stay in the departments from 10 am to 4 pm.\"The students of St. Xavier's College, which is one of the best colleges of the city, have many demands from the college administration. Ujjwala, a student of the college, said: \"The scholarship amount should be increased and given on time. A placement cell should be constituted at the college and sports activities should be encouraged in the college.\"The students of Doranda College demand better sports facilities and setting up of an anti-ragging committee in the college. \"We need a proper playground for sports and also a proper common room and library in the college. An anti-ragging cell should also be constituted in the college,\" said Surabhi, a student of Doranda College. At Sanjay Gandhi Memorial College, the main necessity of the students was parking space at the college. Rishabh, a student, said: \"We need proper parking space at the college for cycles and bikes. Also there should be proper toilet facility at the college. Moreover, campus should be cleaned regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15792272", "title": "Love 'with dogs' at first sight on Sunday", "text": "MYSORE: 'Uros' dog of Afghan Hound breed, which costs an estimate Rs 18 lakh, grabbed the attention of dog lovers at All India Championship Dog Show on Sunday. They were seen flocking the attractive canine with thick silky and silvery hair. Pavan Shetty, care taker of the dog, said: \"This two-year-old dog was brought all the way from Peru.\"Ardent dog lover Lakshmi, an employee at private firm, expressed \"Silky hair of an Afghan hound is attractive. I had never seen these many breeds of dogs at a time which is awesome.\"Around 460 dogs of 35 different breeds took part in the dog show organized by Mysore Kennel Club at Dasara exhibition grounds enjoyed by dog lovers. This is the second time the national-level dog show is being held in the city.Mysore Kennel Club's chairman, B P Manjunath, said: \"Pedigree dog owners from all over India like Maharashtra, Noida, Punjab and Coimbatore participated in the event.\" This time the event got good entries than last time, he added.Popular pure breeds like German shepherd, Doberman, Pug, Siberian Husky , Irish setter, Great Dane, Cocker Spaniel, Labrador and Golden Retriever participated in the event.For the first time, desi breed Mudhol was given a free entry to the event. Manjunath said: \"All other breeds were foreign breed. We have to popularize our country's breed too. Hence, they were given free entries.\" He added only micro-chipped pure breed pets were eligible to participate in the show. The competition was categorized according to the breed and the age of pet.Owner of Siberian Husky, Ishwarya Sandeep, said: \"This is the first time our dog is participating in a show. It is a good experience for us as well. Every month we spend around Rs 10,000 on his requirements. We do not have children and he has been our child from past one year.\"Karan Singh Walia, a hotelier, came from Mumbai with his Labrador retriever to participate in the event. He claimed: \"My dog has won six championships at international dog shows\".The dogs were judged by international judges Dedy Tjahjono from Indonesia and David Strachan from Australia. Along with the dog show; dog food manufacturers, medical companies and other manufacturers of dog products also exhibited and sold the dog products at the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792266", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority's Para housing plan likely by October", "text": "LUCKNOW: The wait to possess a new house in the city may end this Navratri. The Lucknow Development Authority is all set to come up with a new housing scheme in Para, Hardoi Road, anytime in October. The scheme is proposed to comprise nearly 4,000 apartments, not only for the lower income group but also for the middle income group. The scheme, proposed to come up over an area of around 25 acre, will comprise blocks of apartments in G+10 format. While, 2,000 apartments will be meant for the LIG and the economically weaker section, the other 2,000 apartments would be for MIG category.This could be an important scheme after the River View Scheme in Gomtinagar extension, which evoked tremendous response from Lucknowites.Interestingly, the site earlier had 2,000 EWS houses, which never got occupied because of their poor quality. Later the units were bulldozed and an enquiry set up against the officials responsible for the lapse. This time, LDA bosses are sure of coming out clean in setting up a housing scheme, which they expect will evoke a positive response from the public.\"The housing needs are increasing, but their availability is a constraint. We hope the new scheme to be of interest to the people,\" said LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey, while speaking to TOI. He said that the infrastructure is very much in place to allow people to occupy these units.The site happens to be on Hardoi Road by-pass near Shakuntala Devi University for the Handicapped.The by-pass is also proposed to have two flyovers for better commuting. While the work on the two structures is still on, officials maintain that they would boost the housing project once they are ready. \"The commuting time between the project and the airport and Charbagh will be barely 15 minutes if every thing fell in place,'' Dubey said.LDA, as a matter of fact, has been under tremendous pressure to come up with housing schemes even as private builders continue to have a gala time in getting enough land and building housing units which, at times, cost more than 50% of what government agencies like LDA and UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB) offer.The issues like land acquisition too have been haunting the LDA for quite sometime. In fact, projects like Shristi and Sargam in Jankipuram continue to be stranded following a stand off between the LDA and the agitating farmers, who have been demanding higher compensation. Another ambitious scheme of the LDA, the Prabandhnagar scheme near IIM, too has been caught in a quagmire following the contentious land acquisition issue.The said scheme, not surprisingly, may prove to be a morale booster for the LDA, which has not been finding enough sites for its future housing projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15796298", "title": "Technology, the future roadmap", "text": "As India prepares for a GER (gross enrolment ratio ) of 30% by 2020, the country needs a range of out-of-the-box solutions. With this in mind, the ministry of human resource development (MHRD) is preparing a five-point action plan, which would be based on new technology.According to Kapil Sibal , minister of human resource development, at present, 26 million students in India go to 600 odd universities and 34,000 colleges. The figure, he added, is going to increase multifold in the years to come, which is why the country would need exponential expansion of its college and university system, which can be achieved only through a technology-oriented approach.Sibal was speaking at a conference titled, EducatioNext, organised by The Times of India on August 20, in the Capital. The event saw the participation of several industry leaders, academics , activists and thinktank who addressed a wide range of issues that would determine India's future roadmap in the 21st Century.Sibal pointed out that while low-cost devices such as tablets and mobile phones would increase accessibility, proliferation of cloud-computing will change the way in which knowledge is disseminated within the classroom.He further added, \"Around 2.5 lakh villages would be connected by fibre optics to build an information highway and a plethora of courses will be made available online.\"Apart from technology, Sibal mentioned that new concepts such as the meta-university , which allows students to take their pick from an array of subjects in different universities, will enable students to make their own choices and opt for unconventional combinations like mathematics and music.Pawan Agarwal, adviser higher education , Planning Commission, expressing concern , said that while enrolment is one of the priorities in the area of elementary education, India is yet to achieve a lot in terms of learning outcomes. Also, more enrolment, said Sandhya Chintala, executive director - Sector Skills Council, Nasscom, is desirable at the secondary and higher secondary level.While actual learning within the classroom, she added, should be focused upon, it is important to move away from an exam-oriented approach. However, pointing out that most schools do not even have a teacher and a blackboard, Puja Marwaha, CEO, CRY, stressed how important it is for students in the remotest areas of India to have access to basic infrastructure. Mander Harsh, social activist , emphasised that in India , education has to be for public good and the government has to ensure it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15799225", "title": "Time to gear up", "text": "CII Institute of Logistics is organising a event, AUTO SCM - 2012, focusing on innovation and flexibility in auto supply chain from August 27-28 in the Capital.Arun Maira, member, Planning Commission; Sumit Dutta, partner, Mckinsey; R Dinesh, co-chairman , CII Institute of Logistics advisory council &amp; JMD, TVS Sons Ltd and Cyrus Guzder, chairman, CII Institute of Logistics advisory council &amp; CMD, AFL Pvt Ltd will address the inaugural session. There is wide spread confidence in the long-term growth story of India and the growth potential of the automotive sector. The optimism of India becoming an automotive hub for the world is as high as ever before.To realise the growth aspirations and strengthen the presence in the global map, the Indian automotive sector needs to get many activities right \u2014 supply chain being one of the most critical activities.Automotive companies will face several challenges and the there will be need to focus on flexibility and innovation in supply chain to service high demand variability, serve cost conscious markets, manage outsourcing and global disruptions amongst other activities. JS Chauhan, vice-president , Sonalika International, among others will address the closing sessions on August 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "after grabbing her first item number in the actor's film omg", "code": "15809280", "title": "Sonakshi\u2019s wish is Akshay\u2019s command", "text": "After grabbing her first item number in the actor's film OMG: Oh My God, she has now landed a role in itAkshay Kumar may not be promoting his upcoming film with co-star Sonakshi Sinha , but that has surely not affected their friendship. Having bagged her first ever dance number in the actor's home production OMG: Oh My God, the actress has now convinced Akki to let her perform a few scenes in the film as well.According to sources close to the venture, Sona asked her Rowdy co-star to grant her a few scenes in his production. And Akki, who seems to be taking his role of God a bit too seriously, complied.An insider told us, \"At one of the recent creative and content meetings held to track the film's progress, Sonakshi too had come in for some time. And when she saw the rushes of the film, she mentioned that she too wished to be a part of the film. She also said that since she had been working with Akshay for quite some time now, had he asked her to be a part of his production, she would have readily accepted the offer. And now, the production house is trying to add a few scenes to fit her in. Unfortunately, Sonakshi's scenes may not be with Akshay since he will leave for the Middle East soon to shoot for the sequel of Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai. Sonakshi may get to share screen space with the protagonist Paresh Rawal .\"Interestingly, Paresh, who is also one of the co-producers of the film, had earlier mentioned that the script of the film required no heroine. \" OMG doesn't need any actress. We didn't want any nakhras on sets,\" he had told the media. Paresh had to wait for over two hours for Sonakshi when she came to watch his play on which the film is based. When we asked him, he however, chose to stay mum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15797957", "title": "Alagiri-Stalin rift continues over youth wing selections", "text": "MADURAI: The rift between Union fertilisers and chemicals minister, M K Alagiri and his younger sibling M K Stalin is refusing to die down.The rift was evident when the supporters of Alagiri boycotted the interviews conducted by Stalin for youth wing functionary posts of Madurai urban district unit held in Tirunelveli, on Sunday. Though, about 200 DMK men participated along with urban district secretary G Thalapathi, they reportedly belonged to Stalin faction.Besides Thalapathi, former minister Pon Muthuramalingam, former zonal chairman V K Gurusamy, former mayor Kulandivel, youth wing secretary Jayaraman visited Tirunelveli. The fact that these DMK functionaries had visited Tirunelveli and participated in the event along with their supporters with Stalin had only infuriated the Alagiri men widening the rift in Madurai DMK. These men were already branded as Stalin supporters and have been sidelined by the majority Alagiri men in Madurai.\"Only the DMK office-bearers in Madurai should propose partymen for the posts from each ward and branch. We have not proposed anyone. All of us are here in Madurai,\" said an Alagiri supporter. \"All the aspirants for youth wing posts were ferried to Tirunelveli though they have no proper credentials or party service. Even though some among them were selected for the posts, how can they serve the party in Madurai where they lack support from fellow partymen?\" asked a DMK functionary.However, with the interview sessions in Tirunelveli for Madurai and Tuticorin districts, Stalin has drawn the curtains on the state-wide talent spotting exercise to don youth wing posts. With these interviews, Stalin has completed the task of picking office-bearers for all the districts, except Vellore where he would conduct the sessions shortly.In fact, during the interview session for Madurai rural district youth wing posts held in April last year, Alagiri supporters boycotted the event. Stalin's visit to Madurai then had also sparked a round of controversy in the party as the visit was during Alagiri's absence.The interview sessions have become a bone of contention between the siblings as Alagiri who holds the post of south wing organising secretary insists that he should have a say in appointments in southern districts, while Stalin claims immunity for youth wing.However, Stalin supporters brush aside the murmur of discontentment from Alagiri men. \"They should understand a key factor behind these interviews - it has been approved by Kalaignar. What is the point in opposing Stalin when he is carrying out a party affair with the approval of Kalaignar?\" asked a DMK functionary from Stalin camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15788879", "title": "Shamshabad yet to land market yard", "text": "HYDERABAD: Government doles out land to all and sundry, but finds it hard to provide five acres to set up an agriculture market yard. Though abundant government land is available in Rangareddy district, no department is willing to give land to set up a market yard at Shamshabad.The marketing department has been scouting for land to set up a market yard and Rythu Bazaar for the past three years. A few years ago, the department came up with the proposal to start a market yard and Rythu Bazaaras thousands of vegetable farmers descend on the Shamshabad market daily for wholesale and retail vegetable business. Over a period of time, it has become an agriculture business centre not only for Rangareddy district farmers but also for those from neighbouring districts. Thousands of quintals of vegetables arrive daily from surrounding Mahbubnagar district and tomatoes from faraway place like Kurnool.Officials claim daily business turnover could be over Rs 40 lakh like Gudimalkapur market and other wholesale markets.The marketing department had sent a proposal for setting up a market yard three years ago to the Rangareddy district collector. Two years after persuasion, the revenue department agreed to give an acre of land (in survey No. 637) near Outer Ring Road in Shamshabad. However, marketing department officials found that the land was not suitable for a market yard as it was rocky and an acre would be insufficient for the purpose.The roads and buildings (R&B;) department was also approached for their property (a defunct guest house with open land) located adjacent to the existing market.R&B; department officials reportedly rejected the plea as they were contemplating to construct a star hotel there. The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) was also approached for land near Shamshabad, but since the land was in legal wrangles, the proposal was dropped.\"Shamshabad is a prime location where there is road (national highway), rail (railway station) and air (international airport) connectivity and ideal for export of vegetables and fruits. It has been decided to send a fresh proposal to HMDA through the RR district collectorfor allotment of land,\" additional director (RR) of marketing department M Satyanarayana told TOI.As there was no progress in getting land for the market yard, Bharatiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) identified some HMDA land behind the Shamshabad police station. They submitted a representation to the revenue authorities and marketing department to get about 50 acres from HMDAfor setting up the market yard and agriculture hub, where all types of agriculture produce could be exported.\"It will be a win-win situation for both the state government and farmers. The state government will get revenue in the form of licence fee and farmers will get a good price for their produce,\" BKS district president (RR) Madireddy Raji Reddy said. \"If the government does not respond to our problems in a month, farmers will take up an agitation for getting land for the market yard and agricultural hub,\" Raji Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15799354", "title": "Soorya fest to be a year-long event this time", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The organizers of the Soorya Festival are gearing up to make the event the longest festival ever in the country. This year's festival, which will commence on September 1, will be a year-long cultural extravaganza in which 2,000 artists will come together to showcase their talents.The festival will open with a Bharatanatyam performance by actor Shobana in Chennai on September 1. After holding cultural programmes in Madurai and Bangalore, the festival will move to Thiruvananthapuram on September 21.\"The festival will be held for 111 days in Thiruvananthapuram, and it will continue till August 31, 2013 in other cities like Pondicherry and Coimbatore. Artists, including K J Yesudas and Padma Subramaniam, will take part. This is the 36th edition of the festival. \"This year's festival will come to a close on August 31, 2013 and next year's Surya Festival will begin from the very next day, September 1, 2013,\" said Soorya Krishnamoorthy, founder-director of Soorya Stage and Film Society.As part of the one-year festivities, 365 economically backward patients will be provided free dialysis, he added.\"The society is also planning to launch an 'Art for Heart' programme that would help provide medical help to heart patients who are financially weak. Also, street magicians will be provided a stage to showcase their skills this year,\" Krishnamoorthy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15794803", "title": "Biker jumps signal, kills 51-year-old man", "text": "BANGALORE: A bike-borne youth's rush to jump a signal allegedly cost a 51-year-old man his life at Bashyam Circle , Sadashivnagar, on Sunday afternoon.Srinivas Ramaiah, a mason , and resident of RT Nagar , was riding his TVS Victor bike and patiently waiting for the signal to turn green at the busy circle around 2.30pm. Once the signal light flashed green, Srinivas began taking a right turn, headed as he was to Sadashivnagar.But another speeding TVS Apache bike, coming from the opposite side, hit Ramaiah's two-wheeler . The Apache biker, identified as Palace Guttahalli resident Raghavendra Muniyappa, 24, was oblivious to the red signal that had turned on as he began speeding across the circle, witnesses told police.Thrown to the ground, Srinvas suffered grievous head injuries and bled profusely . Police rushed Srinivas to MS Ramaiah Hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.Raghavendra, an employee with Nayak Condiments on Malleswaram 18th Cross, suffered a fracture in his hand and was taken to MS Ramaiah Hospital.The injured biker was later brought to Sadashivnagar police station and told about Srinivas's death. Raghavendra broke down. He was headed to Shivajinagar from his workplace when the accident took place.Sadashivnagar traffic police inspector (in-charge ) CR Ravish termed the accident the result of \"pure rash and negligent ride\" .\"Riders and drivers will be in a hurry to pass the signal on seeing the orange colour. Vehicles from the other end, too, will speed on seeing the green signal. This is really dangerous. Today's accident is only proof how fatal such signal-jumps can be. Orange is a signal to stop, and not a hint to rev up your engine and speed before the signal flags red,\" he pointed out.Invitation to disasterBashyam Circle in Sadashivnagar is a traffic bottleneck. But some of the wide roads that lead into and out of the circle are an invitation for speed driving, more so on Sundays. Impatient bikers coming from Malleswaram 18th Cross side often move into the right lane at this circle, catching those coming from the opposite direction off guard and complicating the bottleneck. Noor Ahmed Ali Khan, 18, son of then minority welfare minister Mumtaz Ali Khan, was killed when his bike was hit by a car on the morning of March 25, 2009. The teenager was coming from Sadashivnagar when the car hit his bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782786", "title": "Cops clueless as protesters head to undecided spots", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid a high-voltage drama by India Against Corruption workers on the streets of central Delhi on Sunday, Delhi Police was on its toes controlling the crowd that kept on heading to undecided places and created an alarming situation.The incident was a reminder of the shocker given to Delhi Police by Baba Ramdev and his supporters who had refused to leave the Ambedkar Stadium after being detained. At one point, IAC leaders Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas were huddled into a bus, only to return seconds later to climb atop a vehicle and give bytes to the media \u2014 a deja-vu of the Ramdev episode.What began as a trickle in the morning swelled dramatically in the afternoon, taking Delhi Police by surprise as initially, Team Kejriwal had different plans for Sunday. Police officials said Arvind Kejriwal broke the regulations twice \u2014 once while moving out of Jantar Mantar and second when they promised to march till Parliament Street police station and court arrest there but instead jumped off the barricades and moved out.As police had information about these places, heavy barricading and police deployment was quickly ensured around them. However, what emerged within 20 minutes came as a shocker to the administration as they were flooded with calls about IAC workers reaching every important place in the area in small groups. Around 1,000 protesters stormed several areas around South Block, Krishi Bhawan, Yojna Bhawan, Press club, India Gate and the BJP office on Ashoka Road.The wireless sets began to ring as cops circulated SOS messages demanding reinforcement. Reserve police and other district police were rushed in and important points were quickly barricaded even as all the ACPs, additional DCPs and additional commissioner of police K C Dwivedi reached the spots.A cat-and-mouse chase took place later in the afternoon in the high-security New Delhi district area even as numerous teargas shells and water cannons were used to disperse the crowd. The march was stopped at Janpath, Akbar Road and Tughlaq Road but the protesters began jumping over the barricades.The situation was brought under control at the PM's residence, and soon two senior most district cops arrived at 10 Janpath following an input that Kejriwal might arrive there, and dispersed the crowd.Cops have registered five cases against the protesters on the charge of rioting, casing hurt and stopping a public servant from discharging his duty at Parliament Street and Tughlaq Road police stations. Fifteen policemen and six protesters were injured.\"The action has been taken as police vehicles were damaged, policemen were assaulted and public property was damaged during the riot-like situation. We detained 974 people under the 65 Delhi Police Act, who were let off later,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15805925", "title": "Andhra Pradesh task force on technical education to start work soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Task Force formed by the Andhra Pradesh government to check the facilities and quality of education imparted in professional colleges like engineering would begin its work soon.Deputy chief minister C Damodar Rajanarasimha held a meeting with the members of the Task Force and other officials of Technical Education here on Sunday.An official release quoted him as saying that admissions into the institutions should be made on the basis of merit and not with a commercial motive.Steps would be taken to ensure that the institutions followed the guidelines of All India Council for Technical Education and other high standards of education, he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15795630", "title": "VMPUP to launch its phase-wise agitation", "text": "VARANASI: The Vidyut Mazdoor Panchayat Uttar Pradesh (VMPUP) will launch its phase-wise agitation from Tuesday in support of their demands.To chalk out the strategy of agitation the local unit of VMPUP held a meeting under the leadership of regional president RK Wahi at Bhelupur on Sunday. While addressing the meeting the speakers highlighted their demands including regularization of private, contract basis and muster role employees on the 60,000 vacant posts of grade III and IV, redress the anomalies in pay scale, distribution of salary on the line of process followed at headquarters, promotion and others.The participants said that they would carry out a torch procession and forward a memorandum to the chief minister on August 28. In the next phase of their stir the VMPUP members would stage a sit in and demonstration at chief engineer office at Bhikharipur on September 4. They warned that if their demands are met soon they would stage hunger strike at managing director UP Power Corporation Limited office at Lucknow from September 11 to 13. It will be followed by indefinite stir at Shakti Bhawan in Lucknow from September 25. Important among others state additional general secretary of VMPUP, RB Singh, OP Singh, jiyut Lal, Tapan Haldar, NN Mukherji and Atin Ganguly also addressed the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15796006", "title": "European University Association signs MoU with European Commission", "text": "The European University Association (EUA), an organisation representing more than 850 universities in 47 countries in Europe, signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the European Commission on July 17, which recognises the key role of universities in delivering a strong European Research Area (ERA).EUA considers that the direct engagement of universities as a key research stakeholder will strengthen the European Research Area and will contribute to building a unified research area, open to the world, in which researchers, scientific knowledge and technology circulate freely and thereby strengthen Europe's competitiveness and capacity to collectively address grand challenges.Most of the current barriers and bottlenecks to the completion of the ERA are already well-known and documented and require policy and funding action that should be taken at the level of the EU, (member state) national and regional level governments , and national funding agencies. Therefore, the commitments that EUA has made in the memorandum concern topics where university's own initiatives are helping to overcome the identified barriers and bottlenecks, and where EUA has been working with its membership to promote wider take-up and development of best practices already in place.These include actions relating to strengthening the careers of researchers, improving researcher mobility, university-industry collaboration and knowledge transfer , cross-border cooperation, and the development of open access to research publications and data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15817270", "title": "SC extends deadline for auction of cancelled spectrum licences", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday extended time till January 11 next year for the Centre to complete auction of 122 cancelled spectrum licenses.The apex court said if the auction was not completed by January 11, it will initiate suo motu contempt proceedings against the concerned officials and impose exemplary cost on the Centre. Earlier, the telecom secretary told the apex court that the government was committed to implement the 2G judgment cancelling 122 licenses.The secretary also clarified that the presidential reference seeking clarification on 2G judgment has no connection with the govt's resolve to implement the judgment.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan, which extended the August 31, 2012 deadline for completing the auction process, made it clear that no court in the country will entertain any plea on this issue of 2G spectrum. It said existing licencees of the 2G spectrum, who had to shut down the operation by September 7, are \"entitled to operate up to January 18 next year.\"The bench, which expressed its displeasure against the Centre for not mentioning the \"outer limit\" for completing the auction process, said \"unless it will fix the outer limit the auction process will never happen\" and \"it is also the fact of the matter that they (Centre) have not complied with the February 2 judgement.\"The judges, who were unhappy with the affidavit filed by the telecom secretary R Chandrashekhar, for not mentioning the outer limit for the fresh auction of 2G spectrum, said \"the process cannot go for indefinite period.\"They said without fixing the outer limit, it was not possible to extend the deadline as the \"existing operators will make effort to scuttle the auction and delay the process.\"The bench, which made it clear that no more extention would be granted for the purpose, said that it will peruse the development on January 13 \"to know whether the Centre has proceeded with auction or not and to go for the future course on the allocation of 2G spectrum.\"(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15812573", "title": "Srimannarayana triple platinum disc held", "text": "The makers of Natasimham Nandamuri Balakrishna-starrer Srimannarayana celebrated its triple platinum disc at Taj Deccan in Hyderabad yesterday (August 26, 2012).Charmi and the film's leading ladies Isha Chawla and Parvathi Melton handed over the disc to Balayya.Speaking on this occasion Balakarishna said, \"My dad (Sr. NTR) essayed several characters but has never played a journalist, and I'm playing a jouno for the first time. Chakri earlier scored music for Simha and the movie was a super hit. His music has also been quite superb this time around and we are hoping for a similar result.\"Other film personalities who graced the event include Ravi Chavali, Ramesh Puppala, Srikanth, Bellamkonda Suresh, RP Patnaik, Krishna Reddy, Atchi Reddy, etc. The film has completed the censor formalities and is gearing for release on August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15786907", "title": "30-hour power cut angers residents", "text": "MOHALI: Thousands of residents of Nayagaon, Mullanpur, Kansal, Kharar and other villages of Mohali remained without power for more than 30 hours, as the main power supply line, which is feeding the area from Kharar, got damaged. Even after 30 hours, the electricity department of the district could not resume the supply and had to make alternative arrangements to provide power. The power which snapped around 11.30am on Saturday was restored at 5.30pm on Sunday. Tired of frequent power outages in the area, frustrated residents alleged that officials took the matter casually and also avoided taking their calls. Gurpreet S Malhotra, a resident of Kansal, said, \"We had a tough time without power as all the routine work came to a halt.\"Executive engineer of the electricity wing of Mohali, H S Boparai said, \"Power supply in these areas comes from main supply line of 66KV from Kharar. On Saturday, there was a major problem in the line. Now we have made alternative arrangements. Since it's a major fault it'll take some time to repair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15799630", "title": "Strike put on hold, CM to meet docs", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The strike called by Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has been put on hold after chief minister Oommen Chandy invited KGMOA representatives for talks on Monday. \"We will take a decision after we meet the chief minister,\" said KGMOA leader Dr Syam Sunder.Sources said that the association will relaunch the strike from September 1 if talks fail. The government had suggested a patch-up formula on Thursday to avert the strike. Though the state had informally conveyed the message of temporarily freezing the transfer order of five doctors, accused in the Satnam Singh murder case, KGMOA sought the removal of Dr P N Ramani, the vigilance head of the health service.The association said she has been harassing the doctors for the past few years. Ramani had submitted reports against a few doctors, who were conducting private practices, alleging that they had flouted private practice guidelines. Though the government has not banned private practice, it has fixed a set of guidelines for consultation after hospital hours.KGMOA will request the government to increase the pension age of doctors to 60 instead of giving extensions. Last week, the government extended the service of doctors, who were to retire in May, to March 31, next year.Chandy decided to initiate talks with KGMOA since a strike would severely affect the functioning of all hospitals in the state.The association had earlier decided to go for an indefinite strike from Monday to protest the action taken against the doctors in the Satnam Singh murder case. Doctors are now observing a non-cooperation strike by boycotting all works outside the hospitals like VIP duties, medical camps and daily reporting of health activities in each district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15790093", "title": "Nair Service Society backs off on creamy layer issue", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Nair Service Society (NSS) has submitted an application in the Supreme Court to withdraw its petition against the state government order raising the creamy layer ceiling from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 4.5 lakh.Since its declared policy is that reservation should be for economically backward sections, and not based on caste, the new move smacks of compromise with the SNDP.\"In the changed social set-up, let those who are getting reservations avail that. Without intervening in that, Nair Service Society will try to get concessions for economically backward people,\" said NSS general secretary G Sukumaran Nair. \"A recommendation along these lines is already under the consideration of the Centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pm's statement in parliament on the performance audit report on allocation of coal blocks and augmentation of coal production", "code": "15815274", "title": "Coalgate: Text of PM's statement in Parliament", "text": "PM's statement in Parliament on the Performance Audit Report on Allocation of Coal Blocks and Augmentation of Coal Production:I seek the indulgence of the House to make a statement on issues regarding coal block allocations which have been the subject of much discussion in the press and on which several Hon'ble members have also expressed concern.2. The issues arise from a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General which has been tabled in Parliament and remitted to the Public Accounts Committee. CAG reports are normally discussed in detail in the Public Accounts Committee, when the Ministry concerned responds to the issues raised. The PAC then submits its report to the Speaker and that Report is then discussed in Parliament.3. I seek your indulgence to depart from this established procedure because of the nature of the allegations that are being made and because I was holding the charge of Coal Minister for a part of the time covered by the report. I want to assure Hon'ble Members that as the Minister in charge, I take full responsibility for the decisions of the Ministry. I wish to say that any allegations of impropriety are without basis and unsupported by the facts.4. Allocation of coal blocks to private companies for captive use commenced in 1993, after the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973 was amended. This was done with the objective of attracting private investments in specified end uses. As the economy grew in size, the demand for coal also grew and it became evident that Coal India Ltd. alone would not be able to meet the growing demand.5. Since 1993, allocation of captive coal blocks was being done on the basis of recommendations made by an inter-Ministerial Screening Committee which also had representatives of State governments. Taking into account the increasing number of applicants for coal block allocation, the Government, in 2003, evolved a consolidated set of guidelines to ensure transparency and consistency in allocation.6. In the wake of rapidly growing demand for coal and captive coal blocks, it was the UPA I Government which, for the first time, conceived the idea of making allocations through the competitive bidding route in June 2004.7. The CAG report is critical of the allocations mainly on three counts. Firstly, it states that the Screening Committee did not follow a transparent and objective method while making recommendations for allocation of coal blocks.8. Secondly, it observes that competitive bidding could have been introduced in 2006 by amending the administrative instructions in vogue instead of going through a prolonged legal examination of the issue which delayed the decision making process.9. Finally, the report mentions that the delay in introduction of competitive bidding rendered the existing process beneficial to a large number of private companies. According to the assumptions and computations made by the CAG, there is a financial gain of about Rs. 1.86 lakh crore to private parties.10. The observations of the CAG are clearly disputable.11. The policy of allocation of coal blocks to private parties, which the CAG has criticised, was not a new policy introduced by the UPA. The policy has existed since 1993 and previous Governments also allocated coal blocks in precisely the manner that the CAG has now criticised.12. The UPA made improvements in the procedure in 2005 by inviting applications through open advertisements after providing details of the coal blocks on offer along with the guidelines and the conditions of allotment. These applications were examined and evaluated by a broad based Steering Committee with representatives from state governments, related ministries of the central government and the coal companies. The applications were assessed on parameters such as the techno economic feasibility of the end use project, status of preparedness to set up the end use project, past track record in execution of projects, financial and technical capabilities of the applicant companies, recommendations of the state governments and the administrative ministry concerned.13. Any administrative allocation procedure involves some judgment and in this case the judgment was that of the many participants in the Screening Committee acting collectively. There were then no allegations of impropriety in the functioning of the Committee.14. The CAG says that competitive bidding could have been introduced in 2006 by amending the existing administrative instructions. This premise of the CAG is flawed.15. The observation of the CAG that the process of competitive bidding could have been introduced by amending the administrative instructions is based on the opinion expressed by the Department of Legal Affairs in July and August 2006. However, the CAG's observation is based on a selective reading of the opinions given by the Department of Legal Affairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15787042", "title": "Burglars target cars, decamp with cash, documents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Recently the city has been hit by a couple of incidents, where burglars decamped with valuables and cash lying in the car after breaking the windows of the vehicles parked at different locations in the city.According to the police, burglars targeted cars parked in secluded points in the parking areas of Sector 34 and Hallomajra on late Saturday. So far police have failed to make any headway in the cases and are taking the help of fingerprint experts and CFSL scientists to nab the accused.Jaspreet Singh Sukhija of Sector 44 complained that someone has stolen two cellphones, ATM, credit cards, driving licence, voter card and Rs 7,500 cash from his car. The car was parked near a gurdwara in Sector 34.In another case, Rakesh Sharma of Zirakpur alleged that someone has stolen a bag containing Rs 1,70,000 and important documents by breaking the window of his car parked near Hallomajra light point. \"It seems that both incidents are the handiwork of the same gang,\" said a police official here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15816724", "title": "Stray dog menace in Patiala", "text": "PATIALA: The Society for People's Welfare &amp; Awareness Patiala and the Patiala Chapter of Indian Medical Association have appreciated the initiative taken by the local Municipal Corporation to tackle the problem of stray dog population and the menace in the city.Dr D S Bhullar, the Secretary General of the Society and a senior IMA leader said \"both the NGOs will extend all possible cooperation to the authorities concerned in tackling the problem.He disclosed here that they have already suggested different measures in details for tackling the situation which apart from sterilization and vaccination process, includes construction of stray dog houses ( on the pattern of Gaushalas), special incentives to the voluntary organizations and the people involved in tackling the problem, sensitization programmes, monetary compensation to the victims of the stray dog bites, fine to the authorities failing in taking the effective measures under law and the proper implementation of the rules under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960 for destruction of the unwanted animals without applying any cruel methods. Stray dog house is a must to keep them away from the citizens and prevent biting.We want Patiala to be the First Stray Dog Free City of India which is not impossible if corrective measures are taken seriously on priority. The Municipal Corporation must take this credit and create history.\" Said Dr Bhuller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15819274", "title": "Sridevi's gift to her daughters", "text": "To make up for the time she was away from her daughters, Sridevi got them two cute puppies.Sridevi who was busy shooting for English Vinglish directed by Gauri Shinde picked up two dog puppies on her way home as a small gift for both her daughters. This was because Sridevi had to stay away from her daughters for an elongated time.For the very first time Sridevi's daughters couldn't accompany their mom. \"It's known that Sridevi is extremely close to her daughters and she can't afford to leave them alone for one second. But due to her shooting schedule she couldn't take her daughters along with her. This guilt was taking her a little down and just to make for it, Sridevi got two dog puppies for both her daughters\", confirms a source close to the film.English Vinglish is an upcoming Indian drama film directed by debutant director Gauri Shinde and produced by R Balki. The film marks the comeback of Sridevi after a 14 year sabbatical. This film also marks the comeback of Sridevi to Tamil cinema after 26 years. Sridevi plays the central role of a housewife, who enrolls for an English speaking course in order to please her husband and family. English Vinglish is all set to hit the screens on October 5, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15783063", "title": "Betki locals oppose mega project", "text": "PONDA: The Betki-Khandola gramsabha has opposed a mega project under construction at Betki village.Several locals virtually grilled the panchayat body on the topic and the panchayat finally agreed to conduct an inspection of the project. The local civic body has also assured the villagers that it would take necessary action against the project if any irregularities were found. The gram sabha was held in a tent erected especially for the meeting on Sunday.Several villagers raised the topic of the mega residential project that would have about 75 residential units in it and demanded that the panchayat should stop the project coming up in the village. Locals fear that the project would create unnecessary burden on local amenities.Considering the villagers' opposition, Bhawana Naik, sarpanch of the village, assured them that the panchayat would inspect the site and take necessary action if they find any threat from it or any irregularity in the project. Locals also raised their voices against the proposed IT Park and education hub in the village. Locals alleged that the local MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar has announced the project without consulting them and they are not ready to have such projects in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15793273", "title": "Malegaon 1st to net man behind doctored clips", "text": "MUMBAI: The first arrest in connection with the doctoring of audio-visual clips of alleged atrocities in Myanmar actually came from Malegaon. An 18-year-old youth, Khalid Shaikh , was picked up in the matter long before arrests took place in Pune and Nashik.Additional superintendent of police Sunil Kadasne said his team began monitoring cellphone users as soon as the video clips began circulating. \"We asked the teams to look for people with provocative clips on their cellphones. During our surveillance, we received information that Shaikh, a scrap dealer, had got a video of the killings in Assam and Myanmar. We traced his location and seized his cellphone,\" said Kadasne.He added that Shaikh had got the clipping from an auto driver. Shaikh, a Class XII passout, was sent to police custody for two days.In Nashik, the Panchvati police on Friday said they would be seeking extension of police custody of Kiran Pankar (22), who had allegedly uploaded provocative posts on a social networking website on August 13. Pankar was arrested last week for sharing a photo with provocative text on it on the website. Pankar, an HSC dropout, is a master in editing photos using a popular software and used to work as a graphic designer with an advertising firm in Panchvati. Cops said Pankar manipulated the picture, which was uploaded by someone else, by adding provocative words to it and then uploaded it from his account. Pankar was in touch with 517 people on the website, cops said, and the picture got circulated and noticed by the Mumbai police.Last week, the cyber crime cell of the Pune police questioned three suspects in connection with the provocative SMSs and doctored MMS clips that have been doing the rounds in the backdrop of the violence in Assam and Myanmar. The three have been identified as Imran Irfan Khan (39), Arif Munavar Khan (47) and Sarfaraj Mohammed Iqbal Shaikh (32). Cops have also identified others in connection with the matter, and have made some arrests in the past three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798400", "title": "Industrial groups decry attack, plan to boycott Centre of Indian Trade Union", "text": "NASHIK: Industry bodies across the district on Sunday condemned the attack by company workers on officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Ltd which occurred outside the labour commisionerate on Friday. The industrial associations decided that district industries that have unions affiliated to Centre of Indian Trade Union (CITU), would not negotiate with CITU on company issues.The trade associations also decided to initiate legal action to cancel CITU's registration. Further course of action is to be taken by the associations following a meeting with guardian minister of Nashik districtChhagan Bhujbal , police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and deputy labour commissioner Ratnadeep Henre on Wednesday.Office-bearers of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), Nashik Industrial Co-operative Estate (NICE) and Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCI&A;) met on Sunday to chart out their plan of action on the issue. decide the further course of action against the fatal attack on the company officials.The workers at Everest Industry Ltd have been on strike for the past several months. Following a meeting between company officials and union office-bearers at the office of the deputy labour commissioner, some workers, armed with knives, attacked officials, outside deputy labour commissioner's office.Y Srinivasan Rao, executive director, Everest Industries Ltd, strongly condemned the attack. \"on the company officials by the company works was wrong.The workers are being misguided. We had several rounds of positive talks with the union office-bearers. The workers should have not taken the law in their hands.We already have expansion plans at our existing Nashik plant and to generate future employment possibilities. But this will only be possible if there is a positive and healthy work environment,\" Rao said.Former NIMA president D G Joshi, said, \"There are other ways to get justice. They (the workers) must settle their issues through negotiations. They should not have broken the law. Such attacks are tarnishing the image of Nashik. The city's growth has already been affected due to union problems and the situation will worsen if this continues.\"Former NIMA president Dhananjay Bele said, \"We strongly condemn the attack on the senior company officials. It has been decided that the industries across district having unions affiliated to CITU would not negotiate with the CITU. The further course of action by the industry is to be decided following the joint meeting with the guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal, police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and Dy. Labour Commissioner Ratnadeep Henre on Wednesday.\"AIMA president Suresh Mali said, \"It is an attack on patron and it is really a matter of grave concern for the industry. All the disputes can be sorted out in peaceful manner. The police commissioner has already set up a peace committee of office-bearers of industry bodies and unions. They also had option to settle their issues through peace committee, but whatever happened was really unfortunate.\"Tushar Andhrutkar of NICE said, \"The company workers were already on strike for the last few months. This unfortunate incident could have been avoided if the police department would have taken precautionary measures during the meeting at the Office of the Dy. Labour Commisioner.\"Santosh Mandalecha from MCCI&A;, Pradeep Peshkar of BJP Udyog Aghadi, former city unit President of Laghu Udyog Bharati Rajendra Chhajed, NIMA trustee J M Pawar, general secretary of AIMA Rajendra Ahire and other office-bearers strongly condemned the attack on the company officials by the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15794119", "title": "Brimming dams make Bhakra Beas Management Board seek states' consent to release of full share", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan, which had been facing 10% cut in water share from dams under Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB), due to paucity of rains, are now being approached by the board to give their consent for release of full share of water. Heavy rainfall in Himachal Pradesh has led to unprecedented rise in levels of Pong Dam even as water inflows to the dam crossed 60,000 cusecs on Sunday.The water level in Pong is causing concern as it has increased to 1,364 feet against its maximum capacity of 1,390 feet. Flood gates will have to be opened if the water level rises by another 20 feet. The last 10 days have seen water level going up by 30 feet.\"The partner states were scheduled to meeting on August 30, but we are now going to have it in the next two days to take their consent to release full share of water and lift the 10% cut imposed earlier,\" said Ashok Thapar, member, power, BBMB.Parts of Punjab and Haryana, too, have witnessed rainfall in the past three days. However, some pockets have remained dry. On Sunday, Ludhiana, Patiala and Amritsar saw very little rainfall though the sky was overcast with clouds. Patiala saw just traces, Ludhiana experienced 1 mm rainfall. Although there have been no reports of flooding in Punjab, rivulets in Harike flowing into Pakistan, are in a spate.An official in the Punjab irrigation department said, \"Our urgent need for water has declined with ample rains. Also, most of our rivulets are running full and we are not too keen to get the full share of water from the BBMB.\"\"We are in a comfortable position, not only to provide water for the current crop season but also for the next season,\" Thapar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15787986", "title": "Realtor held with Rs 1.25 lakh opium", "text": "LUDHIANA: A property dealer from SBS Nagar, Subhash Kumar alias Happy was arrested on Saturday evening with 1.50kg opium worth Rs 1.25 lakh. Subhash was carrying the drug wrapped in a polythene around his waist. He was in his car.DCP G S Toor said, \"The accused had brought the drug from Rajasthan and had been a drug peddler for last 12 years.\" The anti-narcotics cell had laid a check post at a children's park near civil hospital when SI Harbans Singh stopped Subhash. According to preliminary investigation, a case of drug peddling was already registered against the accused at Malerkotla in 2005. Meanwhile, police arrested another drug peddler, Parminder Singh of Fazilka, with 980gm opium on Sunday morning. DCP Toor said, \"Parminder Singh was nabbed from Haibowal in the wee hours of Sunday.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15779665", "title": "Additional fund for 15,000 IAY units in Rohtas: Ramesh", "text": "SASARAM: The dream of about 15,000 BPL families of Rohtas district to have their own houses is likely to turn into reality soon as the Union rural development minister, Jairam Ramesh , agreed in principle to release the escalated cost of about Rs 15 crore for completion of Indira Awas Yojana (IAY) units during his one-day tour of Maoist-affected villages under Rohtas and Nauhatta blocks in the district on Saturday.Talking to TOI at the Indrapuri guest house, the Union minister said after seeing many incomplete units at the villages, he inquired into the matter. The DM informed him that only the first instalment of Rs 30,000 each could a unit be provided to the beneficiaries of Maoist-affected blocks. Due to non-release of second instalment, about 15,000 IAY units could not be completed. The Union minister asked Rohtas DM Anupam Kumar to send fresh proposal for the additional fund so that work on the incomplete units could be finished. Earlier, the Central government, holding the state government responsible for not spending the money on time, had turned down its request for releasing additional fund for completion of 15,000 roofless homes.In 2009-10, the Central government, under a special package scheme for the Maoist-affected district of the country, had provided about Rs 70 crore for construction of 19,698 units under IAY at the rate of Rs 30,000 per unit in Rohtas district. The Rohtas district administration selected only eight Maoist-affected blocks for the special package. But out of Rs 70 crore, only Rs 45 crore could be spent.Later, on Rohtas SP's report that all 19 blocks of the district were Maoist-affected, the then Bihar rural development minister Sribhagwan Singh Kushwaha asked the administration in December 2010 to spend the remaining money for the rest 11 blocks.In February 2010, at a meeting of the 20-point Programme Implementation Committee, the district administration agreed to use the amount. And in 2010-11, Rs 23 crore were sent to the blocks for 15,000 units.In the meantime, the government enhanced the amount per unit from Rs 30,000 to Rs 48,000 per unit. And the administration, in the light of the decision of the 20-point Programme Implementation Committee, released Rs 30,000 to each beneficiary as the first instalment in anticipation of the allocation of the remaining Rs 14.35 crore from the Centre. But the Centre had refused to oblige the administration on the ground that the fund was allocated for 2009-10 under special package but it could not be spent on time, sources said.In the last assembly session, the state government, while replying to a call attention notice, had assured the House that fresh request for release of additional fund would be made to the Centre. The Union minister also agreed for re-tender of revised rate for construction of 123 road projects of 2002-2003 on which work could not be started due to Maoist threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15812407", "title": "RS kudos to India Under-19 cricket team", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha on Monday congratulated India Under-19 cricket team for winning the one-day international World Cup by beating defending champions Australia.Members thumped their desks after Chairman Hamid Ansari congratulated the Indian team for winning the U-19 World Cup on Sunday.The win is all the more significant as this is for the third time that U-19s have won the limited over world championship, he said.Mohammed Kaif and Virat Kohli led their respective teams to victory in 2000 and 2008 editions respectively.Ansari said, \"This victory has added another feather in the crown of Indian cricket\" and India now holds both the senior and junior world titles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15789721", "title": "'Infant deaths nothing new'", "text": "Medical education minister Kondru Murali created a flutter on Sunday when he blamed the media for its \"over enthusiasm\" in covering infant deaths at MGM Hospital in Warangal which he said was nothing unusual. He withdrew the remarks after newspersons lodged a strong protest.At a press meet on the hospital premises, he said the media should maintain calm on the issue as the deaths were being reported regularly. He said the issue it was being blown up by them. The scribes objected to the comments after which while district in-charge minister Ramreddy Venkat Reddy and government chief whip G Venkataramana Reddy tried to calm them down he withdrew his remarks.Later, the minister informed that a delegation was going to meet the chief minister on Monday with Rs 78 crore budget allocation proposals for better facilities at MGM and its concern hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15786009", "title": "Odia students excel in maths meet", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Suhana Jena, a six-year-old student of Sai International School, outshone all other competitors in her category and brought home the championship medal at the 12th National Mental Arithmetic competition held in Chennai on Saturday. Kanha Chinmaya Ranjan of Mother's Public School and Madhav Manohar Mohapatra of Loyola School bagged the 5th position in their respective categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792538", "title": "Alert eyewitness helps cops nab jeweller's killers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Alertness of a Good Samaritan helped the Ghazipur police to nab the killers of a jeweller who was shot dead near Shalimar Crossing in Indiranagar on Saturday night.SSP RK Chaturvedi said the accused were identified as Sunil Sharma, his brother Rahul, Vinay Kashyap and Vijay Yadav.Panic had gripped the locality when four unidentified motorcycle-borne miscreants had intercepted the jeweller, Dilip Rastogi, a resident of Model House in Aminabad, when he was walking down to Shalimar Crossing to catch an auto after closing his jewellery shop, Tanushri Jewellers, at Amrapali Market. The miscreants had shot at Dilip from a close range and fled with his bag. Dilip later succumbed to his injuries at the Trauma Centre.An eyewitness had provided the registration number of a two-wheeler used by the killers.On the basis of the registration number, police reached the house of Rupesh Kumar, a resident of Chinhat. The two-wheeler was owned by him, SSP said.Rupesh told the police that his friend Sunil Sharma had borrowed the motorcycle from him on Saturday evening. Rupesh also told the police that Sunil returned the two-wheeler to him at around 10.45pm on Saturday.Later, police raided the house of Sunil, where three other accused involved in the murder were also present. The police arrested all four accused and recovered looted jewellery, keys of the slain jeweler's shop, a country-made pistol and two live cartridges from them.The accused told the police that the plan to rob the jeweler was made by Sunil. As per the modus operandi, Rahul and Vinay intercepted the jeweller, shot at him and robbed him of the valuables, while Sunil and Vijay Yadav were on other motorcycle assisting the two, SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785910", "title": "Parcel scanner still in crate at Kovai Junction for want of space", "text": "COIMBATORE: A huge plywood crate covered with a blue tarpaulin in front of the railway parcel office at Coimbatore Railway junction bears testament to a serious security lapse and haphazard administration in the Southern Railways. Packed inside this crate is a state-of-the-art railway parcel scanner allotted to be installed at the Coimbatore railway junction. However, the scanner continues to remain in the crate outside the parcel office for more than a month now, simply because the authorities have not decided where to install the equipment. Meanwhile, movement of parcels at the station continues without any scanning or screening.\"The scanner is bulky and it's really an issue of lack of space. It also requires proper roofing for safety. A decision is expected to be taken soon,\" said a railway official in Coimbatore.The parcel scanner was allotted to Coimbatore railway junction as part of the Integrated Security Scheme(ISS) programme of Southern Railways to enhance the security features at railway stations. The scanner, a Rapiscan 632 XR model is supposed to be one of the most modern models used by security agencies with automatic explosive detection features. It also meets the security and safety parameters set by US Transportation Security Administration (TSA), UK Department of Transport (DFT), EU European Civil Aviation Conference (ECAC) and French Civil Aviation Authority (STAC). The minimum cost of the equipment according to officials should be more than Rs25 lakh.\"We have already installed baggage screening for passengers at the railway station and soon parcel scanning will also be conducted here,\" said L Chinnaraju, Railway Station Manager (In-charge), Coimbatore.The decision to install the scanner as per normal protocols should be the outcome of a joint meeting of representatives from the commercial section, electrical maintenance, parcel office and Railway Protection Force with deputy station manager and station manager. Coimbatore railway junction has a massive movement of parcel goods on a daily basis and there has been a long standing demand to install proper security systems. A similar parcel scanner was recently installed at Trichy railway station under the ISS project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788890", "title": "Mamata Banerjee is a good leader: APJ Abdul Kalam", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee is a good leader, feels former president APJ Abdul Kalam . He was talking to the media here on Sunday after an interactive session with FICCI Flo and Bharat Chamber of Commerce officials.According to him, Mamata, who had proposed the name of Kalam as the president for a second tenure, has the quality of chief minister. \"She has the quality of a leader and that's why people chose her as CM,\" he said. According to him, the priorities for the state should be education, infrastructure, health, employment generation and the per capita income. \"The literacy rate in Bengal is now 77%, which should go up to 100%. Per capita income should also increase from Rs 30,000.\"Earlier, the 'people's President of India' pointed out that the foremost quality of a leader is integrity and compassion. Kalam also made it clear that he has no regret for not becoming president for the second time. \"I was a professor before becoming the President in 2002. I was happy then. As a President, I was happy too. Now, I am again teaching people and I am really happy,\" he added. Commenting on the responsibilities and power of President of India, he said the sky is the limit as far as responsibility and power of President is concern. On retail FDI , Kalam said there is nothing wrong in it. \"FDI (retail) is not dangerous. In a global world, we have to remain competitive. There is a need to increase food grain production from 250 million tones.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15808915", "title": "Raima Sen tweets about her wedding, denies later", "text": "A spirited Raima Sen tweets about her wedding, denies it next morning. But admits she would marry the guy...some dayOn Saturday night Raima Sen on a social networking site declared that she was tying the knot. With her good friend Varun Thapar. She followed it up with a few pictures of her and Varun holding hands and dancing and a special one where Varun is down on his knees. However, the next morning, she dismissed it as a joke. But her family and friends did not find it too funny. They started calling up and asking about what had happened. We decided to find out.A close friend of Raima spilled the beans. To TOI the friend said, \"The pictures which Raima put up were taken at a party on Saturday in Kolkata. They had gone with a group of friends. Raima was in a good mood. She just wanted to have fun. In no time, she was in high spirits. And the spirit was doing the talking.\"The next morning, the Sen and Thapar families were in for a shock. \"They didn't know what to do. No one knew what had happened the night before that led to such a declaration all of a sudden. It was only after Raima woke up on Sunday morning that the Sens learnt that her high spirits were to blame,\" said the friend.Raima was very embarrassed about her behaviour after she woke up the next morning. All her friends and relatives were asking her questions. \"She could do little to save the situation as she had already tweeted and thousands of people had read it. When she dismissed it as a joke and also said that Varun is her best friend, some people even termed it as a publicity stunt. But it was not that. It was just her tipsy self,\" explained the friend and added, \"And yes, she finds Varun very good-looking but still why get so cheeky?\"When asked yesterday afternoon if what she had tweeted on Sunday was true, Raima told us, \"Of course, it is not true. But you know what... I would definitely like to marry Varun, one day.\" She immediately wanted to hang up and said, \"I am having lunch. Can I call you when I finish eating?\"We kept calling her. But till dinnertime, she did not respond. That's quite a long lunch Raima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15815044", "title": "MSU prof bags IIM's award for contribution in academic, R&D;", "text": "VADODARA: A professor of M S University has bagged the Kishore Kumar Memorial Award for the year 2012 from the Baroda chapter of the Indian Institute of Metals (IIM).Dr Arun Pratap, professor of condensed matter physics, has received the Kishore Kumar Memorial Award 2012 for his contribution and achievement in the field of academic and research and development (R&D;). Dr Pratap's name was unanimously recommended by the IIM's award committee for the award.Dr Pratap was handed over the award during IIM Baroda chapter's Foundation Day Celebrations. He was felicitated and present with a gold plated plaque at the function.Besides being a teacher at the Department of Applied Physics at MSU's Faculty of Technology and Engineering, Dr Pratap is member of the Council of Post Graduate Studies and Research (P G Council) and also chairman of the Baroda chapter of the Indian Physics Association (IPA).\"I am obliged for being selected for the award which recognizes my work in the field of metallurgy in general and in Gujarat,\" Dr Pratap, who has nearly 110 research papers including 70 published in international journals, told TOI.The Baroda chapter of IIM, which was formed 25 years back, hands over the Kishore Kumar Memorial Award annually in three categories - academic and R&D;, professional and industrial fields. Kishore Kumar was former chairman of IIM's Baroda chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15791140", "title": "Trend tilts in favour of finance courses, with 50 making to the merit list", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan is slowly gaining lead in churning out the largest number of finance professionals in the country. Figures released by the Institute of Companies Secretaries of India say that majority of the students who appeared for the company secretary exam, the results for which were announced on Saturday, were from Rajasthan.Students from the state have fared quite well in the examinations. Fifty of them have made it to the league of top 100 in three different categories of CS - executive, foundation and professional. Leading the pack is Abhishek Gaggar of Bhilwara, who bagged first position in CS-Professional. Nidhi Jain stood third in foundation and Siddharth Jain ranked 9{+t}{+h} in executive.State leads with the most number of students enrolling for finance courses, leaving behind Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, which has the highest gross enrolment ratio in higher education. Nearly 45,000 students enrolled in the CS exam in the state out of around 3,00,000 students across the country this year. The Pink City has superseded metros like Mumbai, Delhi and Bangaluru with 25,000 students appearing for CS exam there all taken together.Commenting on the phenomenal growth, Shyam Agarwal, secretary, northern India regional council of the Institute of Companies' Secretary of India, said, \"State's rich enterprising legacy has created an environment that encourages students to get into financial services.\"He informed that in the past five years alone the enrolment figure has jumped 10 times from 2,500 in 2007-08 to around 25,000 in 2011-12. \"The rise in numbers has increased the share in merit from two students, who made it to the top 100 in 2007, to 50 in 2012,\" added Agarwal.This departure can also be attributed to a growing disinterest in management courses.Market boom has generated loads of job opportunities encouraging youth to opt for CS, which also gives corporate exposure through internships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15778880", "title": "Shower brings deficit down to 16%, more rain next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the monsoon active over large parts of northwest India, heavy showers continued in the capital for the fourth consecutive day. The city recorded 24.6mm rainfall till 5.30pm. Met officials say rainfall is expected to decrease over the northern plains for a couple of days but will pick up again in the coming week.Delhi's maximum temperature was 29 degrees Celsius, five degrees below normal, while the minimum was 25.5 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. Mungeshpur recorded the highest rainfall in the city with 68mm, followed by Narela with 56mm and Ridge with 36.7mm rainfall.\"Because of the oscillation of the monsoon trough and a cyclonic circulation, northwest India has been getting good rainfall. In fact, its deficit is down to 16%. Widespread rain is expected to continue in the western Himalayan region, Haryana, Delhi, Chandigarh, Punjab, east Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh till Tuesday though there may be a decrease in activity for a short duration in the plains. Another low-pressure area is forming over the Bay of Bengal which will bring more rain,\" said a Met official.Strangely, though Met eventually denied issuing any such warning, the Delhi high court was evacuated on Saturday due to threat of a cloudburst. Sources said the National Disaster Management Authority issued the alert for Saturday afternoon and the court premises were evacuated around 3.30pm.Acting on the alert, the court also directed the trial courts to take necessary steps. In a circular issued to the trial court, a programme on human trafficking that which was to be held on Sunday has also been postponed. \"This is to inform you that in view of the weather forecast of heavy rains in the city in the next 24 hours and on the basis of oral advisory issued by the government, as per the instructions received from the Delhi high court, the judicial colloquium on Human Trafficking scheduled for tomorrow stands postponed,\" it said.After 10pm, 88,127 cusec was released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15783951", "title": "Teenagers shine at International Baccalaureate school festivals", "text": "MUMBAI: After a series of college festivals, International Baccalaureate (IB) schools are now playing their part by hosting cultural events. Students of Ecole Mondiale school, Juhu, hosted their inter-school festival 'Battlelaureate' for the second time.Ten IB schools from Mumbai and one from Hyderabad participated this year. \"The competition brings students together to showcase their talent and compete for the coveted trophy,\" said Jugal Bhinde, president of the festival and a Std XII student of the hosting school.\"This year, the competition got fierce, as students from around the country, competed in music, dance and visual arts events,\" he added. \"There were hundreds of participants running from one room to another for various preliminary events on Friday and Saturday while the final round took place on Sunday,\" added Bhinde. The host school emerged victorious as the fest wound up. Students said participating in inter-school fests brought \"fun quotient to rivalry\". \"The entire competition is organized and managed by students of Ecole Mondiale school,\" said Bhinde. Over the weekend, 53 schools and junior colleges took part in Jamnabai Narsee school's fest 'Cascade', which is in its 12th year.\"The response was overwhelming,\" said Rishika Moghe, PR head of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15790027", "title": "Funds to spruce up 8 tourist spots in district sanctioned", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to spruce up the heritage spots in the district, the state government has sanctioned funds for eight major projects proposed by the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC). According to DTPC secretary T N Jayasankar, the council had submitted 20 proposals to the district administration, out of which 14 have been approved. \"We have received funds for eight projects and work on four projects has already begun,\" he said.The state government has sanctioned Rs 10 crore for the Fort Kochi beautification project. The project, which is expected to be completed in a year, will take steps to protect the dilapidated Chinese fishing nets and put in place better roads, pavements and benches. An amount of Rs 1.65 crore will be spent for the conservation of the Pratyasha Mata Church at Fort Vyppin. The government will spend Rs 2.49 crore to spruce up the more than 100-year-old North Paravoor District Court.Another Rs 1.13 crore has been sanctioned to give a facelift to Muvattupuzha. To develop an adventure tourism base camp and expand boating facilities at Bhoothathankettu, 50km away from city, Rs.2.83 crore has been sanctioned. The government has sanctioned a boat to DTPC to operate at the Poothotta-Piravom lakeside tourism circuit. The irrigation department has sanctioned Rs 6 crore to develop Kadambrayar-Marine Drive waterway. To set up a gateway tourism centre in Kochi, the DTPC has been allotted Rs 35 lakh.Though the government had approved the council's proposal to set up an Onam national museum at Thrikkakara, funds have not been sanctioned so far. \"They have asked us to draw up a list of items that needs to be purchased to make the museum operational. Based on that, funds will be approved,\" said Jayasankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15798150", "title": "Town to showcase one idol for security", "text": "NASHIK: If things go as planned, If things fall on the expected lines, Makhmalabad might be setting an example for other wards in Nashik city in terms of contributing towards the security of its people and property, by making the 'One Village One Ganesh' concept a reality.On Friday, a team of 150 volunteers under the Gram Suraksha programme, which sees patrolling activity undertaken by residents for the town's safety, distributed T-shirts and whistles and under the Gram Suraksha Dal programme, wherein it was announced that Makhmalabad would implement the concept of having only one idol for its township. one village one Ganesh concept.Members of the Gram Suraksha Dal members have started assisting the police in patrolling their area in a bid to ensure that there are no instances of burglaries or house break-ins.Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, who was present at the distribution ceremoney held by volunteers, said he hoped that the Gram SurakshaDal's members maintained consistency in assisting the police in manning their ward during night hours and also appreciated the concept termed - Ek Gaon Ek Ganpati - that Makhmalabad was initiating this year. It is believed that this programme will help streamline security efforts, since having only one Ganesh mandal will help in crowd management ,. .Sarangal added that the execution of the concept had been attempted at many places before but was never realized. But the police chief further said that he had heard about the culture of Makhmalabad village in the city and he was certain Makhmalabad would succeed in its endeavour.Addressing the town's residents Sarangal said.\"With rising population, incidences of crime also increase, but if citizens support the police in maintaining law and order, crime can certainly be controlled. This is being seen in Nashik city. Citizens are the main support of the police as They are the police in civil attire an they play the role of being the ears and eyes for law-enforcement forces,\" Sarangal said.Deputy commissioner of police, Sahebrao Patil also expressed his views on the occasion saying that Makhamalabad was progressing only because of the strength displayed by the village.Speaking to TOI, corporator Damodar Mankar said that he had been planning to implement this idea for a long timesince long he was contemplating to implement the One village one Ganapati concept in Makhmalabad. \"We have been in talks with members of different ganapati mandals. While Makhmalabad, comprising 12,000 residents, has decided to install only one ganpati, which will take care of noise pollution, urban localities in the ward are also being encouraged to bring their public ganpatis on display to us. We will put up banners of the concerned mandals at the main pandal.We do not want a single DJ to be played in our ward.Assistant commissioner of police Ganesh Shinde, senior police inspector of the Panchavati police station Bajirao Bhosale, senior police inspector of Bhadrakali police station Dhanraj Dayma were also present at the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15791781", "title": "Pink City turns Sink City as monsoon refuses to relent", "text": "JAIPUR: When it rains, it pours, and Jaipur seems to be getting a first-hand experience of this phenomenon. A day after chief minister Ashok Gehlot blamed the media for hyping the rains, heavy rains revisited the city which is yet to recover from last week's monsoon onslaught. Residents of many low-lying areas which were already inundated feared the worst as nearly 80mm of rain pounded the city on Sunday.While Jaipur witnessed some 36.4mm of rainfall till 8.30 am in the morning, at night nearly 40mm of rain lashed the city in just one hour (between 8.30pm to 9.30pm). And the Met office says more is to come, predicting heavy rain in the next 72 hours.TOI visited a few low-lying areas in the city including Bhatta Basti and Prem Nagar colony during the downpour and saw that the areas were already waterlogged. Residents of Madrampura locality were a terrified lot, struggling to cope with the deluge.Some people were not only upset with the sudden downpour but also irked by the chief minister's comments. \"Rather than mocking at out troubles he (chief minister) should come and see what conditions we are facing in these camps. Portions of our homes had collapsed in Wednesday's rains. Now, we fear if this rain continues we would literally be left homeless,\" said Shobhojeet Mandal, a resident of Prem Nagar colony who works as a daily wager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813044", "title": "Gunjan Pant to host Ikrarnama", "text": "We all have seen Gunjan Pant in various shades but soon we will see her in her real-self. She will be hosting a reality show, 'Ikrarnama' on 'Anjan TV'. The show will be based on relationships and family ties. The show is directed by Ajay Pal.\"I am very happy to be doing this show. This is a new challenge for me and I am more than happy to take this. I will get a chance to meet so many families and solve their relationship issues, counsel them on that. TV is the best medium to reach to our audience. And I would like to congratulate CEO of Anjan TV, Manjit Hansji that they have taken this step. All the shows on this channel has a message,\" says Gunjan. Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15791165", "title": "Centre unlikely to release drought funds", "text": "JAIPUR: Relief funds sought by Rajasthan government to deal with drought are unlikely to be released by the Union government following widespread rainfall across the state. The government in its memorandum on August 12 had demanded Rs 7,424 crore from the Centre for fighting drought in five districts and taking up relief work in 26 other districts.The disaster management division of Union ministry of home affairs has already indicated that Rajasthan may not need Central assistance for drought. \"The situation has changed a lot from the day they submitted a memorandum to us. Our figures indicate that Rajasthan has received sufficient rainfall,\" an MHA official said.\"However, the final decision on how much assistance is to be provided will only be taken after our high-level committee visits the affected areas and submits its report,\" he said.The Centre's assistance to the state through calamity relief fund has accumulated in the past two years. Officials mentioned that if the number of districts declared under drought is between five and 10, then the demand for extra money may not be met. Ministry of finance releases the aid to state governments for drought-related relief work on the recommendation of the MHA.The Central team, which was scheduled to assess drought situation in Jaisalmer and Jodhpur on Friday, postponed its visit on the request of the state government. \"They were supposed to visit the state on August 24 but due to heavy rain they were requested to change their plan. The new dates will be finalized on Monday,\" said an official of state disaster and relief management department.It will be a huge blow for the state if the Central government declines the government's request for financial assistance. The Union finance ministry has already rejected the state government's proposal to extend relief activity in the state beyond 90 days.Experts believe that the state is unlikely to witness a drought in the current scenario. \"With heavy rainfall, the state has almost achieved the target rainfall for this monsoon. Till Sunday, we received 319 mm rain against 332 mm last year. The gap now stands at -0.4% which is negligible,\" said SS Singh, director, Jaipur Met office.The five districts -- Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Nagaur and Barmer which were earlier declared drought hit too have received moderate rainfall and moved up from scanty to districts receiving deficient rainfall. Of these, Naguar has now registered normal rainfall while Bikaner and Jodhpur are about to reach the mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15809968", "title": "Ilayaraja to perform at Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu audio", "text": "Maestro Ilayaraja is all set to take part in a concert in Hyderabad. The ace music director would be performing at the musical show along with his 65 member orchestra team from London and Hungary at GMC Balayogi Indoor stadium in Gachibowli, on 2 September 2012.The audio launch of Nani-Samantha starrer upcoming movie Yeto Velli Poyindi Manasu will be held during this concert. Ilayaraja has scored the music for the film and makers took an innovative route to launch the Telugu version of the audio.The teaser has already got great response from the audience and has raised the expectations on the film, which is directed by Gautham Menon. Sony Music has bagged the audio rights. Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu is being made simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815328", "title": "Neha Dhupia may finally bump into Mr. Right?", "text": "As she enters her 33rd year, numerologist predicts Neha Dhupia may bump in to her Mr.Right and may settle down before August next year.With her last few films, she has definitely turned into a fine actress no doubt, but still the industry hasn't given Neha Dhupia due credit we think. Astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what the future holds for Neha Dhupia on the eve of her 32nd birthday.\"Born on 27th August 1980, Neha is a Number 9 (Mars) person in numerology ruled by Number 5 (Virgo - ruling planet Mercury) and her 'destiny' number adds up to Number 8 (Saturn)\".\"Neha will now be entering her 33rd year which will bring 'good news' for her when it comes to her personal life. Yes, she may finally bump in to her Mr.Right and may settle down before August next year\", predicts Bhavikk.He continues \"On the film front, she should continue to do varied roles in films which are truly different or has out-of-the-box concepts like she has been doing\".\"I would advise her to spell her name as 'NEHAA DHUPIA' and wear a Blue Sapphire (after testing) on her middle finger to see some magical or miraculous results - be it in her personal or professional life\", signs off Bhavikk on a positive note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813914", "title": "Hansika confirms her exit from Vettai remake", "text": "Bubbly actress Hansika Motwani has finally spoke about her exit from the Telugu remake of Vettai. The actress cited that she could not allocate bulk dates to the makers as she's currently working on 6 films.\"Unfortunately had to back out of the tamil remake vettai,due to dates problem, as dey have to release the flim by the end of the year As I hv6 projects on board currently,I cldnt provide D bulk dates 2dis project(vettai remake telugu)Bt nvr D less I wish D team al d best. so here's the real reason y I back out of the project.So now there can be a Full Stop 2al the fake stories created on the net o print:)peace (sic).The untitled film has Naga Chaitanya and Sunil playing the male leads. While the doe eyed beauty Tamannah has replaced Hansika to play Naga Chaitanya's love interest, Andrea Jeremiah is paired opposite Sunil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15811606", "title": "Tobacco consumption up by 7% in Uttar Pradesh: Survey", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a recent survey conducted by the union ministry of health and family welfare, it was found that there has been a 7% rise in prevalence of male tobacco in Uttar Pradesh.As per the latest Global Adult Tobacco Survey (GATS) survey, 56% males consume tobacco in UP.The corresponding survey for 2010 revealed that 49% of state men consume tobacco in one form or the other.In Uttar Pradesh , 34 % men chew tobacco in different forms like plain tobacco, khaini, gutkha, pan masala while 22 % use cigarettes, hookah, chilam and bidis.Not only this, two districts in the state have figured as one of the most tobacco consuming places.The health survey also confirmed that 13% of UP population is a smoker with most of them located in Sitapur district where every third man is a smoker. While in chewing tobacco, Banda is the leader where around 67 % men consume tobacco. What calls for urgent attention is that most productive population of the state is in the grip of tobacco addiction.Thus, this major portion of population is not able to give its best output when it comes to increasing productivity. This could be one of the reasons that UP is still among the underdeveloped states in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784279", "title": "Kejriwal to stage sit-in against Anna backers' arrest", "text": "BHOPAL: As the police arrested 24 Anna Hazare supporters demonstrating outside chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's official residence and sent them to Central Jail, an SMS reached activists of the India Against Corruption Movement. It was from team member Arvind Kejriwal who was detained twice on Sunday for demonstrating outside the prime minister's residence in New Delhi without permission.In the SMS, Arvind Kejriwal claimed, he was going to come to Bhopal on Tuesday and sit in protest outside chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's residence. Peeved over police action against his activists for agitating against Chouhan's alleged role in the coal allotment fiasco, Kejriwal wants to commit the same \"crime'' as his activists in Bhopal - protest outside CM House.The SMS, which was sent to an activist of the India Against Corruption movement Inder Vikram Singh , read: \"People were beaten up badly in Bhopal while protesting against corruption. Why is Shivraj Singh Chouhan there? Is there any difference between the UPA at the Centre and the BJP in MP? Same character, same arrogance of power, same corruption, same oppression.''The SMS confirmed that 24 persons, including five women have been arrested by the MP government. \"They are in Central Jail. Their crime-they raised voice against corruption by Shivraj Singh Chouhan. How can the people tolerate this? I will also commit the same crime on Tuesday - raise my voice against Shivraj Singh Chouhan's corruption and sit in dharna outside his residence on Tuesday - August 27 and offer myself for arrest,\" Kejriwal's SMS said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jodhpur/jaipur", "code": "15790628", "title": "Fleeing Pak Hindus narrate horrifying tales", "text": "Jodhpur/JAIPUR: As the exodus of Hindus from Pakistan continues, some families that arrived in Jodhpur and nearby areas have narrated horrifying tales about atrocities committed on them by their landlords or employers.They say that they were facing a situation in which they had to either flee Pakistan or get killed. They also say that Pakistan has adopted a 'policy of discouragement' for those Hindu families that want to leave for India. All possible efforts are being made to keep these people there as they are labourers who can be bullied and forced to work on meager wages.This trick of Pakistan is now showing results. Hindu Singh Sodha, president of Seemant Lok Sangathan, which is working for these displaced Hindus to get their rights in India, said that the number of Hindus coming via Thar Express was 400 two weeks ago, which plummeted to 10 in the last week's arrival of the Thar Express.Reluram, a resident of Samad district in Pakistan, came to Jodhpur with his seven relatives. His brother Mahendra Mal, a driver, sought salary from his employer, an influential man. \"He was tied up in iron chains and then beaten up severely for two days resulting in his death. When we approached the police, we were harassed. Fifteen of our relatives are still stuck in Pakistan, desperately wanting to migrate to India,\" said Reluram.Fourteen-year-old Manisha Kumar, who used to live in Northern Sindh's Jacobabad, was abducted on August 7. When her father Rawat Mal, an iron trader, went to police, he was first humiliated and literally thrown out. Finally he filed a habeas corpus petition in the Sindh High Court. The police then produced Manisha in the court, but she was no more a Hindu unmarried girl. The police claimed that she had changed her religion and married on her will. She testified in the court, \"I want to live with my husband Murtaza\".The prosecution argued that she was a minor, but the police, which was in cahoots with the abductors, proved in the court that she was 16 years through forged documents.\"A distraught Rawat Mal, after losing his daughter, has lost all interest in continuing in Pakistan\", says Rakesh Lakhani, an activist, who is devoted to the cause of Pakistani Hindus.The atrocities on Hindus in Pakistan have no bounds. \"They hardly have any choice. Either they convert to Islam and live a comparatively better life or continue to wait for their turn of persecution\", added Lakhani.\"Our women are not safe, our profession and trades are not safe and also our properties are not safe. For every facility or right, we have to grease the palms of the authorities. Even then there is no guarantee that the facility will last long,\" said Mohan Ram from Sanghar district of Sindh, who lost his agricultural land to the influential ones after denied water and fertilizers.Activists say that several Hindu families are desperate to arrive in Rajasthan through Thar Express. But unwilling to let them go so easily, the Pakistan has now resorted to, what can be termed as a \"Policy of Discouragement\".Hindu Singh Sodha said that the people there are ready to leave for India en mass with their entire family, but the Pakistani authorities are not issuing visas to the entire family. \"In such a condition, some of the family members make their way to India and remaining wait there for their turn of visa,\" Sodha said.\"But now, making the things further worse for these hapless Hindu families, Pakistan has made it mandatory to give an undertaking to the immigration officials that they will come back\", Sodha informed.Rajnath Singh wants Centre to interveneSenior BJP leader Rajnath Singh had recently raised the issue of Hindu migrants from Pakistan and the atrocities faced by the community in that country. He had highlighted the issue in Lok Sabha urging the Union government to take up their issues. Singh is also in touch with the organizations fighting for the welfare of the migrant Hindus. \"I am collecting data about the number of Hindu migrants coming to India and their settlements back in India,\" he told TOI. He said that there were reports about not only forced conversions in Pakistan but also cases of atrocity.\"Centre should include the matter in the list of bilateral meetings and it should be discussed at the foreign ministers' level,\" he added. He said that he will raise the issue at the party forum too and request BJP leadership to take up the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15770465", "title": "Playing the Davis Cup right now is a bad idea: Somdev Devvarman", "text": "Tennis player Somdev Devvarman talked to BT about his experience at the Olympics, the all-new Davis Cup squad and the special someone in his life.What was it like playing at the Olympics?It was my first time and it was very exciting. I had a lot of fun playing in the Village. I enjoyed the opening ceremony, and playing on the court at Wimbledon was fun. It was one of my great memories. I also met Michael Phelps and Tyson Gay and I saw the Dream Team (the American basketball team). I'm a big basketball fan, so that was great. It was a surreal experience. You see so many world-class athletes at the Olympics, and so you start to appreciate how good they are at their sport.You're coming off a shoulder surgery to play the US Open. Have you had to change your game since the surgery?I've played a few matches already and I think I'm starting to get a feel of things again. I've put in a lot of hard work and I'm really looking forward to the US Open. Also, the core of my game is pretty similar to what it was. Right now, the most important thing is not to change a whole lot. It's just to work hard, try to get back to where I was and once I get there, I can really start moving on court.Your ranking has plummeted from a career high of 62 to 473. Does that bother you?Honestly, no, not really. It's just a part of the game. I'm not the first person to ever have surgery, injury or be out for a while. A lot of players have done it in the past and a lot of players have had very successful comebacks. I just feel like I have a new perspective right now. All I'm doing is trying to work hard, to get back in the game, take things as they are, and move on.What are your plans after the US Open?I'm going to play a few ATP Challengers in Asia for the most part.But didn't you say you were unavailable to play for the Davis cup tie against New Zealand next month?I think it's a bad decision for me to play the Davis Cup right now. I've taken a lot of pride in playing for the country before. I'm not quite ready to play under that kind of pressure right now. The adrenaline you feel in the Davis Cup is completely different from a regular tour match. Last time, I went into the Davis Cup just a little bit injured and I couldn't even complete the tie. That really hampered my progress. I don't want to make the same mistake again. I also think the junior guys - Yuki (Bhambri), Vishnu (Vardhan), Sanam (Singh) and Sriram Balaji - have been doing really well. I think they're better suited to play for this tie. Hopefully, I'll get my fitness and match fitness back and I can represent the country as soon as I can.Do you play sports other than tennis?Once I got healthy, I started playing volleyball and basketball. I'm training with a bunch of athletes who are very competitive. So it's just stuff to be competitive, yet have a good time.With such a hectic schedule, do you have the time to have a girlfriend?I definitely find time... I don't want to talk about it, right now, publicly. It really doesn't interfere too much with my professional life. There is someone, but I don't want to talk about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15807162", "title": "No Madame Tussauds for Sridevi", "text": "Even as the buzz about Sridevi making her comeback in a Tamil-Telugu-Hindi trilingual is getting intense, the pretty actress has been making headlines for yet another reason recently.There have been rumours in certain sections of the media that the 16 Vayathiniley star, like her Bollywood counterparts Amitabh Bachchan and Madhuri Dixit , is set to be waxed at Madame Tussauds soon.While Sridevi remained unavailable for comment, her husband, producer Boney Kapoor denies any such development. He says, \"This is news to us. I've also been reading reports about Sridevi being immortalised at the wax museum, but this untrue. We haven't received any official letter or call regarding this.\"Bobby Khan, who brought the Madame Tussauds to Bollywood, also says he's unaware of any such developments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792263", "title": "UP proposes tamper-proof apparatus to save girl child", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a cue from Maharashtra to curb the menace of low sex ratio, the Uttar Pradesh government has proposed to install active tracker devices in ultra sound machines in districts with alarmingly low sex ratio. The device was first used under a pilot project by the Maharashtra government in Kolhapur district. After the success of the pilot project, the Maharashtra government extended it to six districts. Several other state governments including Gujarat and Haryana have also replicated it.Once cleared and subsequently implemented in the state, the technology will give a new lease of life to Save The Girl Child Campaign, which is funded under the National Rural Health Mission.An active tracker is a 'tamper-proof' device attached to an ultrasound machine. It switches on automatically when the ultrasound machine is switched on. It records all the videos taken by the machine on a real-time basis and saves the same in its huge memory (1 terabyte). It comes with an inbuilt GPRS receptor that helps personnel at a control room generate a data log for the number of hours the tracker was switched on as well as the number of videos saved in it. Both the data help the authorities immediately to trace any tampering attempts.The project worth Rs 4 crore was sent to the Union health ministry after an approval from the NRHM's governing body. Mission director, NRHM, UP, said, \"We have shortlisted 10 worst affected districts for this year.\" The active tracker will be attached to each of the ultrasound machines in these 10 districts. The 13 districts with lowest sex ratio as per the Annual Health Survey 2010 (in alphabetical order) are: Agra, Baghpat, Bulandshahr, GB Nagar, Ghaziabad, Meerut, Muzaffarnagar, Jhansi, Hathras, Hardoi, Bijnor, Etawah and Kanpur Nagar.NGO workers associated with Save The Girl Child Campaign reveal that the device would come handy in collecting evidence against those who misuse the ultrasound machine. Four types of evidences are needed to book a person flouting various provisions of the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act. These are: Statement of the expectant mother, statement of the referral doctor, the video of the sonography and the details of the patient and some medico-technical data compiled in a format called Form-F. Except the video, the rest could be easily tampered.As per the PCPNDT Act, it is mandatory for ultrasound centres to maintain a minimum record for two years. Most of the centres do not keep that record because the older USG machines do not have any memory to store the videos. Some newer versions of the machines come with a memory. But, it has been observed that owners tend to tamper it. Legal experts however say that video alone cannot establish if the doctor was involved in sex selection or not. They feel that the data gathered through the machine helps.For example, an NGO in Maharashtra was able to nail down a culprit when in a 13-minute video of a 12-week foetus, the doctor focused on the genitals for nine minutes and the pregnancy was terminated following the sonography under some other pretence.The active tracker also offers a solution to the drawbacks of Form-F, which is vulnerable to incorrect reporting. The device has online software that makes it mandatory for all practising gynaecologists, radiologists with a registered USG machine and authorised centres for Medically Terminated Pregnancies (MTP) to fill up forms under PCPNDT Act and Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act respectively. The online form cannot be completed unless all the fields are filled up. Further, it cannot be tampered at a later stage and can be used for cross reference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15780927", "title": "In parched state, gardens of babus guzzle drinking water", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as 14 of Gujarat's 26 districts reel from a deficient monsoon, the babudom in Gandhinagar is consuming the most drinking water per capita in the country. The capital consumes 310 litres per capita per day (LPCD). Most of this water comes from the Narmada network. You'd be mistaken to assume that the bureaucrats are on hydrotherapy, it's their gardens that are to blame.To stop this criminal waste of a precious resource, the roads and building department is setting up a water treatment plant with a capacity of 10 million litres of sewage water per day, just to supply to gardens in Gandhinagar. The plant is currently under construction, behind Infocity campus.\"The recycled water will be close to potable water quality. We are installing a sequential batch reactor at the plant. A large part of Gandhinagar's sewage will be diverted to this plant instead of the Jaspur treatment plant. To begin, the plant will direct 5 MLD of treated water to the capital's gardens. We will direct the recycled water via separate lines to individual bungalow gardens,\" says a senior officer of the roads and building department.Gandhinagar's daily potable water consumption is close to 55 million litres per day (MLD) in peak summer and 40 MLD during monsoon and winter, for a population of 2.55 lakh. There are almost 14,000 government quarters in the city. According to the only available water consumption survey, conducted by ADB across 20 cities in the country in 2009-10, Gandhinagar tops the charts.Worse still, babus pay next to nothing for this fast-depleting resource in an otherwise water-starved state. Across Gujarat, average consumption in cities is 145 litres per capita per day (LPCD); and in rural areas, it is 70 LPCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15781960", "title": "'Eye-donation awareness remains in cities'", "text": "NAGPUR: Awareness about eye donations may have spread in the bigger cities, but is still to reach the smaller towns and villages. Also, there is a lack of infrastructure and trained surgeons when it comes to corneal transplantation, believe experts.This was opinion of doctors during 'Corneawareness' programme organized by the ophthalmology department of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences and EYEDU Foundation. Along with discussion on the basics and recent advances in management of corneal diseases, the programme also had a hands-on training session where demonstrations and spot diagnosis of difficult cases was arranged for the post graduate students. The local faculty Dr Ajay Kulkarni spoke about pterigium surgery and keratoplasty.\"The number of donations in the country is not high enough with the annual requirement being one lakh corneas and the number of donations being 30,000. Of these, only half can be used for transplants as the others are either diseased or not of the desired quality. Eye banks in the country are capable of handling much more work than they presently do,\" said Dr Aashish Bansal, director of EYEMAX Eye Foundation and head of the ophthalmology department at Apollo Hospitals , Hyderabad.He said the awareness level in villages and smaller towns was low. \"Also, there is a severe shortage of surgeons trained for corneal transplants, especially in northern India. In states like Punjab and Haryana, the collection is good but the corneas have to be sent to other states for transplantation,\" he said. Transport can also cause deterioration in quality, he added.It is no longer difficult to convince a person or family about eye donation, the problem is not asking at the right time, believes Mumbai-based cornea consultant Dr Nikhil Gokhale. \"A grief-stricken family does not have eye donation as top priority. If people were to be asked after the death of their loved ones for donating eyes, at least 10% would agree straightaway,\" he said. This onus, he says, lies with the doctors issuing the death certificates. Earlier, the death certificate in state of Maharashtra had a column asking this question, which served as a gentle reminder, he added. \"What we need today are more tissue collection, more trained surgeons and infrastructure that makes eye donation easier and affordable,\" he said.Cornea's is among the most successful organ transplants where the chances of rejection are very low, informed Dr Rekha Khandelwal, professor and head of the ophthalmology department at NKPSIMS. \"Even corneas that are not transplanted are utilized for research. The number of donations has definitely gone up. Yet, there also needs to be an attitudinal shift of donors who take these donations for granted,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15794906", "title": "Harbansmohal residents protest against civic apathy", "text": "KANPUR: The resident of Harbansmohal held protest over failure of Jal Sansthan and municipal corporation in ensuring smooth supply of drinking water and maintaining civic conditions in the area, on Sunday. The people were angry that they had been getting dirty water from taps. They alleged that officials of the department concerned pay no heed towards the complaints, which forced them to protest.In the street corner protest, the demonstrators were beating empty vessels and sat on potholed roads. The people also expressed concern over the apathetic attitude of the civic authorities.\"We only get water twice a day in the morning and evening for not more than 30 minutes. There are power cuts for hours due to which we are unable to store water. The little water that we manage to collect is impure and unhygienic,\" rued Poonam, a housewife living in the locality.The protestors said that they will keep on demonstrating till their demands are met by the Jal Sansthan and KMC authorities.\"We will take the protest to the KMC and Jal Sansthan offices also if the problems of drinking water and insanitary conditions are not sort out soon,\" said Ashish, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15779757", "title": "Thieves on the prowl in Kautilya Nagar", "text": "PATNA: Armed criminals barged into the house (No. 163) of a former minister Brajkishore Singh at Kautilya Nagar under Airport police station on Saturday midnight and looted valuables worth thousands of rupees after taking the caretaker of the house, Pankaj Kumar Srivastava, hostage.In another incident, thieves broke open the grill of the flat of Girish Chandra Sinha, a relative of former minister Harihar Mahato at Harihar Sadan (house number-164) in the same locality on Friday night and stole some clothes. The house is owned by Mahato. There are about 255 buildings in Kautilya Nagar and most of them belong to former MLAs, ministers and MPs.According to some of the friends of Pankaj, who is a PG student of IGNOU, he was sleeping in one of the rooms at around 12 in the night when criminals cut open the grill and sneaked into the house. The criminals tied the hands and legs of Pankaj with ropes, blindfolded him and ransacked the entire house as clothes were found scattered in all the three rooms of the house. The criminals also cut open the grill of another room in which Vinay Kumar, an employee of a private firm stays, and stole valuables. Vinay was at Motihari. The criminals took away a TV set, Rs 500 cash and cellphone of Pankaj, an iron set and two FSL bulbs. Pankaj raised an alarm on Sunday morning and the neighbours rushed there and opened the main door of the house. Former minister Singh stays at Motihari and Pankaj's father Umesh Prasad Srivastava is manager at his cold storage.Usha Singh, one of the relatives of former minister Harihar Mahato, said the thieves broke open the grill of the window and entered the room when Girish was not present at the house. She said the thieves opened the almirah and took away some clothes. A written complaint had been lodged with the police station concerned on Saturday morning, she said.Usha said in June last, the thieves had cut open the grill of her flat and stole camera, purse and other costly valuables worth Rs 1 lakh.The residents were agitated over the insensitive attitude of the local police. Former minister Srinarayan Yadav said several cases of theft had taken place in the colony in the past one year and the local police had failed to take any step to check such incidents.Another former minister, Munshi Lal Rai, who is also president of Kautilya Nagar Co-operative Housing Society, said he had written several letters to successive city SPs about the crime taking place in the locality. Rai said he also met the present city SP and apprised him of the situation.City SP, Patna, Jayant Kant, who reached the spot, said the local police were looking into the matter. Airport police station SHO B K Sahi said he had not received any complaint regarding theft at Girish's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15783182", "title": "Housing firm told to pay buyer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A firm of the DLF group will have to pay Vasant Kunj resident Satish Sharma Rs. 7.12 lakh for accepting payment for a flat in an unapproved residential project - a move the District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (New Delhi) pronounced \"unfair trade practice.\"Sharma, a cancer patient, had booked a flat in \"The Express Greens\" in Gurgaon in 2008. By 2009, he had paid Rs. 14.37 lakh toward the cost of the flat \"without entering into formal agreement.\" Sharma discovered, from news reports, that the project had been abandoned by DLF Home Developers Ltd \"for financial reasons.\" That, combined with the fact that he was suffering from cancer, led him to decide to not buy. He requested for cancellation and refund without penalty. The company refused and Sharma, to avoid being marked a \"defaulter\" continued to pay despite having requested for cancellation.The builders argued that it was entitled to forfeit the earnest money and other non-refundable payments as per the agreement. They returned only a part of the amount - Rs. 8.24 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15782563", "title": "2 brothers beaten up in road rage", "text": "MUMBAI: The Tardeo police are looking for a group of eight youths who allegedly assaulted two businessmen brothers on the Mumbai Central bridge in a case of road rage that was triggered by overtaking. The group beat up the brothers with iron rods and knuckle dusters, before fleeing when they heard a police van approaching.According to investigating officer Rajesh Chandukade, the victims are Mumbai Central residents Shaikh Irfan (35) and Shaikh Sufiyan (32), who were returning from a gymnasium in Haji Ali when the incident occurred. The Shaikhs are supplier of electronic surveillance system and have more than 500 system integrators working for them.\"My brothers have been visiting the gym for the past six months. Around 9 that night, the two were riding back home when a WagonR sped up from behind and overtook my brothers' bike, forcing them onto the footpath. The one riding the motorcycle also lost his balance,\" said Zubair, the victims' brother. The brothers chased the car, forcing the motorist to stop near the Mumbai Central signal, said the police.Even as they had an altercation, the motorist called up his friends and asked them to come to the spot. \"Within minutes, seven young men arrived, armed with iron rods, lathis and knuckle dusters. They hit, kicked and punched my brothers. Meanwhile, some passersby called up the police and a patrol van reached the spot. Seeing the cops, the attackers fled, leaving behind a bike and a car,\" said Zubair.The bleeding brothers were taken to Nair hospital and the police registered a case of assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15789448", "title": "Begum Bazaar sub-inspector's wife stages dharna in front of his house", "text": "HYDERABAD: Estranged wife of a Begum Bazaar sub-inspector (SI) staged a dharna in front of his house in Meerpet alleging that he had duped her and started living with another woman.According to police, Begum Bazaar probationary SI Venkata Reddy, 45, had married Lalita, 38, of Nakirekal 17 years ago when he was working as a police constable in Nalgonda,. The couple has two children. Subsequently, the couple had some marital problems and Lalita filed a domestic harassment case against Reddy at the Nalgonda town police station six years ago. Later, the couple reached a compromise in court. For the past six years Venkata Reddy has been staying separately in the city. In 2011, Reddy became an SI and was working as a probationary SI at the Begum Bazaar police station till last week.On Sunday morning, Lalita went to Reddy's house in Meerpet and staged a dharna alleging that he duped her and now he was staying with another woman.The matter came to the notice of the Meerpet police. \"Reddy informed us that he has been staying with a divorcee and she was only helping him with cooking and cleaning the house. The woman also confirmed the same. Later in the evening, Lalita gave us in writing that she will settle the matter with Reddy and does not want us to book any case. So, no case has been registered,\" Meerpet inspector T Ravindar said.The Begum Bazaar police said Reddy has been attached to the Visakhapatnam range for training and he was relieved from the police station on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798105", "title": "At German mela, textile pavilions dazzle visitors", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly 10,000 visitors flocked to the brilliantly-lit pavilions at the Indo-German Urban mela. Sixteen pavilions, each resembling a gemstone, these modern textile structures designed by German installation artist Markus Heinsdroff are decked up in colours of gold , silver, copper, ruby red and titanium white. The pavilions are imbued with state-of-theart textile and lighting techniques from Europe.These also draw inspiration from the honeycomb structures which have selfsupporting hexagonal forms that seamlessly join them with similar structures to create a larger unit.\"The double-sided walls help to control the temperatures inside the pavilion. As sections of the facade are made of translucent fabric, daylight flows inside and at night, the light from inside flows outwards, illuminating the structure,\" said installation artist Markus Heinsdroff . These easy to dismantle and re-use pavilions are built with eco-friendly and recyclable articles like wood, textiles and steel. The structures are designed keeping in mind the theme - 'StadtRaume or City Spaces' .\"It is a smaller version of a city that plays with the existing skyline of the urban landscape and challenges them to change their perspective on it. We have brought together the best of both Germany and India and created these structures ,\" he added.He also added that one of the chief concerns was to envision how cities would appear in the future and to experiment with architectural designs which are sustainable as well as environment friendly. Nikita , a visitor, said, \"The pavilions are mesmerising . I never imagined that a blend of such traditional and modern elements could actually exist. I wish I had a work-space or house like this\" .\"We have received a lot of enquiries about the after use of these pavilions. We plan to donate them to an educational or cultural institution,\" said Jens Stuhr, a member of the organising committee.Lisa, a student of Goethe Institute said, \" I am reminded of gems and jewels whenever I look at these pavilions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15813244", "title": "Shutdown paralyses life in Assam, no fresh incident of violence reported", "text": "GUWAHATI: Life was paralysed in Assam by a 12-hour bandh called by the Bajrang Dal to protest the violence in the lower Assam districts where the situation was calm with no fresh incident reported on Monday.Bandh supporters burnt tyres and pelted stones at vehicles in different parts of the state following which the police took nearly 500 of them into preventive custody in Guwahati, Golokgunj and Agomoni in Dhubri, official sources said.Schools, colleges and educational institutions, commercial and business establishments, financial institutions remained closed with attendance in government offices thin, the sources said.Vehicles remained off the roads with a few state transport buses running with police escorts.Bandh supporters were also taken into preventive custody near the North East Frontier Railway at Maligaon here when they stopped railway employees from reporting for duty, the sources said.Rail and air services, however, remained unaffected. The bandh was supported by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and RSS.There was no fresh incident of violence in lower Assam districts since Saturday evening where seven people have died and two others injured since Friday taking the toll in the more than month-long violence to 87.Night curfew was continuing in the districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri with the army on patrol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15790641", "title": "Stray dogs: Corporation, veterinary office pass the buck", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Even as the corporation and the district veterinary office keep blaming each other for the delay in implementing the animal birth control (ABC) programme to control the canine population in the city, stray dog menace in the city continues unabated.Stray dog attacks on two-wheeler riders at night in areas like Medical College, East Hill, West Hill, Chungam and Kallayi are a commonplace.Mayor A K Premajam said the civic body had been getting large number of complaints on this. She said the corporation was not in a position to control the dog population as the government had not yet granted it permission to appoint dog-catchers. \"Corporation can only try and check stray dogs' access to garbage. Waste getting accumulated in public places is the major reason why dogs proliferate,\" she said.She also blamed the district veterinary office for not implementing the ABC programme.Meanwhile, Kozhikode chief veterinary officer Dr M M Mathayi said the corporation should appoint dog-catchers and only then his department could think of sterilizing dogs.\"The department has already submitted a detailed project report to the corporation on curbing the stray dog menace. However, the corporation is yet to take any action based on it. The district veterinary office is well-equipped to sterilize street dogs, but the corporation should be ready to implement the proposals submitted by the department,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Atholi panchayat has formed local-level youth squads to deal with the issue in the backdrop of rabid dog attacks.More than 40 people in Ottambalam, Velur West and Kuniyilkadavu areas in the panchayat were admitted to the medical college hospital last week after they were bitten by rabid dogs. Rabid dogs also created panic in Kizhur and Thachankunnu regions in Payyoli panchayat last week.\"It is difficult to deal with the situation as killing of street dogs has been banned. However, panchayat authorities cannot stop people who kill dogs that attack them,\" said panchayat president Rama Paloth.She also said the panchayat was planning to appoint dog-catchers and also sterilize street dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15791143", "title": "'Buildings in a bad shape have to be vacated'", "text": "JAIPUR: After a lot of buildings-private and public-collapsed due to heavy rainfall, the district administration has directed the Jaipur Municipal Corporation and the education department to ensure certified dilapidated buildings are vacated.In a bid to avoid casualties in case of another spell of heavy rain, the administration wants old buildings and schools that are in a bad shape to be vacated.District collector Naveen Mahajan said, \"We have asked the JMC to tell residents to vacate houses that are in bad shape. We have directed officials to put up information boards outside such houses stating these are certified unsafe buildings so that people living in nearby areas and passers-by become cautious.\"The administration has also identified some school buildings that are unsafe, and directed education department to not hold classes in these schools.Mahajan said, \"We have directed the education department to not hold classes in unsafe schools. The classes can be held in nearby schools in two shifts so as not to hamper the studies.\"After the heavy rain resulted in massive waterlogging in various areas, the civic authorities claimed to have begun work on repairing the sewer lines.Meanwhile, rain-affected people continued to stay in relief camps. The district administration, on Sunday, distributed around 10,000 food packets to victims.Various departments including PWD, power and civic bodies have been asked to send reports on the estimated loss of public property due to the heavy rain by August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788985", "title": "Hospital canteens flout fire norms", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems hospitals in the city have learnt no lessons from the AMRI fire that killed more than 90 in December 2011.A canteen at the academic building of the state-run R G Kar Medical College and Hospital (RGKMCH) has been operating for few years now without any fire licence. Though the hospital authority conducted fire drills immediately after the AMRI fire, strangely it overlooked this unauthorized canteen.Situated on the ground floor of the building, the canteen is visited mainly by the doctors and staffers of the hospital. Apart from the college of nursing, floors above the canteen house many departments like the biochemistry, forensic science, and pathology.\"Though there is no ward for patients in the building, it has the nursing college and various departments where classes for MBBS students are held everyday. In case a fire breaks out, many lives will be at risk,\" said a doctor in the hospital.The canteen is run by the relative of a former group D employee. Apart from catering to doctors and other hospital staffers, it takes orders in bulk from outside as well. There is no firefighting equipment installed in the unit.\"The canteen sometimes uses open chulhas, which emit smoke polluting the air in and around. There is no doubt that the canteen caters to many doctors, but it should operate with proper fire safety measures in place. How can the hospital authorities allow the canteen to run in an unauthorized way? The canteen was started by a former group D staffer, who used his political connection,\" said a group D employee.The hospital authorities admitted that the canteen was running without clearance either from the fire department or the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). But the officials gave an excuse that they could not serve closure notice, as doing so would leave many in the lurch.\"We have served notices to all stalls and canteens on the hospital premises in this regard. There would also be a meeting with all the concerned on fire licence. We have to give them sometime or else it will create inconvenience to many, who regularly take their meal here,\" said Dr Siddharta Neogi, deputy superintendent of RGKMCH.RGKMCH, however, is not the lone hospital that is running a canteen illegally. One such canteen-cum-restaurant at Calcutta National Medical College and Hospital (CNMCH) is being run by an NGO, Society for Comprehensive Rehabilitation Services (SCRS). Though the hospital authority has written to the state health department on the illegal canteen, no action has been taken yet.\"A blaze in an SCRS canteen at SSKM had killed three persons in 2007. The organization was banned from SSKM after that. Though we have written to all the concerned departments on the illegal canteen at CNMCH, no action has been taken,\" Probably it would take another fire in the hospital till such canteens are banned,\"said a source at CNMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15809944", "title": "Bani becomes showstopper", "text": "Known for her signature bindaas style, Bani likes to keep cool and raw all the time. After winning hearts with her hearty performance on a reality show in 2006 Bani became a youth icon. In her hometown Chandigarh to walk the ramp as the showstopper for the launch of salon on Saturday, Bani looked every inch the confident VJ and anchor she's known as. \"This journey was never planned for me,\" she says, \" Roadies changed the entire course of my life. My plans were that I will simply have fun on the show, travel around and then go back home and continue with my studies. But that couldn't happen as I was more blessed to have been offered to play VJ for the channel.\" Ask her about the speculations that reality shows are scripted, and she comments, \"I can't say about the reality shows telecasted on other channels but the ones relayed on youth channels are certainly not plotted. The participants here are normal people, not celebrities or actors, and are complete strangers to the glam world. They are made to perform under high pressure situations and since they all are young they are not very patient. So, whatever you see on TV is the reality.\" However, Bani does agree that now the youth come to such shows with different plans. \"Initially when such shows started they were meant for pure adventure. But now the youngsters come in just to get fame. Also, they don't even know why they want to be famous!\" As every newcomer who enters this industry aims for Bollywood, about Bani's acting plans she exclaims, \"I don't want to be a Bollywood hero. I get lot of movie offers but all that I am looking for is good work, a good script, a good producer and a good director. It hardly matters to me who my co-star is.\" As for now, she is doing a new show on the youth TV channel besides, \"I will start shooting for an untitled Bollywood project next month,\" she adds.Reported By - Sheeba Bhagat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15793988", "title": "Punjab tops milk production in India", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab, known otherwise as the country's food bowl, has bagged top position in dairy farming with a 95.4 lakh metric tonne production in 2011-12 fiscal year, a release issued by the state's animal husbandary department said on Sunday. It also said that Punjab has the highest milk availability of 944 grams per persons across the country.\"Punjab's livestock has always played an important role in the economy of our country. Now, our contribution to the country has risen to 13% in annual income through the livestock,\" said state's animal husbandry minister Gulzar Singh Ranike.Decreasing population of buffaloes and low yield has been a concern in the state for last five years now, forcing the government to use artificial insemination with milk yielding potential of 4,000 litres per lactation.The state had 6,170,730 buffalos in 1997, which declined to 5,994,540 in 2003. In 2007, count declined further and touched 5,035,630, according to the last data available with the animal husbandry department.However, say officials, buffalos in Punjab, on an average, have been producing 8.585 kg milk, which is the highest in the country In Punjab, average daily milk production by cow stands at 10.947 kg, which is also the highest in the country, followed by Meghalaya at 8.983 kg and Kerala at 8.920 kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15790305", "title": "Residents' body steps in to tackle garbage menace", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the Kudumbasree members engaged in door-to-door waste collection backing out from the activity from some of the wards, the residents' associations in the corporation have pitched in with plans to tackle waste menace in the city. They have decided to set up their own bio-degradable waste disposal units in their household premises.The move has already started in some of the wards in the corporation limit.Around 1,200 households under 12 residents' associations in the surrounding areas of West Hill-Chungam have already taken steps to set up own biodegradable waste disposal units with the help of the district sanitation mission.Experts from the mission have earlier promised that they will provide technical assistance to set up a mechanism for waste segregation and disposal at the source. They had conducted awareness programmes on various methods of waste treatment at source such as vermicomposting, bio-gas plants and pipe composting.The Chakkorathukulam ward has already taken steps to adopt pipe composting in its households.The residents apex council of Kozhikode, which has around 75 residents' associations under its umbrella, has started imparting awareness among associations to set up own waste disposal mechanism.\"We are doing our bit. The authorities concerned should hold awareness campaigns on subsidy available to the residents' associations, non-government organizations and other institutions implementing bio-degradable waste disposal mechanism,\" said P T Valsalan, general secretary of the council.He said more people will come forward if the government gives subsidy for the initiative.\"The apex council has decided to strengthen its campaign to ensure that all residents' associations under its jurisdiction implement their own waste disposal mechanisms. A strict monitoring should be put in place for the success of the scheme,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15783969", "title": "Thundery weather conditions likely in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: After day-long hot and humid conditions, it rained again in the city on Sunday evening. The Met department officials forecast thundershowers in the city on Monday.Thundery conditions are likely in the state, including Bhopal, weather office said on Sunday. A low-pressure area over the Bay of Bengal in Orissa coast is expected to get active in east MP in two days and subsequently would cover the central and west MP.The officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said if the system in question advances as expected, it would give good rains to the state. The clouds over Bhopal are also expected to result into thundershowers, weatherman added.The absence of rains during the past two days has resulted into temperature going up marginally in the city. Bhopal recorded a maximum of 29.3 (00) degrees Celsius on Sunday against a minimum of 22.6 (00) degrees C.The officials have forecast a possibility of thundershowers over the city on Monday adding that by and large overcast conditions would remain dominant during next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782150", "title": "Sonegaon TDR proposal under scanner", "text": "NAGPUR: The controversial proposal to grant transferable development rights (TDR) of over Rs100 crore for Sonegaon lake land is likely to come under scanner. It has caught the attention of municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane who will also vet the lake acquisition proposal.TOI had highlighted that the proposal was illegal on May 7. The issue was again highlighted on August 26. Reliable sources have said Wardhane had taken cognizance of the issue and decided to check the proposal. He has already called for the records and is likely to go through them upon his return from Mumbai on Wednesday.Sources told TOI that Wardhane was shocked to learn about the TDR proposal. According to the bylaws, TDR cannot be granted for water bodies. Besides, the lake could be acquired by NMC without any lengthy process and huge expense. Still, NMC's town planning department had prepared a proposal for granting TDR in lieu of the lake. Fortunately, the proposal was sent to the state government for consent. The government rejected the proposal.Even member of standing committee and senior corporator Praful Gudadhe, who is also a builder, had protested the proposal, citing it as totally illegal. Later, the decision to acquire the lake was taken. The proposal to grant Rs5.13 crore to acquire the lake has been placed before the standing committee with a discrepancy of 3 acres land from the original area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15778831", "title": "Protest by evicted colony residents on Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad corridor", "text": "NOIDA: Around 100 inhabitants of a colony near Sorkha village staged a demonstration on Sunday against the Noida Authority and Gautam Budh Nagar district administration following eviction orders passed on them. The colony which mushroomed in the last few years lies on the route of the proposed Faridabad-Noida-Ghaziabad (FNG) corridor near Sector 115 of Noida.The protestors claimed that they have set up dwelling units spread over approximately 4-5 acres after proper registration of plots and mutation of land titles in their names. They claimed that they had bought the land from Sorkha villagers between 2004 and 2011. \"If the land had been earmarked for the FNG corridor, the district administration should not have allowed mutations to take place. We stand to lose our shelters primarily due to lack of coordination between Noida Authority and district administration,\" said Suryakant Pandey, a resident leading the demonstration.Most residents, Pandey claimed, are outsiders who had invested their money in buying land and setting up dwelling units. Reportedly, villagers had sold plots at the rate of Rs 5-6 lakh for 100 square yards each. The Noida Authority served eviction orders on Friday to make way for construction of the FNG corridor. \"We stand to lose not only our shelters but also all the money invested,\" added Pandey.The administration will begin an investigation into this land dealing in Sorkha. A team led by the Tehsildar of Dadri would conduct the probe. \"The facts related to claims made by residents that mutation of titles of these plots have taken place will be verified,\" said Rajesh Kumar Yadav, SDM (Dadri). \"If it is found that mutations have been done in an unscrupulous manner, they would be nullified. Proper action would be initiated against officials found guilty of having done mutations of these plots,\" added Yadav.Even as colony residents have no clue as to whether they would able to reclaim their investments , Noida Authority has said that the land dealing, prima facie, appears to be a case of cheating. \"If these people were sold land that was notified for acquisition or was already acquired by the Authority, they have been cheated,\" said a senior Authority official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795496", "title": "Healthy learning", "text": "'Support My School' campaign, which is a joint initiative of Coca-Cola and NDTV, kicked off its season 2 at an event in San Francisco recently. The campaign was launched in January, 2011, with the aim of creating healthy learning environments in schools for children across India by providing basic amenities such as clean water and sanitation.In its second season, the initiative aims to target over 250 schools across India with funds that will be generated globally. The Coca-Cola foundation has committed USD 500,000, which will be matched by new campaign partners World Vision India and Plan International taking the total funding for season 2 to USD one million.These funds will help revitalise 100 schools across the country with provisions like access to water, separate toilets for girls and boys, improved playgrounds, sports facilities.Several of these schools have also been equipped with computer centres and internet through campaign partners, Tata Teleservices. This has helped increase attendance and enrolment in the targeted schools.Campaign ambassador Sachin Tendulkar said, \"We started with a vision to create a difference in the education landscape of rural and semiurban India. I am proud to see how far we have reached along this path.\"The campaign has UN Habitat, World Vision India, Plan International, CAF, GWC, Pearson foundation and Tata Teleservices as the strategic partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15820506", "title": "Dheeraj to fall in love with Dr Nidhi", "text": "It was popular actor Karan Wahi who played the young boy in Rajan Shahi's Kuch Toh Log Kahenge , a love story of two people with a substantial 18-year age gap, where the young Dr Nidhi (Kritika Kamra) falling in love with a much older Dr Ashutosh ( Sharad Kelkar). While Karan's character Rohan, who eventually fell in love with Nidhi, has exited the show following the culmination of his track, actor Dheeraj Dhoopar, last seen in Zindagi Kahe Smile Please , has been brought in to add a new twist in the show. We have been informed by our sources that the actor has already started shooting for the show.Informs the source, \"Dheeraj is playing Amar in the show. He's been shot and will be rushed to the hospital. Nidhi meets him accidentally while she is on her way to the hospital. She hears some gun firing and suddenly Amar who has been shot falls in front of her. She takes him to hospital. Later, he falls in love with her having no knowledge of her marriage.But there is a mystery about this guy which no one knows!\" Dheeraj who made his acting debut with Rajan Shahi's Maata Pitah Ke Charnon Mein Swarg , says, \"It's great to work with Rajanji again. I will be seen opposite Dr Nidhi. Amar will bring smile to everyone's face. Slowly and gradually, he will develop a liking Dr Nidhi, which will make Dr Ashutosh uncomfortable.\" Hope, the new entry grabs more eyeballs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15787073", "title": "Congress, BJP announce candidates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Putting an end to all speculation, both Congress and BJP on Sunday announced their candidates for the municipal poll of ward number 7. The election will be held on September 15.While BJP has fielded Bindu Rana, from Congress Poonam Sharma will contest the election for the ward. Bindu Rana is the daughter-in-law of late Laxmi Devi who won the election from this ward and later died in an accident. BSP has already announced Seema Yadav's name for the poll.Reportedly, Sharma is very close to MP Pawan Kumar Bansal and his family, therefore she has been given the ticket after loosing the MC election from ward number 4, while BJP always had plans to give the ticket to a lady member of late Laxmi Devi's family so that the party can benefit from sympathy votes.Sources in Congress revealed that groups within the party have already shown disapproval for Sharma, but being a favourite of senior party leader she managed to get the ticket.The election of this ward is crucial for both Congress and BJP as at present both of the parties have 11 seats each in the 26 member MC house. BSP will also try their level best to clinch the seat to increase their number from two to three in the MC house. Candidates of all the parties will file their nomination in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15790670", "title": "Bollywood rekindles Valley romance: Yash Chopra returns to Kashmir to shoot film after 25 years", "text": "SRINAGAR: Filmmaker Yash Chopra has returned to Kashmir to shoot a film after 25 years. Accompanied by wife Pam and son Aditya, he also has a special gift for Kashmir: Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan on his first professional assignment in Kashmir. Khan plays an Army bomb disposal expert. Accompanied by a 150-strong crew, Chopra will shoot in Srinagar, Pahalgam and Gulmarg.\"We have a three-tier security ring including police commandos for proximate security,\" said a government source. For the government, it's the culmination of years of effort to convince Bollywood to return to Kashmir. In 2004, a delegation of filmmakers like Manmohan Shetty and Ramesh Sippy were hosted to return to Kashmir without any result. But, two years of calm, and the absence of militant violence, seems to have done the trick this time. For the first time in years, there was no strike this August 15.In a land without cinema halls, film buffs are eagerly awaiting the arrival of the crew. Many are keen to take their children to see the shooting. \"I want to take my kids to the sets. They are huge Shah Rukh fans. And this is an experience that I, as a child, was used to in Kashmir,\" said a shopkeeper.'Bollywood is Kashmir's best brand ambassador'The symbolic value of film-maker Yash Chopra's return to Kashmir after 25 years isn't lost on anyone. From the government to tour operators, everyone is keeping their fingers crossed. \"It's a Rs 1,000 crore business. If it takes off, it shall provide jobs and take tourism to the next level. Bollywood was always Kashmir's best brand ambassador,\" said Nazir Bakshi, owner of one of the biggest travel firms in Srinagar.This Eid was the most festive and relaxed Kashmir has seen in two decades. Hour-long traffic jams, crackers, and late night dinners \u2014 it was as if Kashmir was making up for the last 20 years. So, is peace here to stay? Are the new hotels and bookshops, hoardings for wedding planners that dot the city, a sign of peace? Or is this yet another false dawn?These questions are being debated in living rooms here this summer. In many ways, Kashmir is at the crossroads: Peace and material prosperity that goes with it, or tehreek and its attendant isolation? Central to this dilemma is the fear among many that a closer embrace of the Indian economy will drown out azadi. It's the latest formulation of a very old question: What does Kashmir want?Bijli, sadak, pani, factories and jobs, all rest on the continuance of this peace. Kashmir has a lot of catching up to do for the lost years since 1990. The lure of a growing India is also now starkly contrasted against the many plights of a pillar of Kashmir insurgency: Pakistan in the middle of an existential crisis.But as one saw in 2011, normalcy and its signs are also a threat. Sometimes it can be something as trivial as a book festival. For the separatists, this debate is also a battle for relevance. Without the shadow of the militant gun, without the constant tension of hartals and deaths, how many people will listen to them?Although publicly avowed to a \"peaceful struggle\", this creeping peace also holds another fear: embrace of Indianness which doesn't mean the Indian Constitution, but India's culture as the Islamists understand it. Cellphones aren't tools for communication; they encourage illicit meetings between boys and girls. The recent Islamist cautioning of tourists against wearing \"skimpy clothes\" was understood here as a warning to Kashmiri girls to not wear jeans.\"Destination weddings\" now see girls like Pooja Aggarwal, an MBA student, choosing Kashmir over exotic destinations like Mauritius. Getting in Punjabi stars and Lucknow dancers for a five-day gala wedding with a mix of Marwari food \u2014 all the result of that very American concept, the wedding planner. So are Aggarwals cultural invaders? Or are they high spending tourists?After 22 years Kashmir, is at the crossroads. The road less travelled shall decide the next 22 years. And only Kashmiris can decide which way they walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15786027", "title": "India Against Corruption members held near CM house", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) hoodwinked police and managed to reach close to chief minister's residence here on Sunday as part of their protest against Naveen Patnaik's alleged doublespeak on coal block allocation.It was a rare occasion during Naveen's 12 years as chief minister that a group of agitators had managed to reach so close to Naveen Niwas as police generally detain them at Sishu Bhawan chowk or before that.Responding to IAC leader Arvind Kejriwal's call on Friday to stage protest outside Naveen's residence, around 60 people gathered at lower PMG. But instead of taking out a rally towards the CM's residence, they dispersed around 9.30 am. \"It was deliberate. We had discussed among ourselves to regroup right outside the CM's residence after proceeding there in a dispersed manner,\" said IAC member Nishikant Mohapatra. \"Seven of us were detained at Lower PMG itself. But others proceeded to Naveen Niwas,\" he added.A senior police officer said since the activists came in twos and threes, it was difficult to notice anything wrong. \"But they were rounded up as and when they turned up. As many as 60 of them were taken under preventive detention and were later let off,\" the police officer said. The volunteers were kept in the Hanuman temple inside the Police reserve campus near Jaydev Vihar.The state government, in a letter to the Centre in 2005, reportedly opposed competitive bidding. However, Naveen on Thursday said that his government had been pressing the Union government for an auction-based system for allocation of coal and other mineral resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15796715", "title": "Yogeshwar Dutt vows to nurture more Olympians", "text": "SONIPAT: For Yogeshwar Dutt , the London bronze medalist grappler, winning bronze is not enough. Besides hoping for another appearance in the next Olympics, he has also accepted an offer from the state government to set up a wrestling academy in Bahadurgarh town of Jhajjar district.In fact, he wants India to dominate in wrestling in the next Olympics at Rio de Janeiro. \"We must target at least four gold medals, including wrestling, at Rio. And it's quite possible,\" he told TOI at the sidelines of the felicitation function in Gohana on Sunday.He, however, has one massage for the younger lot. Quoting great boxer Mohammad Ali, Dutt said, \"Don't quit when it start paining.\"\"Train yourself really hard until you realize your dream. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. It's not sufficient to infuse steel in body, you must be steely in youth determination,\" he said.The grappler, who had struggled with injuries in his career, but made a comeback every time showing nerves of steel, said he has made up his mind to participate in four consecutive Olympics.Dutt, who was overwhelmed like other players with the bonanza of rewards and appreciation at the felicitation function, said, \"I am glad that the Haryana government has asked me to set up wrestling academy.The state has lot of talent, which needs to be groomed and refined. I will contribute my bit in this cause.\"His friend Sushil Kumar too wants to promote wrestling in this part of the country in a big way. \"This function will also encourage players to bring more medals in the next Olympics,\" he said.Their coach Mahabali Satpal said the state government's support to players had brought awakening in every household and people were now taking interest in sports.As a 14-year-old local boy, Saurabh, stated, \"It's a memorable moment for us as we shake hands with our sporting icons. Their hand instilled a wave of inspiration in us.\" Saurabh, who is an athlete in his school, further added, \"Though all these rewards seem a bit lavish for those having little or no interest in sports, for a boy like me it's more than an honour to see Yogeshwar or Saina.Seeing them accepting an Audi has sent a rush of adrenaline in me. I want this moment in my life and I should know how much hard work it requires,\" Saurabh said accompanied by two of his friends, Rahul and Nishant, who were busy clicking pictures in front of Yogeshwar's Audi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792546", "title": "Budding lawyers write to CM, seek better faculty and facilities", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking a cue from the student unions, which have been revived in almost all the colleges of Lucknow University, students of Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University have requested chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to set up a student body to which the faculty and administration would be accountable. \"The student body will help in creating a more student-friendly environment on the campus,\" said a fourth-year student requesting anonymity.In a letter written to the CM, who is also the university's chancellor, students have complained about poor placements of the debutant graduating batch last year and also that of the 2012 batch, lackadaisical administration, lack of professionalism of the university's assistant registrar, shortage and degradation of faculty quality, and absence of any mechanism to redress the grievances of the student. Apart from the major demand of providing better placement opportunities, students further complained of the unnecessary role and involvement of faculty members in administrative decision making. \"There is no transparency in the decisions directly affecting us like the mess fee and internet access. We request the CM to ensure that student vote is counted in such decisions,\" said another student.Besides, the students have strongly criticised the behaviour of university's assistant registrar including charges of irresponsible attitude towards students. The students have complained that the university has failed to provide uninterrupted internet connectivity, and enforce security measures to check illegal entry and stay of graduated and suspended students in the university campus and hostels.Taking immediate cognizance of students' problem, RMLNLU vice-chancellor, Prof Balraj Chauhan had recently had a three-hour discussion with the students. According to the sources, the V-C had assured the students of retaining trained and qualified faculty and providing facilities to the students.Talking to TOI, Prof Chauhan accepted that the university is facing acute shortage of teachers. He, however, ruled out the poor placement scenario on the campus.\"The placements in the university are good. We are providing all opportunities to our students,\" said Prof Chauhan, adding that the placement depends on many factors and that university, students and the state government, all play a role in it. On the issue of absence of mechanism to address students' grievances, he said there is a three-member committee to look into the students problems. When asked about the assistant registrar, Prof Chauhan said that an inquiry is going on in this matter.Suggested box:Placement scenario in RMLNLU (as given by placement cell)2012: Out of the batch of 160 students, 70 flunked the exams in one or other subjects. The university organised a re-exam for these students and results are gradually being declared. None of the students from the present batch could convert their internship in final offers.Besides, five students were placed in Pangea 3 and four in Quislex, both legal process outsourcing (LPO) firms.Nine students were recruited across eight law firms which include Zeus law Associates, ASJ Law Associates, Desai and Diwanji, K Law, Mindspright legal, PXV Law Partners, Sarthak Law Associates and SN Gupta and Co.Three students were picked up by corporate: HCL technologies , Uniliver, Pricewaterhouse Coopers.Two students joined Supreme Court advocatesOne student bagged the Judicial Clerkship in Supreme Court. Four others received call from Punjab and Haryana High court. None availed the opportunity.2011: Out of the batch of 71, 53 sought placements. Of this 25 students were recruited by LPOs, law firms, in-house (corporate), litigation, and judicial clerkship. As many as 15 students appeared for the competitive exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15791267", "title": "Loan waiver: K S Eshwarappa accuses Centre of discrimination", "text": "DHARWAD: After the Karnataka government announced waiver of crop loans up to Rs 25,000 availed from cooperative banks, the demand for waiver of loan taken from nationalized banks has been loud. Since the decision in this regard has to be taken by the Centre, the state government is mounting pressure on the Centre.Deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa continuing his verbal attack on the Union government on Sunday said the Centre is discriminating against Karnataka as far as financial assistance is concerned. He said the Central teams to study the drought situation in the state has in its report stated that Karnataka is reeling under severe drought and has undergone huge a crop loss. However, the Centre has not bothered to look into the report and release necessary assistance to the state, he charged.After inspecting the facilities at the 'Goshala' at Sadguru Brahmachaitanya Maharaj Gondhavalekar Ashram located at Heballi in Dharwad taluk, Eshwarappa stated that chief minister Jagadish Shettar has urged the Centre to release Rs 11,200 crore to overcome the loss incurred due to drought. However, till now there is no response from the Union government.Eshwarappa urged the Centre to immediately release Rs 5,000 crore to compensate the farmers who have undergone crop loss. \"The state government has already waived farm loans taken from cooperative banks to the tune of Rs 3,500 crore. The Centre should contribute half of the total amount to support the government\" the DCM said.Karnataka has written letters to Union ministers Sharad Pawar and Jairam Ramesh explaining the problems faced by the people due to drought.A delegation led by chief minister and comprising of state ministers will shortly meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and urge them to release funds for drought management.Replying to a question the DCM stated that there have been complaints of farmers not getting adequate fodder. The state has approached Haryana government to get fodder. The Haryana government has responded positively and will supply fodder to the state, he added.He asked NGO's and local organizations to extend their support in setting up of cattle sheds in the villages of north Karnataka and help the farmers.'Be ready for elections'Meanwhile speaking to reporters in Hubli, deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa said since the central government is embroiled in coal and 2G scams, it may be dissolved any time. \"The BJP is ready to face elections any time,\" he said.Replying to a query on former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's statewide tour to study drought, he said it will help the BJP in a big way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15789954", "title": "Learning English to top job interviews", "text": "KOCHI: Amid growing concerns over the lack of English communication skills of engineering students in Kerala, engineering colleges are working on improving their communication skills from the first semester itself.\"We intend to start orientation and soft skills development courses that will include effective communication in English and group discussion from the first semester. Special classes will be conducted on a regular basis till the final semester,\" said Cochin University of science and technology registrar Dr A Ramachandran.At present, engineering colleges conduct orientation and skill development courses for a week during the final semester, just before the campus recruitment. But that is set to change. A recent survey conducted by an employability measurement company, Aspiring Minds, revealed that four out of 10 engineers were lacking in proper English communication skills.\"Improving the communicative skills of a student is not enough, as 90% of the words they will use later are technical in nature. We are now making an effort to familiarize students with the language of the industry, as it is the 'technician's language' that will help them succeed,\" said vice-chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University Rajan Gurukkal.Explaining the problem, Bhuvna Anil Kumar, head of the department of IIT/JEE coaching at T.I.M.E., Kochi said: \"Basic English communication at the school-level is fine. The problem arises when children go to engineering colleges. During the campus recruitment training, we found that the general language of communication in campuses is Malayalam.\"Tandem Network's A U Prasad said: \"More engineering aspirants are taking the language test at our institute. Based on the results, we work on areas that they need to improve.\"In a test conducted at P C Thomas's institute in Thrissur, it was found that while students of the state board could correctly pronounce only 100 English words in a minute, CBSE students managed to pronounce 300 words. \"We have asked students to study five new English words a day. This will improve their vocabulary,\" said Thomas, director of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15788914", "title": "China's rail link to hit Indian exports", "text": "BEIJING: The $707 million Yuxi-Mengzi rail line, linking Kunming in southwest China to Singapore in southeast Asia , will become operational by the end of this year, posing a threat to Indian exporters competing for market space with China. The rail line, originating in China's Yunnan province, will traverse through Vietnam , Laos , Thailand and Singapore, completing a course of over 2,000km.The announcement comes just before Chinese commerce minister Chen Deming meets his Indian counterpart Anand Sharma at the joint economic group on August 27 in New Delhi.China also plans to build rail routes linking Kunming to Myanmar and, eventually, Bangladesh . On completion, it will create a grand alliance of Asian markets supporting each other, while expanding China's markets. The line will provide an impetus to trade which has slumped due to cancellation of purchase contracts by recession hit West.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795100", "title": "AK Hangal dies at 97, bigwigs skip funeral", "text": "Not a single big name from the film industry turned up for the cremation of veteran character actor A K Hangal on Sunday. The 97-year-old, a veteran of over 225 films, passed away early in the morning at Asha Parekh hospital in Vile Parle following a brief illness aggravated by a fracture of his thigh bone.Only character actors like Rakesh Bedi and Raza Murad and friends like Ila Arun were present for the last rites. But that didn't really matter to a man who had dedicated his life to theatre, cinema and social issues.Some theatre enthusiasts posted comments on social networking sites. One of these said that another acting academy had shut down.Hangal was one of the most endearing old men of the film industry with roles in Sholay, Namak Haram and Shaukeen . His one-liner from Sholay, 'Itna sannata kyon hain bhai', achieved cult status.Sholay 's Rahim Chacha had to depend on Bollywood for aid to fight illness. But the actor, who swore by leftist philosophy, believed that the state needs to accept the responsibilities of senior citizens. His son Vijay said, \"My father was highly spirited and fought till the end. He survived even after life support was taken off.\" He added, \"He even shot a small scene for the TV serial Madhubala despite his poor health. The moment the camera was switched on, his energy came back.''Fashion designer Riyaz Gangji , who would visit the actor almost every day, said, \"When I asked him if he wanted life support back, he said no.'' Hangal had walked the ramp for the designer last year.Murad said, \"The actors would've come if a political party summoned them. But they didn't have an hour to spare to pay their last respects to the man who gave 50 years to the industry and worked with all top stars.''Hangal started his film career rather late. The actor, who participated in the freedom movement, started off as a tailor. He got associated with actors like Balraj Sahni , Sardar Jafri and Kaifi Azmi, who persuaded him to act. He entered the film industry at the age of 50 with Basu Bhattacharya's Teesri Kasam.Though new to the industry, he was not afraid to express his anger over Raj Kapoor walking onto the set late. Hangal was very vocal about his political views. He had faced a ban on his film career after the Shiv Sena objected to his attending a function organized by the Pakistan consulate in Mumbai in the 1990s.A Communist Party of India member, Hangal continued to renew his membership every year.Hangal acted in over 225 films in his film career spanning over four decades. He played the roles of a father, uncle or housekeeper to many a big star, including Jaya Bachchan , Sanjeev Kumar , Rajesh Khanna and Amitabh Bachchan . He had cut down on acting for 10 years, but did small roles in Aamir Khan's Lagaan and Shah Rukh Khan's Paheli.The actor's financial condition became an issue with his health falling and his son Vijay having to stop work to look after his father. After reports about Hangal's poor financial condition, the information and broadcasting ministry announced a plan for health insurance of retired actors which has not yet materialized.Vijay said, \"The industry's aid did help us pull through all his medical needs. Though film industry bigwigs were not there, his friends from IPTA and character actors attended the cremation. We are planning a condolence meeting at Prithvi Theatre at 4pm on Monday.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15780108", "title": "Subrata Paul's heroics lifted us, says Wim Koevermans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coach Wim Koevermans' emphasis on attack has often caught India on the wrong foot in the two Nehru Cup games so far. Against Syria and Maldives, there were quite a few occasions when Sunil Chhetri's team could have ended with a bloody nose.The script didn't unfold that way because of Subrata Paul, the pillar of strength and confidence under the bar. Coming back from a long injury layoff, Paul has never shown any rust in his shot-stopping or dilemma in decision-making while leaving his line.Against Maldives, his alacrity in parrying away Ali Ashfaq's close range flick after his defence faltered, can be described as the moment of the game.India were still finding their feet midway in the first session and conceding a goal would have left them a mountain to climb.\"It's great that we didn't concede,\" the Dutch coach had to praise the efforts of his goalkeeper, whose constant egging of the team is an added incentive.Mehtab Hossain, Paul's long-term accomplice in the midfield, observed how difficult it was to make a comeback from injury and get involved in the thick of things right away. \"It is never easy.It took me a few years to find my place back in the national team. Mistu (Paul's pet name) has taken only a year. During the period, it takes a lot of mental strength to keep focus.\"The way he is performing, it shows he never lost it. And his strong presence actually gives us a lot of confidence. \"Paul's roommate Gourmangi Singh also echoed similar sentiments. \"The team depends on him and he never let us down.\"Paul's heroics in the last Nehru Cup final (2009) are still talked about, when he stood tall in the penalty shootout to help India claim the trophy.The East Bengal midfielder also said that the players are enjoying the new style of play. \"It has given us the freedom to express ourselves. The coach has not told us not to restrict ourselves in any way.\"Cameroon thrash Nepal 5-0Cameroon turned on the heat and pumped in five goals past a hapless Nepal in their Nehru Cup encounter at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Sunday. Ebanga Bertin and Kologny Merime scored two goals each while Momaso Joseph completed the rout. With two losses on the trot, Nepal's chance of making the title round is almost over while the Indomitable Lions showed that they are the team to beat.Today's match: Syria vs Maldives (7 pm Live on Neo Prime)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15820551", "title": "2G: SC gives Centre time till Jan 11 next year to complete auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today extended the deadline for completing fresh auctioning of 122 2G spectrum licences till January 11 next year.It will initiate suo motu contempt proceedings against the concerned officials and impose exemplary cost on the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792741", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority addresses only 1/3rd plaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: The skills acquired by the LDA officials and babus to delay work, much to the harassment of people, is an open secret. And if the report of the consumer grievance redressal system that was put in place a month ago, is anything to go by, then barely over one-third of the consumers had their complaints addressed.The report that was submitted to LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey recently showed that out of 350 people who visited LDA with some property related work, only 100 people could get the job finally done, while the rest 250 continue to find themselves 'trapped' in the administrative maze of LDA.Official sources in LDA though said that 250 complaints were taken up by the different officers, essentially of the rank of OSDs, joint secretaries and the chief engineer, only 100 could be disposed of within the stipulated 15 days period.When contacted, Dubey said that the system was put in place to monitor the performance of the officers. \"We have been receiving complaints of official records and documents pertaining to properties getting vanished. The system was put in place to warn the erring babus and set things right,\" he said.The unique system, which was put in place on July 9, envisaged people complaints getting directed to the officers and engineers concerned. Under the system, people are asked to file their complaints and queries at the two designated counters installed for the purpose.Once the complaint/query is lodged, the visitor is being given a unique identity number, which he/she could use to know the status of the complaint uploaded on the main server.The visitor is also given a receipt carrying the phone number of the officer concerned, who, himself is required to update the status of the complaint on the server. Officials associated with the system told TOI that the joint secretaries, OSDs and the chief engineer concerned are being sent SMSes telling them about the status of their pending cases. \"That is an alert that goes to them every morning apprising them of their pending work,\" an official said. Likewise, a comprehensive SMS is also being sent to the secretary and the LDA vice-chairman.Dubey said that the system has given the authority a chance not only to know the average time taken by officials in disposing off the cases, but also ascertain the loopholes in the system. An LDA official claimed that monitoring of cases will help to speed up disposing cases, especially those which are hassle-free and continue to take time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15797955", "title": "Building norms given the boot by granite owners", "text": "MADURAI: The multi-crore granite scam has opened a pandora's box in Madurai. After illegal granite quarrying, encroachment and tax evasion, inquiries have also revealed that building norms were given scant regard by the granite owners. Two buildings, owned by a granite company have been demolished for violations on Sunday.The buildings of Sindhu Granites at Keezhavalavu village, owned by P K Selvaraj, were found to have been constructed violating the norms during an inspection. Soon after the violation came to light, village administrative officers and TAMIN (Tamil Nadu Minerals) officials made a formal complaint. Subsequently, district collector Anshul Mishra inspected the spot and ordered the officials to raze down the two-storey building and two godowns owned by Sindhu Granites.Mishra said that one building and two sheds were constructed in government lands and they were demolished by the officials. Another shed will be razed down on Monday. \"These buildings were constructed in government grazing lands violating the norms, so they were demolished,\" he said.The officials cracking down on the illegal granite quarrying companies have already sealed a huge godown owned by PRP Exports in Melur. The godown was constructed on land encroached on a water body and was being used as a shed to store quarried granite and as a workshop to repair quarrying equipment.Inspecting officials said that the quarrying companies were running the area like their own fiefdom and were involved in all sorts of irregularities. Outsiders were not permitted into the quarries and even officials seldom visited the quarries to find the irregularities, while those who found the violations were silenced, alleged the officials.Meanwhile, teams formed by the district collector are inspecting the granite quarries and assessing the volume of granite quarried illegally. Officials also said that they have seized two vehicles from granite quarries without any registration. They are also continuing their inspection in all the granite quarries to find if similar violations were committed in construction of buildings, an officer said.Police interrogation of P Palanisamy, owner of PRP Exports also continued for the third day. He would be produced in Melur judicial magistrate court on Monday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15791916", "title": "'Spicy' weapon proves mettle before top cops", "text": "LUCKNOW: An exhibition of arms and ammunition held in Lucknow turned spicy when the demonstration of non-lethal weapons sent senior home and police department officials scurrying for cover. The incident took place on the grounds of Provincial Armed Constabulary's 35th Battalion headquarters in the city on Saturday.It all began with a display of arms and ammunitions under different categories held by licensed manufacturers in Lucknow. The event was held in order to provide details of such weapons in order to help the state home department to purchase such weapons as a part of exercise underway to upgrade the police armoury in the state. More than dozen such establishments participated in the event displaying more than 50 different weapons and gadgets made out of state of the art technology being used by the different police, security and investigating agencies in India and abroad.The spicy incident took place when unsuspecting senior officials including principal secretary home RK Srivastava, director general of police (DGP) AC Sharma, additional DG (ADG) security Rajnikant Misra and ADG Surya Kumar Shukla along with a host of their subordinates reached a stall that has generated maximum curiosity at the exhibition - chilly bullets. Under the non-lethal weapon category - the chilly bullets are the latest in the market to help police effectively tame an unruly mob without jeopardising the life of the protestors or the police officers.Fired from a specially designed trigger mechanism in the shape of a hand-gun, the weapon is equipped to fire bullets containing heavily concentrated and almost colourless mixture of chilly powder and chemicals which would spread in the air leaving a strong burning sensation all over. The officials were being briefed by the experts about the various elements of the weapon, when one of them fired a shot only to feel the impact of the chilly bullet. When the shot failed to leave any impact on the officials whatsoever, they questioned the very reliability of the weapon. This left the enthusiastic experts at the counter, virtually provoked. Determined to prove that the weapon is not only reliable but also effective, he requested the officials to allow him to demonstrate.The moment the officers shook their heads in affirmation, the expert fired three consecutive shots from the weapon and a few seconds later, the officials virtually darted to safety covering their faces with handkerchiefs, pamphlets or even bare hands. By the time they could reach a safe distance, most of them had tears rolling down their eyes following a growing burning sensation. This was not all, and some could even feel the burning sensation on the parts of the body that were uncovered. It took the officials a while to come to terms that the weapon is much more effective than they had imagined.Another similar demonstration almost went wild when a police constable was knocked off unconscious after he volunteered to play the target for a demo of another non-lethal weapon. Though the individual was back to his feet a few minutes later, the sequence of events initially left everyone around, a little worried. Later the DGP gave away a cash reward of Rs 1,000 to the constable for his valour. The weapon this time was a teaser gun - one of the most popular tools used by the police and security agencies across the globe to take down aggressive individual targets.The weapon comprises a handgun equipped with two pins attached to the main weapon by a very thin role of wire. Once fired, both the pins prick the target and the wire leads attach to them complete an electricity circuit powered by a battery concealed in the weapon. The current that flows through the circuit connected to a battery in the handgun is strong enough to send the target numb and almost unconscious.Apart from weapons, the exhibition had stalls exhibiting latest technology including surveillance mobiles and headgears for security men on high risk operations - the two machines that generated the maximum interest among the visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15781954", "title": "Four impersonators held at ordnance factory exam", "text": "NAGPUR: MIDC police have arrested four impersonators for appearing instead of the candidates at an examination for the post of security men at ordnance factories, on Sunday afternoon. Four others are also suspected to have impersonated candidates, but they are yet to be nabbed.The impersonators identified as Amit Kumar Khushwah, Ajay Kumar Yadav, Santosh Kumar Prasad and Varun Kumar Prasad, are all natives of Bihar. They had come along with others to appear for the examinations held at different centres.The arrests took place at YCCE campus near Hingna T-point. The invigilators approached the police after they realized the youths were appearing at the examination in place of others. The invigilators and college management initially approached the Wadi police station. The matter was later referred to MIDC police station as YCCE campus is in their jurisdiction. Police have charged the candidates with cheating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "15779376", "title": "Police to procure photocopy of Kanchan's suicide note", "text": "SITAMARHI: Muzaffarpur Zonal IG Gupteshwar Pandey on Sunday said the other two accused in Kanchan Bala suicide case -- college student Akhilesh Sah and criminal Bhairbu Rai __ will be arrested soon. Of the five persons named in the FIR, three persons including two girls have already been arrested.Pandey, while addressing mediapersons in Sitamarhi on Sunday, said the xerox copy of the suicide note will be procured from the CJM court on Monday. \"We will hopefully divulge the details on Tuesday. No one will be spared,\" the IG said. A delegation of JD(U) leaders met the IG under the leadership of former mukhiya Umesh Chandra Jha.Pandey assured Kanchan's family, a BA English (Hons) Part II student of SRK Goenka College, Sitamarhi, of speedy justice. She committed suicide on August 23 because of pressure and blackmail by the accused. The police are also scanning the role of a reader in the case, the IG told the delegation.Meanwhile, another SI of Dumra PS Shambhunath Gupta was transferred to Mehsaul outpost, Sitamarhi, on Sunday and Runnisaidpur PS officer in-charge Harishchandra Thakur was tipped off as the investigating officer in Kanchan Bala suicide case by the Sitamarhi SP Vivek Kumar on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15788795", "title": "'Plumper' Gu in Chinese court: Real or body double?", "text": "BEIJING: The trial of Gu Kailai, wife of disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai , for killing a British businessman ended with suspended death sentence, but pictures from court showing her plumper than she ever was in the past sparked off speculation in microblogs whether the woman in the dock was a body double.Several posts and re-posts surfaced on Chinese social media sites about the screen grab of the courtroom scene, suggesting that the woman who appeared plumper than Gu was a body double, a report by the BBC's Chinese service said.Gu, a high profile and fashionable personality in Chinese politics until she was arrested for the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood early this year was handed down a suspended death sentence on August 20.Photos and video footage of her standing in the dock of the courtroom, circulated officially to the media and published widely in China and abroad were questioned by skeptical Chinese bloggers, who believe that she could be Gu's double.One internet user posted some 'before and after' photos and asked, \"Are we looking at the same woman? There are rumours that the woman who appeared in court is a body double, because whether you are thin or fat, your bone structure shouldn't change.\"Another user said, \"Please note the corner of the mouth, the bags under the eyes and the ears, especially the ears. You might flatten the bags, but you can't change the shape of your ears,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "15789727", "title": "Coast to get drenched", "text": "HYDERABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: Heavy rains are expected to lash north-coastal Andhra and a few places in the southern coast in the next 24 hours with a low pressure system forming in the north-west bay even as four persons were killed in rain-related incidents in the last 24 hours.Met officials said the associated upper air circulation on Sunday could turn into a trough extending up to south Tamil Nadu across coastal AP. The low pressure system is yet to gain strength because of which the winds are blowing at a moderate speed of less than 40 km per hour. The Met authorities, however, did not issue any warning to the fishermen from venturing into the sea.Two people were killed and six injured due to a lightening strike in Gudur division of Nellore district on Saturday. The injured were admitted to the government hospital. In Vizianagaram, one died of thunderbolt in the late hours of Saturday and 10 others suffered serious injuries. Heavy rains lashed Adoni in Kurnool in the last 24 hours. An auto driver Sivasankar slipped and fell in Mandigiri Vanka near Sivasankar Nagar. His body was retrieved on Sunday.The Met authorities in Visakhapatnam said the south-west monsoon is active over coastal AP and can get stronger in Rayalaseema. Chodavaram in Vizag district recorded 13 cm rain in the last 24 hours and tops the rainfall chart in coastal AP and Rayalaseema. However, Vizag city received only 1 cm rainfall in the last 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796750", "title": "Man arrested for duping 15 people of Rs 1.5 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Saturday arrested a 28-year-old man for allegedly duping around 15 people to the tune of Rs 1.5 lakh by preparing fake insurance policies with forged letterhead and logo of a private insurance company.The suspect, Rahul Rajendra Dusane, hails from Nana Peth. Investigations have revealed that Dusane had also used the insurance mediation directive (IMD) number of an official agent to dupe the people. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by one Sachin Malasane, manager of the Pune office of the insurance company.Police sub-inspector B D Hoval of the Khadak police station said that Dusane used to approach people as the official agent of the company with plans of insuring vehicles. \"He used the IMD number and took money from these people and issued them policies,\" Hoval said.The fraud came to light when one of the customers came to the company office for renewal of his policy. The company administration suspected foul play after seeing the policy. The manager and the official agent, whose IMD number was used on these policies, conducted a search and found that several people had been duped by the suspect. \"We arrested Dusane on Saturday,\" Hoval said.Hoval said that the Dusane has been charged under sections 420 (cheating) and 467, 468 and 471 (forgery) of the Indian Penal Code. \"Till date we have found that he had duped around 15 people. We have managed to contact eight of them,\" Hoval said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/berhampur", "code": "15785203", "title": "\u2018Singhdeo resigns from BJP post\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BERHAMPUR: Reports of K V Singhdeo resigning as BJP legislative party leader was doing the rounds on Sunday, though the saffron leader chose neither to confirm nor to deny his resignation.\"I will reveal (this) at a press conference in Bhubaneswar tomorrow (Monday). I can't comment anything more than this,\" Singhdeo told reporters at his native place of Balangir. When TOI tried to reach him, his cell phone was switched off.BJP state president Jual Oram said he too had heard such a thing from section of people. \"But I have not received any such communication from Singhdeo or any other party leader,\" Oram said. Oram declined to comment on the reason behind the reported quitting of Singhdeo, stating that \"I would not like to comment on a speculation.\"Sources in BJP said Singhdeo apparently offered to resign because of his growing differences with section of party leaders.In another development, the BJP youth wing on Sunday said it would continue the fight against the alleged corruption of the UPA dispensation at the Centre and the Naveen Patnaik-led state government.\"While UPA ministers were involved in several big swindles such as the Commonwealth Games , telecom and coal, scams such as dal, mining, coal and implementation of the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme area have rocked Odisha,\" said Bharatiya Janata Yuba Morcha (BJYM) president and Lok Sabha member Anurag Singh Thakur here.Thakur was addressing a three-day training camp for BJYM that concluded at Gopalpur-on-Sea on Sunday. Senior BJP leader and former minister Biswabhusan Harichandan and BJYM state president Bibhuti Jena also addressed the camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796159", "title": "State to revive organ transplant centre in Pune, set up new ones", "text": "PUNE: The state government has decided to revive the zonal transplant coordination centre (ZTCC) in the city and set up new ones in Amravati and Nashik.The move is expected to provide impetus to human organ transplantation, particularly cadaver donations, and improve the city's dismal cadaver donation count - which stands at less than 50 kidneys and three livers in the last eight years.Confirming this in a telephonic interview to TOI on Friday, state's additional chief secretary (public health) T C Benjamin said a meeting of all the representative hospitals registered with the Pune centre would be held in the city soon to take stock and initiate measures to revive and streamline the work.\"We want to make the Pune centre fully functional. The aim is to encourage post-death organ donationsand offer a new lease of life to those who desperately need organ transplant in Pune and the surrounding regions,\" Benjamin said.Among the eight hospitals registered with the Pune centre as designated organ transplant units are KEM hospital, Ruby Hall clinic, Jehangir hospital, Aditya Birla memorial hospital, Sahyadri hospital, Poona hospital and research centre and Patankar urology unit.Ever since its inception in 2004, the Pune centre has been operational from the KEM hospital, Rasta Peth, which has been acting as a host to coordinate the work at its own hospital space. The centre has been plagued with issues like lack of dedicated staff, independent office-space and fund crunch for awareness activities.\"The centre in Pune needs independent office space and dedicated staffto oversee the daily work, keep the registered hospitals in loop and convene periodic meetings,\" said senior nephrologist F F Wadia, secretary of the Pune centre.Wadia rues the fact that cadaveric transplants have not taken off in the city. \"Medical professionals need to be more proactive about cadaveric transplants, particularly doctors in intensive care units. We have a number of brain dead cases, which are potential transplant cases. Sadly, due to lack of awareness, the relatives of brain dead patients are often unwilling to give consent for a transplant,\" he said.Nephrologist Shriniwas Ambike of Jehangir hospital said, \"There is no denying the fact that the Pune centre needs dedicated staffto look after the daily work, record keeping, etc. Since its inception, the nephrology department of the KEM hospital has been looking after its work. The state government needs to provide basic infrastructure and staff to make it functional in full capacity.\" Sharing the view , nephrologist Abhay Huparikar of Ruby hall clinic said, \"The state government needs to grants funds to the centre so that awareness activities and campaigns to promote post-death organ donation can be initiated.\"Convening meetings of registered hospitals once in three or six months is one of the important functions of the centre. \"Pune centre has not convened any meeting of representatives of registered hospitals in a long time. I don't know when the last meeting was held,\" said a doctor.Every registered hospital needs to submit its data of brain-dead patients to regional authorisation committee at Sassoon hospital every month.\"But doctors, especially intensivists, neurologists and neurosurgeons, who are empowered to declare a person as brain dead, do not initiate the work. Unless they declare a person as brain dead, organs cannot be retrieved.Every registered hospital needs to send their team of intensivist, neurosurgeon and neurologist for the centre's periodic meetings, but most of these doctors do not attend the meetings and the work gets stalled,\" said another doctor. \"Since 2004, we have received 42 cadaver kidney donations and three cadaver liver donations in Pune. Since there is no facility for liver transplant here, Pune centre gave the donated livers to other centres,\" Wadia said.Driving licence as donor's card?The state government is exploring the possibility of making it mandatory for a driving licence-holder to mention his or her consent (if applicable) to organ donation in the licence itself, said state's additional chief secretary (public health) T C Benjamin. This is to ensure that in the event of a person's death in an accident, there is no delay in retrieving organs for transplant as well as to forestall opposition from relatives, if any. This was one among several major decisions taken at an advisory committee meeting recently on the Transplantation of Human Organs Act. Officials said the decisions are in consonance with the Union government act.What is ZTCC?The zonal transplant coordination centre (ZTCC) is a registered body with the charity commissioner and formed by the appropriate authority by a government resolution. The centre is a not-for-profit, non-governmental organisation started to promote organ donation in 2004 in Pune. This is an organisation with international standards with the following main aims and functions -* To promote cadaver transplant* Optimal use of all cadaveric available organs* To reach out to every needy waiting recipient with fair distribution of organs as per government guidelines* To implement deceased donor programme in accordance with the Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994* To promote and increase awareness for deceased donor programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15811816", "title": "Coalgate: PM makes statement in Lok Sabha amid BJP uproar, questions CAG observations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh made a statement on coal block allocation in Parliament on Monday in the wake of the CAG report, which has been used by opposition to attack him.The PM read out his statement amid slogan shouting by the BJP members.Manmohan Singh defended the government and said the allegations levelled by CAG are baseless.\"I wish to say that any allegations of impropriety are without basis and unsupported by facts,\" said the PM.The observations of the CAG are clearly disputable, he said.The PM's statement, which was also released on the twitter account of PMO, said, \"I once again appeal to the opposition to let the House function. Let the country judge where the truth lies.\"The PM said he takes full responsibility for decisions of coal ministry whose charge was with him during the period assessed by CAG.Later, addressing mediamen outside Parliament, the PM said that the govt will challenge the CAG observations when it comes up in the Public Accounts Committee.The Prime Minister, who is under attack over the allocation during 2005-2009 when he held the coal portfolio, has been waiting to make a statement since last week but could not do so because of disruption caused by opposition, mainly BJP.The BJP has been demanding that the Prime Minister first tender his resignation over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15784358", "title": "\u2018Pakistani handlers gave Abu Jundal 8 aliases to dodge cops\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has reportedly told the investigators that his Pakistani handlers had given him eight aliases to dodge security agencies. Jundal was deported to India from Saudi Arabia early this year for his involvement in the 26/11 terror attacks. He is currently in the custody of the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS).Jundal, who fled India in 2006 following the Aurangabad arms bust by the ATS in May, used an alias for the first time in Kolkata where one Shaukat arranged for his stay in a hotel in the Rabindra Sarani area under the assumed name of Dawood.\"Within a few days, we crossed the border and reached Bangladesh airport. Shaukat gave me a passport which listed my name as Saeed. We boarded a Pakistan International Airlines flight from Dhaka for Pakistan where we met one Shahbaz,\" Jundal has reportedly told the ATS. Jundal claims both Shaukat and Shahbaz were from Hyderabad.Jundal reportedly met LeT operative Mujjammil in August 2006. It was Mujjamil who came up with the alias of Abu Jundal and told him to undergo training at Mansehra in Pakistan under one Dr Wakkas.In January 2009, Jundal was given another alias, Riyasat Ali Khusi Mohammed, and was shown to be a resident of Muridke in Pakistan. Over a period of time, the LeT reportedly gave Jundal a few more fake Pakistani IDs: Asif Ashraf in 2007 and later Abu Ikrama. Mujjammil also gave him the nickname of Bhatti. In August 2010, Jundal was told to go for Haj. In Saudi Arabia, he created nine email IDs under different names to communicate with his mentors, said an officer.\"Jundal gave his name as Azam Khan and Rashid Shaikh to create some of the fake email IDS. We have accessed all the nine email accounts and retrieved a lot of information, most of which is in some sort of code. We are trying to break the code to understand the content of the email,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15785338", "title": "Will Sanjay Dutt go back to prison?", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) argued that Sanjay Dutt's six years sentence and conviction for illegal possession of arms in the 1993 bomb blasts case was justified, the actor's counsel, Harish Salve, will be back in court to rejoin on law points why the conviction ought not to even be upheld.Dutt's advocate in the apex court, Hari Shankar, had taken permission from the Supreme Court to allow senior counsel Salve to argue next Tuesday briefly in response to CBI submissions. Salve, who was abroad on the last date of hearing, is expected to point out why a confession made under the anti-terror law cannot be used to hold the actor guilty of \"unrelated\" offences.The SC is hearing all appeals filed by those convicted in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts case. Dutt had appealed against his conviction under the Arms Act. On November 28, 2006, he was acquitted of charges under the stringent Terrorist and Disruptive Activities Act (TADA) and termed \"not a terrorist\" by special trial judge P D Kode. But he was held guilty under the Arms Act for possessing an assault weapon, AK-56, and a pistol in a notified area. The charge against him was of possessing and destroying the sophisticated weapon. The punishment prescribed for the offence is imprisonment for a minimum of 5 years to 10 years. The CBI had demanded the maximum. The judge gave him six years' jail, an additional year than the minimum sentence.Judge Kode had accepted and relied on Dutt's own confession to hold him guilty under the Arms Act and to acquit him under TADA. It was for \"self-defense\", the judge had held while accepting there was evidence of recovery. Dutt's appeal, however, said there was absolutely no evidence to pin him down since his confession was forced, not voluntary. He said it was, thus, not admissible and no other evidence remained against him. Besides, Salve said that a confession under one serious Act cannot be used as evidence to penalize him for a lesser offence under another statute. \"Once acquitted under TADA, the same confession can't be used to convict him under the Arms Act.\"The CBI, which opposed Dutt's appeal but filed none of its own against the acquittal, said the evidence need not be relatable. It said once a confession is made, it could be used to prove guilt for other charges even if it did not yield a conviction under TADA.It is likely that the judgment would be reserved once the hearing is complete on Tuesday. If the SC rejects Dutt's appeal and upholds the six-year jail term, he would have to go back to jail and serve his term. In 2007, the SC had suspended Dutt's sentence and released him on bail, allowing him to shoot for his films and even travel abroad with permission as and when needed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15784745", "title": "Onus to pay VAT is on builder, not buyer: Govt", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to quell doubts about payment of value added tax (VAT) on properties bought between June 20, 2006 and March 31, 2010, the sales tax department has put up a list of frequently asked questions with answers on its website (http://mahavat.gov.in/Mahavat/index.jsp).The department has clearly stated that the onus to pay the tax liability is on the developer and not the property buyer. It further said that builders' tax liability will be adjusted against the installments paid by them so far. Although builders claim the VAT is 5% of the value of a flat, the sales tax department said it will work out to less than 3%.While the FAQs may slightly quell the disquiet among property buyers, the state government is yet to spell out how it intends to protect buyers, especially those who were not informed of the likely VAT charge, those who had given bank guarantees and deposits to developers while booking flats.\"I learnt I have to pay Rs 3 lakh as VAT only when I went to meet the developer for some paper work. He never told me about VAT when I took possession of the flat in 2009. Why should I pay when I was not told about it,\" said a Pune-based senior army officer.Fifteen residents of a posh Navi Mumbai housing society are wondering what legal recourse to take after their developer recently sent them a notice demanding Rs 3.57 lakh as VAT. \"The developer has threatened to forfeit our bank guarantee if we don't pay,\" said a resident.\"On what grounds is the builder asking me to give a cheque when the bank guarantee is in his possession? It is equivalent to paying the VAT. Who will reimburse me for the interest I lost for five years when my guarantee was lying with the developer,\" asked a flat owner from Vashi.\"Though we paid VAT at 5%, we learnt the amount works out to less. Who will refund the excess VAT I paid to the developer,\" asked another buyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15813578", "title": "Health ministry donates hi-tech ambulance to PGI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana health ministry has recently donated a hi-tech ambulance to the PGI. The ambulance van which costs about Rs. 25 lakh is equipped with life saving equipments like Syringe Infusion Pump, Defibrillator, Transport Ventilator, Incubator, Emergency Aspirator and Emergency Kit.The ambulance service could be availed within 15 minutes by dialing toll free number 102. This service was made available free of cost to pregnant women, victims of road accidents, patients belonging to BPL families, freedom fighters and sick neonates. The health minister, Haryana, Rao Narinder Singh while donating the ambulance said, \"Free medicines were being provided to the patients in all government hospitals of the State. Haryana is a first State to start surgery package programme in the government hospitals.Haryana health Minister, said that under the Referral Transport Scheme of the state government, 335 ambulances were functional and Advance Life Support System Ambulance Service had also been introduced in the state.Director, PGI, Prof Yogesh Chawla said that this vehicle would prove quite useful for patients particularly for those suffering from cardiac problems and trauma.The minister claimed that Haryana is the first state in the country to have set up a medical college for women in government sector at Khanpur Kalan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788496", "title": "Trolley buses to ply on Kolkata roads by December", "text": "KOLKATA: If you are a resident of south Kolkata, chances are high you will have the privilege of travelling on comfortable, pollution-free trolley buses by the end of this year. And if you stay elsewhere, don't lose heart. The transport department has plans to expand the network of trolley buses to other parts of the city soon.If everything goes according to plans, these electricity-run trolley buses will start plying between Ballygunge and Tollygunge, where tram services had been suspended around a year back. The Ballygunge-Khidderpore route is the second in line to get these buses.The transport department has decided to opt for trolley buses to make use of overhead wires of the tramways. After tram services were suspended in some parts of the city, the overhead wires were left unused for years. At many places, tracks have also been removed or have been covered with a coat of bitumen. But that won't deter the introduction of trolley buses as these would ply on pneumatic tyres and no tracks will be required.Top brass of the transport department feels these fuel-efficient buses will boost up the public transport system in a major way. \"These electric buses will be of great help in routes where tram services have been suspended. Also, we don't have to spend money for the tracks. We have made a proposal to the government for utilizing the overhead wires by running trolley buses. Now the state government is going to buy these trolley buses,\" said CTC chairman Shantilal Jain. Tenders have already been floated for private players to bid for the supply of these buses.\"In some routes, poles with electric wires can be laid very quickly to introduce the trolley buses. It will be cheaper to run these vehicles. Maintenance cost will also be low,\" said Jain. However, there will be an initial cost for setting up the power back-up system and the pantographs, a metal framework that ensure a smooth running of trolley buses. The department is in touch with German experts to bring in the technology for running trolley buses successfully.Officials have pegged the cost of introducing the trolley buses at Rs 100 crore, with the cost of each bus ranging between Rs 30-40 lakh. Jain said the department was scouting for funds with the urban development ministry. JNNURM funds can also be used for buying these buses. \"We are even looking for funds from the Asian Development Bank . We are preparing a project report for that,\" Jain said. Around 10 buses will be introduced in the first place.The erstwhile Left government had also planned to introduce trolley buses in the city. \"But things did not materialize as there was lack of response as only three companies had expressed their interest to set up the trolley-bus system in Kolkata,\" a transport official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15791148", "title": "BSF denies charges of having links with smugglers", "text": "JAISALMER: Contradicting reports have emerged on the recent 8kg heroin haul with both BSF and the state ATS unable to make any headway in connection with case.While BSF denied charges that it has tipped off one of the smuggler prior to police action, there were allegations against the paramilitary force that it had involvement with the smugglers. The 8kg heroin had a Pakistani mark and the BSF said it was smuggled into India from Pakistan. Four smugglers - Pyara Khan, Mohmadia, Makhani Khan and Jaam Khan - were caught in connection with the case.The state ATS had already sent teams to Delhi, Haryana and Punjab in search of the main accused of the case; however the efforts have not borne any fruit.Sources said the BSF (Rajasthan frontier) has initiated a high-level investigation into the case and instituted a court of inquiry. According to the sources, the inquiry found that no proof could be found to show that the heroin was smuggled at the place identified by the smugglers as the area showed no signs, including, footprints of the accused. During interrogation, Pyara Khan and Makhani had said they crossed the border and went to Pakistan , but no signs were found at the border about their movement.BSF clarified that the smugglers caught in the case never had links with the smugglers. A senior officer said for over a decade, BSF has not work with any source operation and local contacts to collect information. Therefore, these allegations that BSF source had gone across the border are wrong, the officer added.Sources said the BSF in many meetings of Lead Intelligence Agency (LIA) had warned about notorious smuggler Jaam Khan, who was caught in this case, and his anti-national activities to all security and intelligence agencies. Jaam Khan was to get 10kg heroin and a consignment of fake notes was tabled in the LIA meeting and similarly information about Mohamadia was also shared, the sources said.Three local smugglers - Hasan Khan, Makhani and Mohamadia - are still absconding in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15810182", "title": "United Sikhs initiate movement to include Sikhism in school curriculum", "text": "AMRITSAR: Taking another step forward to make the world acquaint with the distinct identity of Sikhs who were being subjected to hate crime post 9/11 ,Sikh NGO United Sikhs has begun a drive to press upon California government to add Sikhism in school curriculum.Director, Community Education and Empowerment Division ,United Sikhs, Kashmir Singh informed TOI on Monday that the organization has urged all California community members to sign the petition and send letters of support to Governor Jerry Brown to sign the bill SB1540 which required the California State Board of Education to consider the adoption of a revised history-social science framework.The draft framework includes information about Sikhs in seven distinct areas said he. Kashmir said \"When completed, this will become an important tool which will be used in all California schools to increase awareness and knowledge about Sikhism and its followers\".The bill has so far been unopposed and passed in the legislature. The only remaining action was for Governor Brown to sign the bill added he. He said the move was initiated in light of the recent Wisconsin tragedy and the concerns that the Sikh community had been facing since 9/11.He said it had become imperative to bring awareness. \"What better way to start with the very grass root level so that the future generations can embrace the beauty of diversification and co-existence in our country\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15797406", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leaders sore about govt's poor performance", "text": "BOKARO: Most of the MLAs of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , an important ally of the ruling Arjun Munda regime, have expressed dissatisfaction over the functioning of the government during the party's central committee meeting here.\"The government is a circus and the cabinet is a scrap house. Does it look there is government in the state? We are unhappy with the working of the government,\" said Simon Marandi, the MLA from Litipada, expressing his resentment.Many leaders, including Marandi, are of the opinion that the party members have expressed their dissatisfaction against the government. \"Now if our JMM leaders want to remain in the government for lust of chair, we are helpless\".The party has 18 MLAs and almost all of them have participated in the meeting headed by JMMThe resentment against the government was visible inside the Soren family with her daugther-in-law Sita, the MLA from Jama, saying, \"Though the JMM is a major alliance partner, it is getting no importance in the government. The party leaders should think about it\" chief Shibu Soren .Newly elected Rajya Sabha member P Sanjeev Sinha was also seen sharing dais with deputy chief minister Hemant Soren and four ministers Hemlal Murmu , Haji Hussein Ansari, Jagarnath Mahto, Mathura Mahto and Champai Soren. Majority of the MLAs, district unit heads and other party leaders have highlighted the poor functioning of the government.The resentment against the government was visible within the Soren family with her daugther-in-law Sita, the MLA from Jama, saying, \"Though the JMM is a major alliance partner, it is getting no importance in the government. The party leaders should think about it\".Vishnu Bhaiya, MLA, Jamtara expressed his discontentment against the government more strongly than others.He said the leaders would be ready to face the people's ire if their work would not be done. \"Agar kam nahi hua, aur janta ke beech gaye to pitane ke liye tyaar rahiye. Janta sab dekh rahi hai (Be prepared of being slapped by public if we go to them without getting their work done. People are watching everything)\".Sudhir Mahto, another senior leader, said the government had failed in proving its potential.Lobin Hembaram, the legislator from Borio constituency, said he was unhappy with the government. \"We have to show them our face in the next election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796171", "title": "30 willow tree saplings to be planted along the banks of Mutha river", "text": "PUNE: Almost five decades after the flora and fauna of Mutha river were washed away by the 1961 Panshet flood, 30 saplings of the Indian willow trees produced from the stumps of willow trees by amateur botanist Shrikant Ingalhalikar and nature lover Abhijit Gandhi will be planted along the banks on September 2.The event has been organized by the Pune Municipal Corporation's garden department near the Sambhaji Park at 8.30am.\"The stumps were brought from willow trees growing along the Krishna river near Bhuinj in Satara district. Gandhi then produced saplings from these stumps or cuttings. I grew about a 100 willow trees from these saplings on my factory premises. We are now assisting the civic body by providing them with more such saplings,\" said Ingalhalikar.\"Walunj or Indian Willow trees once lined the Mutha river banks with their shining foliage and abundant flowering. A lone Walunj survived the Panshet floods, and still stands, albeit in a poor condition, on the Mutha bank near Baba Bhide bridge. This event can encourage citizens to participate in the process of restoring rare plants in the city,\" Ingalhalikar said.Ingalhalikar and Gandhi will produce more saplings in their nurseries for further plantation along the Mutha.The Indian willow tree (Salix tetrasperma) is native to peninsular India. It is the kin of the 'Weeping Willow' of England. It grows naturally on the banks of rivers where the flow is turbulent. It is a large, erect, deciduous tree, 10-20 meters tall. The roots spread horizontally towards the river bottom. The bark is dark in colour, rough and with deep vertical fissures. The leaves are long, pointed and silky when young. Yellow flowers appear in long slender spikes known as 'catkins'.\"The roots of this tree hold the soil together and help the tree to withstand seasonal floods. It thus prevents the erosion of the river bank, particularly where the river flows through the cultivated areas of a good soil depth,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779970", "title": "Forged land documents recovered from accused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad rural local crime branch (LCB) officials probing the case of suspected land scam found more forged documents used in procuring and selling land from residences and offices of the four accused. Cops have also started contacting potential victims to know the modus operandi of the accused.On August 18, an LCB team arrested Hasubhai Koli, 36, Navghan Koli, 35, both residents of Devthadal village, Chehar Chauhan, 37, a resident of Lagdana village and Kiransinh Chauhan, 20, a resident of Chiyada village. All the villages are located near Bavla.The arrests were made on the basis of a tip-off that the group was systematically procuring land of the farmers and land owners around the auto zone fraudulently to sell them off and make money. The teams raided two shops of land brokers at Dev Arcade in Bavla market area and Madhav Complex near Bavla government hospital and arrested the suspects.\"At the time of the raid, we recovered 31 documents related to land deeds in Sanand and Bavla including identity cards, election cards, forged power of attorney, death certificates and specimen of 7/12 property document. When we probed deeper, we found more such documents during the remand period when the residences and offices were searched,\" said LCB inspector D J Chavda.Chavda said that some of the documents are related to beneficiaries of the government schemes for the landless and homeless. \"These beneficiaries can't transfer the land on others' name nor sell it off. However, the group manipulated their documents and even agreed to share the profit. As they had notary stamp and register with them, they almost ran parallel mamlatdar office,\" said Chavda.Interestingly, LCB had to file a complaint as none of the potential victims agreed to register it. Officials are yet to find out whether the group consisting of a local influential man and three land brokers managed to sell any land or made a deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "avuku (kurnool)", "code": "15789705", "title": "Man kills daughter, her lover in Kurnool", "text": "AVUKU (KURNOOL): In a case of honour killing, a girl and her lover were allegedly killed by her father and brother at Singalapally village in Avuku mandal.Though the incident took place a few days ago, it came to light on Saturday with the arrest of Boya Subbarayudu and his son Parasuram. Police said after killing his daughter Ramulamma and her lover Pullaiah, the father-son duo dumped their bodies in a lake near the fields on the outskirts of the village.Rayudu had earlier warned his youngest daughter against having any relationship with Pullaiah, who hails from the same village. However, the girl defied her father and married Pullaiah last week. Incensed over this, Rayudu hatched a plan to eliminate them.With the help of his son, he killed his daughter and Pullaiah and later dumped their bodies in the village tank. When villagers grew suspicious, Rayudu told them that Ramulamma had run away with Pullaiah from the village. However, Pullaiah's brothers suspected foul play and filed a complaint with the cops. During interrogation, Rayudu confessed to his crime.A marginal farmer, he has two daughters and three sons. All his children were married except Ramulamma and Parasuram.A case has been registered against Rayudu and his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15791903", "title": "Industry body to train ITI teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state vocational education department has tied up with industry association Confederation of Indian Industries and Tata Consultancy Services to conduct a faculty development programme aimed at enhancing the employability skills of teachers in the state-run Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs). The weeklong programme that kickstarts on Monday has been organised by the industry association and will train 35 teachers from ITIs in the state.It will aim at sensitising the faculty in understanding the importance of soft and life skills beyond technical trade knowledge, essential to make ITI passouts more employable. tnnThe faculty development programmes conducted by CII in UP are in line with a long-standing demand by industry in the state for increasing the employability skills among students passing out of government-run ITIs. According to an estimate made by the CII, employability among Indian students is believed to be as low as 10% -- one of the reasons why a large numbers of students passing out of state-run institutes remain unemployed. The industry body has also agreed to conduct a skill gap study for the state, following which the government can reorient the training programmes, both for the students as well as the teachers.In September 2011, the state government entered into a public private partnership (PPP) model in vocation education space in UP to launch the faculty development programme for ITIs in the state. Though the first programme was aimed at the automotive industry, the core group on skills development in CII has also decided to conduct similar teacher training modules for other trades including electricians, AC-refrigerator mechanics, computer operators and so on. The core group has also proposed a skill gap study of 15 UP districts to analyse the skill gap and map the human resources needed.\"This exercise helps all stakeholders, including the state, industry and trainees. The programme will upgrade the skills of ITI faculty and help them pass on the knowledge to students, while industry will get trained manpower,\" a government official said.According to data available with the state government, there is acute shortage of ITIs in UP, with nearly 3.5 lakh applicants applying for 50,000 seats in government-run ITIs. With the government aiming to increasing the intake capacity of the training institutes, by having tied up with CII, there is also a simultaneous effort to better the quality of training available at the institutes, both for teachers as well as students. The teachers' training programme is also expected to plug the shortage of ITI teachers -- currently pegged at 1,500 posts of instructors out of total 3,500 posts.During his visit to Lucknow in July, National Skills Development Corporation chief managing director Dilip Chenoy said UP had the potential to be a talent supplier to the rest of the country, provided the government played a proactive role in keeping the faculty abreast of latest developments in the technical fields and students were trained in latest industry-related techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15781833", "title": "All seven gates of Irai dam opened", "text": "Chandrapur: All seven gates of Irai dam were opened on Sunday evening following heavy rains. The gates are likely to be opened more later in the night if heavy downpour continues. As water level in dam reached 207.300 meter, three gates of the dam were opened by 0.5 meter at 5pm. Later, as rains heavy rains lashed the catchment area of the dam, rest of the gates were also opened and their height was increased to 1 meter.Administration has sounded an alert along the Irai river about flash floods. So far there are no reports of flooding in the low laying areas though.Meanwhile heavy rains lashed the district in the afternoon. The torrential downpour threw normal life out of gear in town. People avoided leaving their houses. Main roads in town were flooded while water logging was witnessed in low laying areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15786837", "title": "Sector 15 to pay Rs 75,000 for security", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After dealing with monkey menace and sanitation woes, Sector 15 Residents' Welfare Association has taken up another responsibility of the municipal corporation. It has decided to employ security guards to man the sector's entry and exit gates. The residents will pay them Rs 75,000 per month from their pockets.Seven guards, along with the police, will man four gates at night, when the remaining ones will remain closed.The MC had constructed security gates at the seven entry and exit points of the sector at a cost of Rs 10 lakh a year ago. But, it had refused to provide security guards for the project, which was started on an experimental basis.Sector 15 Residents' Welfare Association president Surinder Sharma said, \"As the security of residents is our top priority, we have decided to operate the gates.\" The area SHO, inspector Gurmukh Singh, said, \"We will definitely provide help to the guards at night hours... but manning of gates is the job of either the MC or the residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15789023", "title": "Bihar mill defies govt order, holds back sugar for Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: State food minister Jyotipriyo Mullick has written to Union food and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, after a Bihar-based sugar mill failed to supply the required 'levy sugar' meant to be distributed through PDS under a special scheme. The mill was identified by the Centre to release nearly 1500 metric tonnes (MT) of sugar for supply in Bengal at Rs 26 per kilogram during the Eid and pujas.This initiative for the APL beneficiaries could have brought down the rising sugar prices statewide, with retailers charging Rs 40-42 per kilogram. The government now finds itself in a bind for not only has it paid Rs 3.26 crore - the entire cost of this sugar - but its effort to distribute at least one kilogram of sugar through its 22, 281 sugar outlets has been derailed, as only 500 MT of the sugar has arrived in the state.With the sugar prices hitting the roof and showing no signs of ebbing, the Mamata Banerjee government had decided to procure levy sugar, specially during the festive months of Eid and the ensuing Durga Puja, to give some relief to the consumers. It had approached the Centre for it, which had, in turn, authorized the West Bengal Essential Commodities Supply Corporation Ltd to procure 1500 MT of sugar from a sugar mill in Bihar's Gopalgunj at Rs 21 per kilogram on July 13. After adding the transportation charges and the PDS dealer's commission, the price for selling this sugar was fixed at Rs 26 per kg for APL card holders. There are 5.56 crore such APL holders in the state - over half of Bengal's 9.13 crore population. The state corporation had not only informed about this central order to the concerned mill on July 17, but as per their claim the next day they had also remitted Rs 3,26,97,000 through RTGS in its favour on August 1.\"The problem started after that. Not only was the entire sugar made available to us. The mill started giving us the sugar on tranches. Till now, we've received less than half of what we've paid for. Due to this, we've been able to distribute only 500 grams. We'll do the rest subject to the delivery. I have written to the Union minister to inquire into this. This is a recurring problem and needs to be eased for we want to repeat this scheme before the pujas to check rising sugar prices,\" he said.Biswambar Basu, All-India Fair Price Shop Owners' Association general-secretary, said: \"This would have definitely brought down prices. But such staggered supply is defeating the purpose. The general tendency of the sugar mill owners is to hoard sugar for selling this in the retail market where it fetches twice the levy prices of Rs 26 per kilogram.\" People here are not understanding why some APL holders are benefiting and why others are not leading to problems.\"Sources said with the Centre scrapping the levies on sugar mills - which at sometime was around 40% of the total sugar prices - the state has almost no control over sugar prices now. The least it can do is buy levy sugar and distribute this through the PDS outlets. This is done at a no-profit basis and the government recovers its expenditure to buy the sugar. Their problem is with states which don't have any sugar mill. For example, Maharashtra government provides the same levy sugar to APL card holders through its PDS outlets at Rs 20 per kilogram, but in Bengal transportation costs takes this to Rs 26 per kilogram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15794937", "title": "Mumbai is counterfeit capital of country", "text": "MUMBAI: For several reasons, Mumbai is the financial capital of the country. But not everything is positive about it: hidden in that moniker is the fact that it is India's capital for phoney money. Delhi, on the other hand, comes a close second in the number of fake notes seized from its various dark alleys, but ranks number one when one puts a value to those notes, which really have no worth. In the last few years, the states of Maharashtra and Delhi have contributed to 30% of all counterfeit bills detected in circulation.Information sought by RTI activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal on fake currency bills reveals that Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal come next on the chart. Each year, the count of fake scrip netted by the police and the Reserve Bank of India rises. In the first six months of this year, about two million fake notes, making up over Rs 100 million, were seized. In all of 2011, about six million counterfeit notes, accounting for Rs 260 million, were seized.RBI spokesperson Alpana Kilawala said counterfeit notes land up at the RBI from sources such as banks and individuals who come to exchange money. \"But central banks all over the world try to stay ahead of forgers; introducing plastic notes is an effort in that direction.\"But the battle against the business of duplicating bills seems to be a losing one. Security agencies say that the quality of fake notes is getting better by the day, which makes it even more difficult to detect them.Counterfeiters use the very imported paper the government uses to print notes, the agencies say. \"Around 95% of the features of new fake notes are similar to those of genuine notes. The quality of paper is the same, the colour and the ink are the same; counterfeiters are now trying to meticulously copy the micro-lettering ,\" said a police officer.Maharashtra's security agencies believe that fake notes seized by them in April 2009 were printed in a government printing press in Quetta, Pakistan. Notes of the same series were detected in Uttar Pradesh, with the UP Special Task Force suspecting that most of those were printed in the security press at Malir Cantonment , Karachi, and three other presses in Pakistan.That summation captures the mainstream opinion among economists and within the expert community that most of the fake currency is flowing in from across the border to destabilize India's economy. Former Mumbai police commissioner M N Singh said that while most of the currency lands up in metros, where the number of economic transactions is high, the notes initially land in tiny hamlets, where vigilance is low.\"The Bihar, UP and Kolkata routes are no longer used frequently. These have been replaced by Jharkhand. Peerpur village in Sahibganj district has emerged as a prime landing spot. It is 35km from the Bangladesh border ,\" said a police officer.In November 2009, the Pydhonie police in Mumbai arrested six youths from Jharkhand and seized fake currency worth Rs 5 lakh. The notes were in denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000. The accused would get a commission of 50% for circulating the fake currency. Each note bore a fake signature of former RBI governor Y V Reddy. In April 2010, the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) arrested six people and seized fake currency worth Rs 4 lakh. Again, the youths belonged to Jharkhand. In September last year, two youths were caught and they, too, were Jharkhand residents.Innovation marks criminal enterpriseMateen Hafeez &amp; Sanjeev ShivadekarMUMBAI: Circulating fake currency notes (FCNs) in India, as a form of financial terrorism, is kept alive by periodic changes in routes, hubs and modus operandi.Once, the most notorious routes for smuggling fake currency into India were the Bangladesh-Kolkata (via the North 24 Parganas), Nepal-Gorakhpur and Nepal-Bihar routes. But now, Jharkhand's Sahibganj district has emerged as the main landing spot for fake notes sent from across the border.Police sources said Birganj, the biggest town in Nepal's Terai region, was earlier the main transit point for almost all fake currency entering India, with the Pakistani embassy in Kathmandu suspected to be the nerve centre of the operation. It was suspected that a senior ISI officer working in the embassy's education department , K Mehmood, ran the network with the help of another ISI officer, Jamil Alam. Two other major routes were through Beherwa village and from Birganj to Biratnagar, all lying on the Indo-Nepalese border.\"Due to India and Nepal agreeing to fight the menace together , printers are now using Jharkhand as the transit point. There are allegations that the police in that state are lenient towards the accused,\" said a police officer from Mumbai.The newest hub for the FCN racket that seems to be emerging is Maharashtra. \"Last year, the state police arrested 105 people in connection with fake currency cases. A colour printer was seized during one of the raids in Beed district,\" home minister R R Patil told the legislative council earlier this year.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy admitted that fake currency cases were on the rise. But he attributed this to greater vigilance by the police and other law enforcing agencies. \"Much of the fake currency is smuggled from across the border. Pakistan is a major player when it comes to pumping counterfeit notes into India. They are circulated especially in Mumbai and the other metro cities with the aim to destabilize the country's economy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15816421", "title": "Kerala HC grants bail to CPM leader Jayarajan", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala high court on Monday granted bail to CPM Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan, arrested in connection with the politically sensitive murder of IUML activist Abdul Shukkoor in February.Justice Babu P Mathew Joseph granted the bail and directed Jayarajan to furnish a bond of Rs 25,000 and two sureties for the like amount.The court turned down the prosecution plea to restrain Jayarajan, arrested on August 1, from entering Kannur. The chargesheet in the case was filed in a lower court in Kannur on August 23 listing 33 accused, all of whom are either CPM workers or supporters.While Jayarajan and MLA T V Rajesh have been charged under section 118 of the IPC for not trying to prevent the murder even after getting information on the conspiracy.Shukkoor was murdered on February 20 at Keezharara in Kannur.This is the second bail plea of Jayarajan as his earlier application was dismissed by Justice S S Sateeshchandran on August 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15790107", "title": "Tortured child worker jumps from techie's 2nd floor flat, rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to flee from her persecuting master, a 10-year-old domestic help jumped from the second floor flat of her employer at Pragathinagar near Qutubullapur on Saturday night. Luckily, the girl suffered minor injuries in the incident and labour officials shifted her to a rescue home on Sunday.A software employee, Bhujanga Rao, and his wife, a Kendriya Vidyalaya teacher, who occupy flat 102 (second floor) of Sree Ravi Residency at Pragathinagar, had employed the girl one-and-a-half years ago as a domestic help. On Saturday, the couple locked the girl in the flat and went out.In the late hours of Saturday, the girl jumped from the second floor of the building to flee. The apartment's watchman, who heard a thud and saw the girl on the floor, immediately took her to his room and alerted other seven flat owners. Though she fell from the second floor, she received minor injuries on legs and arms, a labour officer said. A flat owner alerted labour officials on Sunday morning.\"We have recorded the statement of the girl, who hails from Hasanpally village in Mahabubnagar district, and other flat owners. The 10-year-old is the daughter of daily-wage workers,\" assistant commissioner of labour-Hyderabad-1, G Shanti Bai told TOI.Ironically, a retired IPS officer, B V Chander Rao, stays at the apartment complex, but never brought it to the notice of law-enforcing authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813100", "title": "Kakkar's ex Rozlyn may have crucial evidences?", "text": "Rozlyn Khan , who has been having her long date with crime branch officials, is believed to have allegedly handed then some key evidences in the Karan Kakkar murder case.Transcripts of her black berry messenger conversations( between her and Kakkar) along with certain names of his friends and some You Tube links of Karan Kakkar's video clips which has been recently uploaded by an certain identity who is believed to be a woman is what Rozlyn has apparently outsourced for the police.Though, the Mumbai Crime Branch's angle of Rozlyn's interrogation was towards the unidentified skull, which police believes is of Karan Kakkar's friend.They want to know from Rozlyn whether she knew or could identify any Karan's friend who is now missing as the investigators feel that the model was Kakkar's muse which she denies.Meanwhile sources reveal, that Rozlyn's land line, mobile phones, email I'd's are under scrutiny.When contacted, Rozlyn said, \"I am co-operating with the cops since the investigations are on I would not like to divulge anything further.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796501", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority gets 200 responses on 2.5 FSI plan", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has received around 200 suggestions and objections from citizens on its proposal to allow 2.5 Floor Space Index (FSI) to housing projects for poor people. The PCNTDA wants the proposal to be included in the development control rules.Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer of the development authority, said, \"We received around 200 suggestions and objections to our proposal. Around 100 people attended a hearing on the matter held on Thursday. The views expressed by the citizens and the administration's opinion will be tabled before the PCNTDA executive committee for its approval. The proposal will then be sent to the state government.\" Mhase said the authority would study the suggestions and objections and give its opinion on them.Terming the proposal as illegal, Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale raised 14 objections. She said that the authority published an advertisement in newspapers in December 2010.She said she has documentary proof showing that the state government's resolution to grant 2.5 FSI is not applicable to the PCNTDA.She alleged that the former CEO of the PCNTDA had approved the building permission for the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation's housing project for poor people with 2.5 FSI on November 16, 2009. At that time there was no such provision for 2.5 FSI in its development control rules, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788721", "title": "Bengal ready with its Shah Rukh Khan promo", "text": "KOLKATA: Beautiful Bengal, a short promotional film showcasing Bengal as a tourist hot-spot, is ready to hit the TV screens from mid-September with state's brand ambassador Shah Rukh Khan in the lead.Beautiful Bengal has mostly been shot outdoors and it took about 22 days to shoot the entire film with Shah Rukh. The music for the film has been scored by Bollywood music director Shantanu Moitra. \"The film gives a fresh perspective of the natural beauty of Bengal and also of its natural and industrial potential. The film's music is also unique, something that immediately connects with the flavour of Bengal,\" said a member of the crew.The duration of the film is three minutes. However, the edited and shorter versions will also be available to fit into different slots. It is said that none other than the chief minister, herself, broached the topic of the film to Shah Rukh and requested him to play the lead, since he is the brand ambassador of the state. Shah Rukh not only accepted the proposal, he did not even charge for his role in the film. The initiative is being coordinated by the state information and culture secretary, Nandini Chakraborty. Not only her department, but filmmaker Roychowdhury and Phoneix boss Naren Raina, too, preferred to remain tight-lipped about it till the special screening before the CM happens.Does SRK speak Bengali in the film? Does he dress up for parts in Bengali dhoti drape reminding us of the Devdas Shah Rukh in the Sanjay Leela Bhansali film based on Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's classic?\"Hold your breath and you will soon know it all... It is full of surprises...\" a senior team member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797138", "title": "Ranchi University students doubt if union poll will be held at all", "text": "RANCHI: Students and various student unions are doubtful whether the Ranchi University elections would be held at all. This despite the fact that the university administration agreed to conduct elections after four years and declared the tentative dates. However, with only two weeks time left for the dates, a formal notification in this regard has not been issued by the university yet.Recently, members of All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU) met the RU VC Dr LN Bhagat demanding the announcement of elections date. Following this the VC promised to announce the election dates in a week. The week is almost over and still the date has not been announced.Harish, an AJSU member, said: \"We have given the VC a deadline of 28th August. If the election dates are not declared by then the union will take out an 'indignation march' on August 29 and the university will be totally responsible for it.\"On the other hand, some student unions are adamant on conducting the elections directly. Chairperson of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) Kumar Raja said: \"We want the elections to be held directly. This way we will save time and the university will save money. Moreover, the students will be able to chose their representatives directly.\" He further said, \"We will not let the university conduct elections until they agree to conduct it directly.\"The RU VC said, \"Conducting direct elections is a long process. We have already taken the permission of chancellor to conduct the elections indirectly. If the elections are to be conducted directly, a senate meeting will have to be called and the proposal will have to be sent to the chancellor again and the whole process will take another six months.\"All the student unions of the city want direct elections but some of them say that even if the elections are not held directly, at least they should be conducted.Harish, Ajsu member, said, \"We are definitely in favour of direct elections but even if the VC does not agree to it we want the elections to be held anyway as the administration has finally agreed to conduct the elections after a long gap of four years.\" He added: \"The VC has still not declared the elections formally. It seems that he wants the elections to be cancelled again. We wouldn't let that happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "15793491", "title": "Bijapur is not part of H-K region: Mallikharjun Kharge", "text": "GULBARGA: Reacting sharply to the demand from some quarters that Bijapur district be included in the Hyderabad Karnatak region so as to avail the special status benefit, Union minister for labor and employment Mallikharjun Kharge told Gulbarga BJP MLAs to show the Hyderabad-Karnataka region map to chief minister Jagadish Shettar and make him realize that Bijapur district does not come under it.Addressing a gathering after inaugurating the new building of Employees Provident Fund office in the city, he said while the people of Hyderabad-Karnataka region were demanding for special status by amending Article 371 and striving for it, no organization in Bijapur district ever supported them or even demanded for the same.To address the needs of the drought-hit taluks in Bijapur district, the Centre has been releasing funds under special packages, he said, dismissing the need to extend special status to the region.Skill developmentAt least five billion people in the country will undergo training for developing their skills in the next 20 years catapulting India to the top position in the world, Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily said at the event.Addressing the media after the inauguration, he said at present 5% of the country's population was skilled but this would increase to 35% and the government was spending crores of money to achieve the goal. Five skill development centers will be set up, of which two will be in the state, and 5,000 ITI colleges will be opened across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15789891", "title": "BJP CMs wanted to ensure coal supplies to power projects: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the Parliament sitting on Monday after the weekly break, the spearheads of the BJP's offensive in the two Houses -- Yashwant Sinha and Arun Jaitley -- made plain their aggressive intent by attacking the government.Sinha said the government's claims that a debate in Parliament will expose BJP to the charge that its chief ministers had opposed auctions was an empty threat as all that the CMs had wanted was to ensure that coal supplies to power and steel projects in their states were not disrupted.Jaitley said suggestions to debate the issue only in Parliament \"will put a lid on one of the greatest scandals in Indian history\". \"It has been suggested that since the prime minister himself was the coal minister, we should assume that this decision was fair. The Prime Minister's Office is a sacred institution in Indian democracy. It has to be judged by standards much harsher than those which would apply to ministers like Shri A Raja,\" Jaitley said in an article titled \"Allocation of 142 Coal Blocks' issued by the BJP.He argued that \"the eight year delay is on account of an objection raised by the Prime Minister's Office, an incorrect opinion given by the law ministry, inordinate delay in drafting an amendment to the law and inexplicable delay in implementing the amended law\". None of these reasons, Jaitley said, \"appear to be bonafide\".Responding to the government's charge that the opposition was stalling debate as it had skeletons in its cupboard, Sinha said, \"There is little to be gained by bandying some letters. As former Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje points out, the concern was that ongoing projects should not be affected. It did not mean a blanket objection to auctions.\"Sinha said if there were cases of malfeasance in any allotments involving BJP-ruled states, these could be probed by CBI and the guilty brought to book.The former finance minister said states were worried about the \"grandfathering clause\" that means contracts and obligations prior to a change in allocation regime should be honored. \"This does not mean they did not want transparency in allocation of coal blocks,\" he said.Some like Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh wanted the Centre to ensure contracts were not given to entities with no stakes in the states. Sinha said a sharp rise in commodity prices around 2004 made coal bocks very valuable and this resulted in a flood of thousands of applicants. \"No one pressured the government to take more than eight years to implement auctioning of coal blocks,\" he said.Calling the process of allocation of 142 coal blocks \"arbitrary and discretionary\", Jaitley said it was the \"latest albatross round the neck of the UPA government\". \"The arrogant and despotic government did not realize when the allocations were made that it would be held accountable for each of these coal block allocations,\" he further said.\"The whole process of allocation of coal blocks stinks,\" Jaitley said, adding that the \"sad commentary on the functioning of the UPA government\" was revealed in the process.On BJP's tactics of stalling Parliament, Sinha said the party had taken the right decision even it carried a risk of isolation. \"Sometimes, you need to believe in yourself. BJP is exposing the corruption at the fount of the government. A debate will allow the government to get away lightly,\" he said.He said the BJP will reiterate its position when Parliament meets on Monday as there is no getting away from the fact that the questionable coal block allocations were made during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's tenure as coal minister and even continued thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15787825", "title": "At Foodies Group, all put best platter forward", "text": "LUDHIANA: When it comes to food, Ludhianvis are known for their discerning tastes and encouraging appetite for varied cuisines. A confluence of various tastes made this Sunday meaningful for the members of Foodies Group, as they gathered at a hotel belonging to Javed Grewal, the host, to enjoy the best mouth-watering delicacies brought by each one of them.\"The experience to host the enthusiastic foodies of Ludhiana was great as food tastes better when had in good company. The exchange of ideas kept our get-together flowing towards a right direction,\" said, Grewal, who resides in Ghumar Mandi.More than 20 members of the group attended the do on Sunday.Sarabha Nagar resident Nitin Parhawk brought 'tawa chicken chips' with yoghurt and red wine. He said, \"This is a unique effort as we have started loving the experience in just two gatherings; this being the second one. I am sure many more exceptional foodies will join our brigade.\"For some, the Foodies Group is something they would never want to part from, like businessman Harkirat Ryait of BRS Nagar, who brought along the antique Syrah red wine, which is scarcely available in India, for the members. \"Such a confluence for tasting delicious food is an idea that needs to be taken further with a vision,\" he added.The foodies got a chance to taste penne pasta in white sauce, crispy golden corns and veg rolls, courtesy Pavneet Chawla, a businessman from Model Town. \"This is just the right way to utilize the craze for food and cooking in this city,\" he said.The members of Foodies Group in the city bringing along a dish of their choice during every meet and exchange the taste and flavour of each other's delicacies. This Sunday, they met at a hotel owned by one of the members Javed Grewal.Maninder and Swastika, who own a cake shop and reside at Sukhmani Enclave, treated the members to lip smacking 'chicken yakhni biryani' and dark and white chocolate mousse. \"This is a heavenly gathering for foodies like us,\" said Swastika.The first gathering of the Foodies Group was hosted by Nishant and Gunjan Jairath, who attended the second do with chicken kathi rolls and veggies in mushroom sauce.\"I could not believe my eyes when I saw so many delicious dishes lined up. What better would you ask for on a Sunday,\" said Sargodha Colony resident and student Raman Pahwa, who came to the party with crispy golden corn.A few members, like industrialist Raunik Narula from Model Town, brought simple but important inputs to the contributory menu. He came with caramel custard and beer to quench the guzzlers thirst.It didn't take long before the 'chilli meat' brought by Preet Chandoke vanished from the serving tray. \"There is wonderful food whichever way you look at and opinions, recipes and appreciations are being exchanged over sips of wine. That sets this confluence as the dream destination of any foodie,\" he added.The members will celebrate a World Food Festival during their next meet in September by bringing dishes from different parts of the world after a pre-decided and categorized menu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15793816", "title": "Suraj \u2018only accused\u2019 in BMW case", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police have named Suraj Sherawat as the only accused in their chargesheet in the BMW accident case. Suraj was allegedly at the wheel on the night of May 5, when the BMW hit an Indigo, killing its driver and a pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye.While Suraj's father had claimed that there were three people in the BMW when the accident took place, eyewitnesses had told cops that there were two men inside and one of them had fled. Eyewitnesses identified Suraj from a photograph which police had recovered from the damaged car. A forensic report on the blood spotting found is awaited. The next date of hearing is November 8.The police filed the chargesheet recently , after a delay of more than three months . While they have named Suraj as the main accused in the case on the basis of their investigations and eyewitness reports ,the forensic report matching his blood sample with the spotting found in the BMW is awaited .In the chargesheet filed in court , police said Devendra Sherawat , Suraj's father , had told them that at the time of the accident , three people were in the car \u2014 Suraj , his friend Daksh Jaiswal and Rajesh alias Raja . Claiming to have been driving the car , Rajesh had applied for bail in a city court .The court rejected his application . Police have mentioned in their chargesheet that Devendra had orchestrated Rajesh's surrender to shield Suraj . Suraj had failed to show his driving licence and Section 3/ 180-181 of the Motor Vehicles Act may be added to the FIR .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15782467", "title": "Illegal construction of resort near Nagzira core area stalled", "text": "GONDIA: The construction of a commercial resort barely 5 metres from Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary core area border was stalled on Thursday after sustained efforts by the green volunteers. An entrepreneur of Raipur had started resort work by flouting norms about a year and a half back, taking advantage of duel jurisdiction of forest and revenue departments.But Nisarga Mandal pursued the matter and the forest department finally stalled the resort work on Thursday. With the completion of Adani thermal power plant, the number of visitors to Nagzira was expected to go up substantially. Seeing an opportunity, Dr Jaffar Khan of Raipur purchased 8 acres land allegedly in the name of his tribal employees near village Jambli (Khamba) in Sakoli tehsil on the outskirts of the sanctuary. The work on the huge resort was started soon.Eyebrows were raised as no construction activity is allowed within 10km of the wildlife sanctuary. But the problem was that this area technically came under the revenue jurisdiction of Bhandara district while the sanctuary was under the Gondia jurisdiction. The developer was claiming that he had all the mandatory sanctions required for the project from National Board of Wildlife or revenue department, New Delhi. And the work continued unabated till recently.When Nisarga Mandal started opposing the resort citing the Supreme Court directives on protection of tigers and necessity for corridors, assistant conservator of forest (wildlife), Umarzari, issued a notice to Jaffar Khan on May 31. It said the construction activity had increased poaching in the area and a bison was killed on May 27. The letter also said the noise of generators and construction work was disturbing wildlife. It was also posing a hindrance to the proposed tiger corridor connecting Pench, Kanha National Park, Nagzira, Navegaon and Tadoba Andhari reserve. The department asked the developer to stop resort work and submit the various permissions and NOCs.Despite serving a notice, the construction was continuing till now. However, due to pressure from Nisarga Mandal, a team of forest and revenue department officials visited the spot and directed the developer to stop work immediately. The work was subsequently stopped.Ashok Khune, ACF (wildlife) of the newly formed New Nagzira Wildlife Zone, Umarzari, said the construction was hardly a couple of metres away from the core area border and needed to be destroyed immediately. Sakoli ACF (wildlife) DD Patle under whom the disputed construction comes said the developer had been asked to stop the work. \"The developer has given a written undertaking that the work would not be started till he produced the requisite permission,\" said Patle.Speaking to TOI, Dr Jaffar Khan denied the allegations and claimed that such stories were spread by some officers of the forest department having vested interests. He said, \"this was not a tribal land since the last 75 years as per revenue records. Moreover, these restrictions were applicable only for tiger protection routes and Nagzira was never a tiger project,\" he added.Swahila, wife of Dr Jaffar Khan Rubi Khan, purchased 2.25 acre land on February 27 last year. She obtained non-agriculture certificate from the tehsildar on May 12, 2011 and also a no objection certificate from Khanba-Jamdi Gram Panchayat after a resolution was passed on September 25, 2011. The land was measured by the revenue department in the presence of RFO, he said.Khan claimed that the caretaker at the site was forced by the forest officers to give an undertaking to stop construction on August 24. He said, \"this was done without my consent and therefore was not binding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15780391", "title": "Ashwin Sundar holds nerve to win third leg", "text": "CHENNAI: The final race of the LGB Formula 4 category of the 15th JK Tyre-FMSCI National Racing Championship boiled down to the rivalry between two friends from Chennai.While Saran Vikram made a remarkable comeback by wining the first race on Saturday, Ashwin Sundar showed his skills on a slippery track on Sunday to seal the third leg at the Irungattukottai race track at Sriperumbudur on Sunday. Saran finished a dismal 16th due to technical snag in his car.After Saturday's race, Ashwin and Saran's duel became a battle of nerves.\"I was determined to do well today and I'm glad that everything went according to plan. Overnight rain made it difficult for the racers but I know how to tackle such situations.I've grown as a driver now and my mental strength has also improved after being in the circuit for quite a few years. I'm never afraid of challenges and Sunday's race was no different for me...\" Ashwin told TOI on Sunday.Arjun Balu (20:04.406 seconds) won the Indian Touring Cars race, beating V. Rajvirdhan of Prime Racing (20:11.191 seconds) by seven seconds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15807584", "title": "Pak PM Raja Pervez Ashraf appears in Supreme Court to face contempt charge", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf on Monday reached Pakistan's Supreme Court to face a charge of contempt of court for refusing to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari , the second premier to be summoned by the court on the same ground.Ashraf was driven to the main entrance of the apex court in a SUV shortly after 9 am.Several federal ministers, including information minister Qamar Zaman Kaira and interior minister Rehman Malik , and leaders of the ruling coalition arrived in the court earlier to appear alongside the premier as a show of solidarity.The premier will appear before a five-judge bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa to respond to a contempt of court charge for refusing to revive the graft cases against the President in Switzerland .Both Kaira and Malik told reporters outside the court that the premier was appearing in the court as the ruling Pakistan People's Party had always respected the judiciary despite decisions that had gone against the party, including the \"judicial murder\" of PPP founder Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto .The two ministers further said they expected justice from the Supreme Court.In June, the apex court disqualified Ashraf's predecessor, Yousuf Raza Gilani, after convicting him of contempt for not acting on repeated orders to revive the corruption cases against Zardari.Legal experts have said Ashraf could face the same fate as Gilani.A meeting of leaders of the ruling coalition chaired by Zardari late last night decided that the premier would appear in court despite reservations expressed by several top PPP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15790066", "title": "Kochi hotels to serve Onam feast", "text": "KOCHI: Leading hotels in the city are gearing up to welcome the Onam by organizing special feasts.Their target is families that have no time to cook delicacies in their homes but love to have a sumptuous feast and enjoy a get-together.Hotel Presidency, Trident Cochin, Abad Plaza, Beaumonde The Fern, Deshadan Plaza and BTH Hotels will offer feast on Onam days.The price charged by different hotels is in the range of Rs 250-Rs 500. While many hotels have already started special Onam feasts, a few others will offer it on 'Uthradam' and 'Thiruvonam'.Many of them have different packages for children and adults. Most of them are offering complimentary 'sadya' for children up to the age of five. They also added that the 'sadya' will be served in plantain leaves in keeping with the tradition.\"On an average 100 people visit the hotel every day for the special feasts since we started the 'sadya' on Friday. We have a total of 35 delicacies on the menu and the feast will continue till August 29,\" said S Biju, food and beverages manager, Hotel Presidency. He said the customers include families and corporate firms.The two hotels of BTH group will have a two-day Onam feast on August 28 and 29 and have different packages for children and adults.They also provide the take-away facility for customers. Dinesh Kumar Elyath, general manager of BTH Hotel, said that the number of bookings would go up in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15817632", "title": "Yash Chopra resumes romance with Kashmir", "text": "Superstar Shah Rukh Khan , who plays an armyman in the Yashraj Films' next, is on his maiden shooting assignment in the Valley for the untitled project which marks producer-director Yash Chopra's return to Kashmir after a gap of three decades.Chopra, who last captured the Valley on-screen in Amitabh-Rakhee starrer 'Kabhie Kabhie' in 1976, had replaced Kashmir with Swiss Alps for his later films as the region struggled with militancy.Shah Rukh arrived at the Srinagar International Airport this morning and then flew to south Kashmir tourist resort of Pahalgam for the shoot after completing his schedule in Ladakh.SRK will shoot \"for eight to 10 days\" in the Valley, a source close to Chopra said.Chopra, his wife Pamela and their son Aditya, have already arrived in Kashmir and have been camping at Pahalgam for the last two days along with the 100-odd shooting crew, the source said. Chopra will also shoot in north Kashmir Gulmarg tourist resort and along the banks of Dal Lake in the city.SRK plays an Army bomb disposal expert Samar in the film, also starring Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma .The untitled film marks Chopra's return to the direction after a gap of eight years and brings together the award winning pair of A R Rahman and Gulzar.The film is scheduled for a Diwali release on November 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15810027", "title": "Govt staff in Karnataka take loans mostly for computers", "text": "BANGALORE: Computers trump cars, two-wheelers and bicycles when Karnataka government employees apply for loans from the state coffers, a clear indication of people's priorities.While there are no takers for bicycles, even in rural areas, only a few officials and employees have taken advance money to buy cars and two-wheelers. But over 100 applications have come to the finance department for loans to buy computers.The government recently enhanced advance money for its official and employees. For buying a car, Rs 3 lakh is given to officials drawing a monthly salary of more than Rs 38,000. For a two-wheeler, an advance of Rs 50,000 is provided for those earning over Rs 19,000.Advance money for buying bicycles is given only for Group D employees. Those drawing a monthly salary of Rs 16,400 and less will be provided Rs 3,000 to buy one. However, not even a single employee has applied for it this year, while only five applied in the past two years.\"The preference for computers has been on the rise. We've already received over 100 applications this year. More than 90 applications came in each of the past two years for computers,\" an official in the finance department told TOI. More than 50% of money reserved for loans are for computers, he added.Employees drawing a monthly salary of Rs 22,000 will be given Rs 40,000 advance money to buy computers. However, Group D employees, who constitute the majority of the nearly 6 lakh government official/employee work force, have been denied this benefit. The Karnataka Government Employees' Association president L Byrappa said a resolution seeking advances for computer purchase for Group D employees would be passed at their next meeting.Advances will also be given to buy solar cooker (Rs 1,500), solar water heater (Rs 25,000) and for festivals (Rs 5,000). The condition for a solar water heater is that an employee should own a house. A provision - equipment advance (Rs 12,000) - given to officials going on special projects to other states, has never been used by any of the employee or an official.Sources said the repayment has been 100% as a nominal amount is deducted every month from the salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15779339", "title": "Magadh Stock Exchange Association to reorient operations", "text": "PATNA: Magadh Stock Exchange Association (MSEA), at its general body meeting held here on Saturday after several years, decided to reorient its operations to be of greater help to its member-brokers and investors in future.Trading in shares had come to a halt on the MSEA several years back. Later, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) had declined to extend its temporary recognition as a stock exchange.According to Suresh Rungta, former president of the MSEA, who presided over the meeting, the general body passed the MSEA accounts pending for the last several years. It decided to continue its operations as a registered company and explore the prospects of obtaining the membership of National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).This, Rungta said, would provide a cost-effective alternative to MSEA's share brokers and investors of Bihar at large. At present, share brokers in Patna either operate through the subsidiary of Inter-Connected Stock Exchange or as local franchisees of BSE or NSE brokers. This, he said, cost investors more by way of higher brokerage on their transactions in stocks.He told TOI that a proposal has been mooted to link the smaller regional stock exchanges with the four larger regional stock exchanges located at Kolkata, Chennai, New Delhi and Ahmedabad. The MSEA general body meeting decided to look into the possibility of linking up with the Calcutta Stock Exchange if the proposal gets the Sebi's approval.Under this proposal, Sebi has been urged to allow the larger regional stock exchanges a trading settlement cycle different from that of the NSE and BSE. This would allow arbitrage business between the exchanges, giving a fresh lease of life to regional stock exchanges, Rungta said.Sebi chairman U K Sinha, at a meeting with the regional stock exchanges' representatives at the Sebi's office in Mumbai on August 9, assured to consider the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15789223", "title": "IT executive's chain snatched", "text": "KOLKATA: An IT executive's gold chain was snatched when she was returning home at Salt Lake's AL block on Sunday night.Debosmita Jena had gone shopping at BJ market. She was walking back home alone around 8pm when a gang of snatchers grabbed sher gold chain and fled.The girl lodged a complaint at Bidhannagar East police station. No one has been arrested yet in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15784998", "title": "No work, no pay: Delhi University to teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University authorities have responded to the DU Teachers' Association's call for general strike on Tuesday by ordering cancellation of all leave and invoking \"No work, no pay\".The teacher's association had called for a general strike and the executive committee had planned to sit on a hunger strike from 9am on August 28.The letter from the registrar asks deans and principals to maintain attendance records of teachers during work-hours. They are required to forward copies to the registrar's office by noon, August 29. \"It is unfortunate that you have chosen a course of action that is unwarranted and without basis. The University requests you to be conscious of the bounden duty of the teaching community to ensure smooth conduct of the classes....the call for a strike becomes even more farcical in view of the various measures and activities that have been undertaken by the University administration,\" says the letter to DUTA president, Amar Deo Sharma.The letter to the principals states, \"Teachers who proceed with the strike shall be treated on unauthorized absence that will adversely affect their service record.\"Sharma had claimed that the VC had not met the group collectively for a year and that the strike was a result of the VC \"avoiding\" them. The issues DUTA raised include the delay in filling the 4,000 vacancies, in promotions and \"non-fulfillment of constitutional obligation of appointments of SC/ST and OBC in pursuance of the UGC regulation 2006.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15787388", "title": "Mother Teresa's 102nd birth anniversary: Kolkatans and CM pay tribute", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday joined hundreds of Kolkatans to pay tribute to Mother Teresa on her 102nd birth anniversary.At Mother House, the global headquarters of the Missionaries of Charity, founded by Mother Teresa in 1950, nuns and other faithful congregated at a mass where a special prayer was held in her remembrance. Prayers were also held at churches all over the city to mark the occasion and seek her blessings.\"On the 102nd birth anniversary of Mother Teresa, I respectfully bow my head to pay my love and gratitude to the great soul. She lived a life of dedication, devotion and loving care to serve the poor and terminally ill who have no support to look for. They have nothing to offer, but Mother showed the world that those helpless and distressed are creatures of God and they can return love and affection to all. Let us strive to put smiles on the faces of the poor and needy people of the country. That will be the most befitting tribute to Mother Teresa,\" Mamata said.Sister Prema, superior general of Missionaries of Charity, said everyone prayed and remembered Mother Teresa for her teachings and sought her continual blessings. \"Today, on August 26, it is the birthday of Mother Teresa. A hundred and three years ago, God gave Mother Teresa to the world so that they may know that they are loved and that they are children of God, brothers and sisters of each other. In 1997, 15 years ago, God took her from us and we seek her continual blessings in the work and also in the people who are drawn to God through Mother, to see Mother's works and the work which continues,\" she said.Sister Prema said we should follow the teachings of Mother and spread the message of love and compassion. \"In today's world, Mother, as she did during her life, teaches us that we (should) love one another, especially those in our own families; that we want everyone whom God put with us, especially the children, those children who are not yet born. They need the protection of the family that we allow them to be born and grow into human beings full of love for God,\" said Sister Prema.The chief minister, too, fondly remembered her association with Mother Teresa. \"I fondly cherish those few great opportunities that I got of meeting and working with Mother. The first time I met Mother was years back when the previous government was demolishing one of her homes at Hatgachia. On receiving her call, I went at once and protected it. Next time I met Mother at one of her institutions in Joka. Another incident I remember \u2014 it was at the time of the Babri Masjid demolition when a curfew had been imposed \u2014 I was on the road for 24 hrs for seven days to provide relief to our minority brothers and sisters. When none else was seen, I met Mother Teresa at the Loreto School Relief Camp,\" said Mamata.Mother Teresa came to India in 1929 at the age of 18 and took up teaching. She became an Indian citizen in 1948. She received several national and international awards for social service during her lifetime. These included Bharat Ratna, the Magsaysay Award in 1962, the Pope John XXIII Peace Prize in 1971, the John F Kennedy International Award in 1971 and the Nobel Peace Prize in 1979.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15785120", "title": "Constable killed in Indore, motive behind murder not clear", "text": "INDORE: A constable was brutally murdered in Annapurna area here on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday. He was returning home after duty at the IG bungalow.The cop, identified as Dharmendra Singh Tomar, 48, son of Badri Singh Tomar was a resident of Gurunanak Colony. Associated with SAF as a constable, he was posted at the bungalow of Inspector General Police (IGP) Pawan Srivastava. Annapurna police in-charge G S Charad told that Dharmendra was returning home from duty at around 12 in night. When he was passing through Baramatha Gurunanak Colony, few unidentified persons attacked him and began inflicting stab injuries on him. They were believed to be lying in wait in nearby temple before the incident took place.In a bid to save his life, Dharmendra tried to escape by a bicycle and began screaming for help too, but he fell down at the gate of his house. The policeman's family members, who were waiting for him heard his voice and immediately came out of the house. They were shocked to see him lying in a pool of blood. He was rushed to local hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. The body was sent to the district hospital for post-mortem.In the initial post-mortem report, doctors found that he was stabbed thrice , including two stab wounds on abdomen and one in his right hand.The motive behind murder was not yet clear as family members were shocked and were not in condition to divulge anything. They reportedly told police that there was not rivalry with anybody, which could result in his murder.Charad said Dharmendra's family resides in Indore for last three to four generations and they own few plots of land in the city which might be the reason behind Dharmendra's murder.Quarrel with miscreants could not be ruled out as the reason for the murder, Charad said, adding the police are looking at all angles and he claimed that soon the police would crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15785208", "title": "Lawyers, activists should join hands: Medha Patkar", "text": "INDORE: Social activist Medha Patkar on Sunday gave a call to lawyers and activists to join hands over various burning issues plaguing the country.Patkar said, \"Participants of people's movements have to engage in grass-root politics and legal system so that the issues can be fought collaboratively.\"Speaking on Anna Hazare-led agitation for Lokpal act, she said that the movement can not be termed as dead yet. \"At present, one should not draw a conclusion that Anna's agitation has failed. Many people are in favor of the movement even today and they extend support to it. It would be wrong to say that Hazare's supporters had given up the fight. The problem is that none of the political parties want Lokpal Act to come into force,\" she said.Patkar, however, said that Hazare's supporters should think it through before entering the electoral politics.She was speaking on the sidelines of a conference of lawyers for social justice jointly organized by Indore Institute of Law and National Alliance of People's Movement. Other speakers too expressed their views.On the second day of the conference, various issues including corruption, environment, civil liberties, women's rights and poor people in urban areas, were discussed. Ravi Kiran Jain, Senior Advocate, Allahabad high court, Shri Kaleeshwaran, Advocate, high court of Kerala and Shri Girish Gokhle, legal practitioner from London participated in the plenary session on development planning and displacement: Legal and constitutional challenges and spoke on issues pertaining to the current paradigm of development planning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798599", "title": "Century-old stories wash up on heritage tour of Chennai port", "text": "CHENNAI: In 1875, Edward VII laid the foundation stone for what was to become the second largest port in India after Bombay . The rise and growth of the city of Madras can be linked inextricably to the economic benefits brought by its harbour which was an assertion of human guts and gumption over a ruthless sea.A heritage tour of the port on Sunday as part of Madras Week celebrations helped unearth forgotten facets of this struggle. A port at Madras was first suggested by Warren Hastings in 1770 and it was more than a century later that work actually began under the visionary Sir Francis Spring. \"It was nearly a 125-year struggle. People of Calcutta and Colombo never believed Madras could have a harbour of its own,\" said historian and tour guide V Sriram.Until then, ships had to be anchored two miles from the coast and the people and cargo were at the mercy of coolies and owners of catamarans who charged exorbitantly for their services. Also 90% of the cargo was lost or damaged because of this. Pilfering was common and goods from ships often landed up at the nearby evening bazaar.\"After 1875, the northern and southern groynes of the harbour were constructed. The idea was to create a still water enclosure which would be unaffected by storm and surf water ,\" said Sriram. But the groynes collapsed in 1877 and a basement of rubble consisting of concrete blocks weighing 33 tonnes each quarried from Pallavaram was subsequently laid. Based on a study by Spring which revealed that the port was vulnerable to cyclones, the entrance of the port was then shifted from the eastern side to northeastern side of Fort St. George. Along with this, a railway track belonging to Madras Port was also built. The port covered an area of 400 acres in the early 1900s when Spring was chairman of the Madras Port Trust.The next big event occurred on September 22, 1914, during World War I . Guided by the lighthouse at Fort St. George, a German cruiser Emden sailed close to the coast and shelled the port, causing the death of five sailors and a fire at the oil docks, which raged for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788359", "title": "Cop suicide: Officer sent on leave", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a sub-inspector of Park Street police station accused his senior of ill-treatment in his suicide note, Kolkata Police top brass has asked DCP (South) D P Singh to go on leave till the completion of the inquiry. The deceased's family, however, hasn't lodged any formal complaint against Singh, or anyone else, for abetting suicide.Gauging the sensitivity of the case, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday spoke to the dead officer's wife and assured jobs for her and one of her children.In his suicide note, Kartik Chatterjee had mentioned that Singh had summoned him for enquiring about investigation of pending cases. Thereafter, Singh reportedly humiliated him in front of other colleagues and even threatened to suspend him. Since Chatterjee was found dead at his Baguiati home, preliminary investigations are being handled by the Bidhannagar commissionerate. Sources said the chief minister herself inquired about the matter from Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar hours after the incident. Later in the evening, the chief minister contacted deceased officer's wife and consoled her.As senior officers of Kolkata Police treaded with caution, a sense of dissatisfaction spread across their subordinate ranks on why a case wasn't initiated till Sunday. Not to be seen as dragging its feet because a senior officer had been implicated in the suicide note, Singh was immediately asked to go on leave and DCP (North) Gaurav Sharma was asked to take charge of the south division. Sharma has been replaced by R N Sarkar, who is now in charge of the second battalion of Kolkata Armed Police.But whether Singh going on leave is a precursor to an inquiry wasn't immediately evident as senior officers stressed it's a routine process and Sharma has been given charge of south division for a few days. Singh was supposed to take leave from August 30 for 15 days. He had applied for the leave prior to the incident. Sources hinted that following the intervention of top brass of city police, Singh preponed his leave and he will probably be on leave till the matter gets settled.Meanwhile, the intervention of senior officers of Kolkata Police and a consolation message from CM dissuaded Chatterjee's wife and daughters from lodging a formal complaint against Singh. On Sunday, a team from rights organization APDR went to Chatterjee's house but the family remained reluctant to meet them. Family insiders hinted that the family didn't want to dig into the controversy and was not willing to proceed against Singh.The rights activists, however, claimed that police had the scope to start a suo motu case against Singh on the basis of the suicide note and they should not have waited for any complaint. But senior officers of Bidhannagar city police said that as Singh is an officer of Indian Police Service, cops can't start any case against him without official clearance from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797404", "title": "No extra time, writer for visually impaired in teacher job test", "text": "RANCHI: The visually impaired candidates in the teachers' recruitment examinations slated for August 29 will not be provided with any extra time and writer. State disability commissioner Satish Chandra said, \"I had written a letter regarding this issue to the principal secretary of the state human resource development department and the secretary of the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) after I received many complaints from the candidates who have demanded this provision during the examinations and have even threatened to go for demonstration and self-immolation if their demands are not met. Despite such threats, the department is not ready to accept the demand,\" said Chandra.The commissioner was surprised with the decision of the HRD department and the JAC because Jharkhand Public Services Commission (JPSC) provides the facility to such candidates in various recruitment exams. Tthe visually impaired candidates are given extra time along with a writer. \"They need more time in comparison to others students. Even the Union Public Services Commission (UPSC) also provides such facilities to these types of candidates. I would say even if they don't recognize the UPSC or other states provisions at least a recognition can be given to JPSC.In the same state, such discrimination wouldn't be accepted,\" said Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15785228", "title": "Single senior citizens meet to find their life partner", "text": "INDORE: As many as 300 lonely hearts of the society who want to settle down at the periphery of their life participated in the life partner selection-meet organized for unmarried, divorcee and widow-widower aged above 50 years in Indore on Sunday. This was an initiative of Ashok Jain, Nathu Bhai Patel and Dilip Doshi.It was first meet of its kind which was meant for the senior citizens. Aatmaram Sarogi, 72, widower wants a religious cum caretaker wife and who can maintain a good relationship.\"Loneliness is a slow poison.\" The statement once uttered by Amir Khan in his show, Satyamev Jayate, inspired me to remarry. My sister and brother in-law also pushed me to get remarried. Therefore, I came over here as I also believe in live-in- relationship, said he.\"I want such a partner who is active and religious, but she should not have kids along with her,\" said Sarogi.Another 63-year-old person Jinendra Jain said that his friend along with his son-in-law encouraged him to revive his life by marrying again.\"My son-in-law and my daughter kept saying me after my wife's death that I should live my life in my own way and should not hesitate in remarrying. This is why I took a chance of coming here in search of such a partner who is broad-minded and who can accept me for whoever I am,\" said Jain.Even many divorced men and women came to the meet, from various other cities for the event. Sarya Parekh (50 plus), is a beauty parlour owner and she came from Gujarat in search of a suitable Indori Gujrati person. Ram Patil, 78, who is currently working as a social worker, said, \"My friends pushed me towards the meet and wanted me to marry again. Anyone who can bear my financial dooms or hypes would be appropriate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785892", "title": "3 persons killed in separate accidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons died in separate road mishaps on Saturday in rural areas of the district.Police said, V Jeevanandam, 28 of Kendepalayam near Karamadai was returning home from Othimalai along with his friend Nivas from Palladam on his motorcycle. When he came close to Neelipalayam on the Mettupalayam-Sathyamangalam road, a motorcycle rammed into his motorcycle. He sustained severe head injuries and was rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where he was declared as brought dead. His friend Nivas sustained injuries and was admitted at CMCH. Sirumugai police have registered a case and the investigation is on.In another incident, a 32-year-old man Rajadurai from Kallipalayam near met with an accident at Samanaickenpalayam on Saturday. A van rammed into his motorcycle and he died on the spot. Perianaickenpalayam police have registered a case.In the third incident, a 35-year-old man, Balraj, hailing from Sokkalingapuram in Virudhunagar district was standing near Trichy road at Kannampalayam on the outskirts of the city. An unidentified vehicle dashed against him. He sustained severe head injuries and was admitted in CMCH. He succumbed to his injuries at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15794811", "title": "Long-distance travel may be a short cut to illness", "text": "BANGALORE: With the city bursting at its seams, commuting long distances has become the norm for most Bangaloreans.Working people and student community travel about 10-20 km on an average every day in the absence of a good public transport. The consequent long-distance commuting may lead to problems like chronic heart diseases, kidney diseases, blood pressure, diabetes , respiratory disorders and back and neck ache.Vijay Shastri, 34, techie from Hebbal, used to travel about 25 km to and from his workplace in Whitefield every day. Dealing with peak-hour traffic and congested roads became a part of his life. Vijay slowly developed low blood pressure. Three months back, he suffered a severe heart attack while driving his car. Fortunately, he was rushed to the hospital in time and his life could be saved. But Vijay has stopped going to work since then. He now works from home four days a week, attending office once.Dr G Gururaj, head of the department of epidemiology, Nimhans, said: \"Travelling is basically a very complex process. One's mind is continuously engaged in several activities while on road or in vehicle . Any kind of multi-tasking can lead to stress, eventually harming health. Studies have said that if one travels for more than 2-3 hours a day, it can harm his/her physical, mental and social health.\"A person dealing with road traffic, navigation and driving can be stressed, which can even lead to road rages or fights at home, as the pent-up emotions need an outlet, he explained.Said Sujatha Reddy, (name changed), a media professional : \"I have a two-wheeler , but it is very stressful to drive back home in the evening peak-hour traffic. I realized it was affecting my concentration and I was often becoming forgetful and anxious. I switched over to public transport five months back and am feeling much better.\"Dr Thomas Chandy, senior orthopaedic and chairman, Hosmat Hospital, said: \"Sitting in the vehicle for long hours can give permanent back ache, neck ache or cervical pain. People who drive long distance every day are likely to develop knee stiffness or wear and tear of knee. It can also give blood clots or varicose vein.\"Road to health woesRiding two-wheelers on bad roads can break your back or neck tissues. The potholed stretches, which also have a number of unscientific humps, can give spinal wear and tear, said doctors.Dr H Paramesh, pulmonologist and chairman, Lakeside Hospital, said: \"Heavy traffic can cause high level of sulphur dioxide in air, which, in turn, can cause respiratory disorders and allergies like asthma. If one continues to breathe in unhealthy air for long, it can also lead to lung cancer. Also, airconditioned cars can give several allergies as the fresh air is not circulated in the vehicle. Too much honking on the road and high level of noise pollution can lead to deafness.\"The prescriptionAlter your lifestyle Walk as much as possible Maintain healthy diet Maintain good exercise regime Try to avoid smoking and alcohol consumption Plan your day and start for work early Shift to public transport Try to stay closer to your workplace", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15810374", "title": "All jazzed up", "text": "The band's oh-so-perfect synchronization left everyone applauding on Friday night. The concert, which went on till late, attracted a plum crowd in this lounge. With a heady combination of a great crowd, music and medley of other ingredients, the event was high on music. The band members of Combo 3 performed while explaining about the relevance of musical instruments.Besides savouring the taste of music, guests gorged on lip smacking delicacies and exotic drinks. The special atmosphere created at the lounge was enough to up the tempo of the do. After the band's performance, the DJ took over and mesmerized the audiences.With an international tadka: Besides the concept nights, the idea of international music nights has also caught the fancy of Chandigarhians. Recently, a party was organised which had DJ Krn belting out specific tracks from French, Israeli, Spanish music. The event had as many 200 people with the DJ on an experimenting spree. Music buffs gyrated as they rooted for the tracks, which were enough to provide them a much needed kick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813461", "title": "Aamir Khan's new look for 'Dhoom 3' revealed", "text": "Bidisha Roy and Krishnendu Sengupta - a couple from Kolkata - woke up to a big commotion in their downtown Chicago neighbourhood on August 7. Clad in black, a biker was racing down the road with police cars in hot pursuit. Weaving in and out of the traffic, it looked like he would get away. Suddenly, the bike hit a rough patch and crashed. As people watched in amazement, Take 2 began .That's how the Bengali couple recalled the start of the Chicago leg of the shoot of Aamir Khan's latest film. But as the chase sequence was played out, the only person missing was Aamir himself. \"We saw his stunt-double doing the action. He looked a little taller than Aamir and was dressed in black,\" recalled Bidisha.But the man himself - with a lean, mean look and a never-seen-before hairdo - arrived in a while. \"It looked like he'd gone back to his Ghajini days. We had read reports of how Aamir wanted a new hairstyle for this film. During the day, he hardly took his hat off. But when he did, we could understand what might have prompted him to keep his look hidden - it's that different,\" said Bidisha.While the crowd grew to catch a glimpse of the star, Aamir sat with a book, unperturbed by the hullabaloo. \"When not shooting or talking to the director, he was reading a book on Mahatma Gandhi ,\" she added. Bidisha later found out that Aamir had put up in the building next to theirs. \"But he chooses to stay indoors. Only on Eid, there was a huge bash at his apartment,\" she said. The cast has now been joined by Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra. \"My husband met them and they were extremely courteous. We are now looking forward to the arrival of Katrina Kaif ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779921", "title": "Two nabbed for posing as cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crime branch arrested two youths for posing as policemen and extorting money from citizens.A team led by sub-inspector MM Parmar got a tip-off about two youths involved in anti-social activities. Working on the information, they kept a watch near Raikhad at around 4 pm on Sunday and nabbed the duo on the basis of appearance.They were identified as Mohammed Aman Memon (21), a resident of Jamalpur and Mohammed Islam Qureshi (22), a resident of Raikhad. Two mobile phones, Rs 9,000 cash and a bike with a baton-like stick were found from their possesion.\"During the questioning, the duo confessed that they had posed as policemen near Behrampura on August 24 night and extorted Rs 9,000 from a man by threatening to file a case against him,\" said an official.Aman has earlier been caught by Karanj police officials in 2006 for the similar crime. Investigators said they have come across large number of cases of police impersonators repeating the same offence again despite being arrested earer.\"If we see the past records, the impersonators often come from family of policemen or personnel who work as home guards. They know the nuances and can behave as police personnel. While majority of the gangs have been busted, such incidents occur at regular intervals,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15819557", "title": "Aadesh Chaudhary to enter Punar Vivah", "text": "Yash and Aarti's married life is expected to go through some turbulent times with the entry of a new character on Shashi-Sumeet Mittal's Punar Vivah on Zee TV.Aadesh Chaudhary, popularly known as Digambar of Color's TV's 'Laagi Tujhse Lagan' , is all set to make his entry as Aarti's friend. Sources inform that Aadesh will play the role of Aman, Aarti's ( Kratika Sengar) college friend who will meet her after a long time. Aarti has been hiding the truth about previous marriage from her current husband Yash ( Gurmeet Chaudhary) and in-laws. The promo of his entry was shot yesterday. When contacted, Aadesh said, \"Yes, I am doing the show but I can't divulge anything at this point of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15811626", "title": "Sonam, Dhanush to play younger lovers in 'Raanjhnaa'", "text": "Tamil superstar Dhanush who is 29 in real life and Sonam Kapoor who is 26, would be playing 17-year olds in an important segment of Aanand Kumar's love story Raanjhnaa.The earlier plan was to cast two teenagers as the younger versions of Sonam and Dhanush's career. But the hunt for the right face and body language proved futile. Says a source, \"Aanand wanted to cast two younger actors who would be convincing as younger avatars of Dhanush and Sonam. But getting the same facial features and correct body language turned out to be daunting task. It was then that Dhanush and Sonam suggested they try to portray their younger versions themselves.\" And now the lead pair of Raanjhnaa are all set to knock off a decade from their respective ages for the camera.Both Sonam and Dhanush have been on a special diet to get the teens back into their lives. When contacted director Aanand Rai said, \"It's all about conviction of characterization. The actors have to believe in what they're doing. The physicality follows from the actors' ability to portray younger versions of themselves. I believe Sonam and Dhanush are so submerged in their characters that they can move through the chronology from inside.When they play 17-year olds no one would be looking at the two actors' real ages.\"A tougher challenge was to get the Varanasi accent right. In fact one of the reasons the film's shooting has been delayed is that Sonam needed to get her anglicized accent out of the way. And Dhanush needed to work on eliminating the Tamil twang from his Hindi. Dhanush, we hear, insists on speaking in Hindi lately. Says the director, \"As far as I'm concerned the language was never a problem. I could've shot the whole film in Tamil and the characters and content would have remained the same.\"Raanjhnaa begins shooting on the ghats of Varanasi on September 1. The security arrangement would be minimal since the two actors would be comparatively unrecognizable.Apparently Sonam and Dhanush would be introduced as two newcomers to gawkers in Varanasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15795233", "title": "Elderly citizens celebrate 5th anniversary of Swaraj Vridhasharam", "text": "KANPUR: The fifth anniversary of Swaraj Vridhasharam was celebrated with fun and enthusiasm here on Sunday. Senior administrative officials including divisional commissioner, district magistrate, city mayor remained present on the occasion.The senior citizens living at Swaraj Old Age home were a busy lot on Sunday in the preparation of the anniversary of their 'Swaraj home'. The authorities of the old age home had organized a 'Bhajan Sandhya' for the elderly members of the old age home.The senior citizens were seen in a jubilant mood and did not want to miss any opportunity to share their happiness with the visitors who came to meet and celebrate with them.It was in the afternoon, when city mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona, divisional commissioner, Shalini Prasad and district magistrate MP Agarwal visited the Swaraj Old age home and greeted the elderly people living there. These senior officials appraised the spirit of these senior citizens who even after facing betrayal of their own kids are surviving with zest and enthusiasm.Talking to TOI, Manju Bhatia, president and owner of Swaraj Vridhashram informed that currently 48 members are living in Aashram out of, which 42 are senior citizens and 6 are kids.\"At this old age home, the elderly family members celebrate every festival together and live happily amongst each other. They've built a special relationship with each other over the years,\" added Manju further.Sharing their happiness, Prabha, resident of the old age home said that the programme was enjoyable and she will await for such next event further.\"I had a good time after long. It was a great gift from the owner's side for us on this occasion,\" said Madhu Mishra, another member of Old Age home.The locals who remained present in the function were enthralled by ghazals and other singing performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15783375", "title": "Dhoble\u2019s hockey stick kept off Mumbai tourists?", "text": "Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had convened a high-level meeting to review the dismal performance of the tourism department, particularly implementation of an ambitious policy approved six years ago. The meeting was also attended by tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, industries minister Narayan Rane and minister of state for tourism Ranjeet Kamble.But, instead of discussing the delay in implementation of the policy, there was a debate on the role of controversial assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble, a trusted aide of then police commissioner Arup Patnaik. Kamble first fired a salvo at Dhoble, saying that there was an adverse impact on night life in Mumbai, which had affected tourism in the city, owing to his high-handedness.Kamble, among the most low-profile cabinet members, was joined by senior ministers. The cabinet members pointed out that it was not the duty of a police officer to visit a club or a pub with a hockey stick in hand. In fact, many people visit Mumbai to enjoy its night life.Ever since Dhoble took over the social service branch, he was playing havoc, since he had the blessings of Patnaik. Notwithstanding criticism by senior bureaucrats and even outgoing director-general K Subramanian, Patnaik did not halt Dhoble's excesses.Significantly, after Chavan heard critical views of senior cabinet colleagues, a flash message was apparently sent to new police commissioner Satya Pal Singh. In his first media interaction, Singh announced that while the squad stands dissolved.Many Mumbaikars feel that there was inordinate delay in shunting out Dhoble.Benjamin has no flat in stateAmong high-ranking bureaucrats, T C Benjamin is probably the only one who does not have his own house or a flat in Maharashtra.As per submissions by bureaucrats on immovable property returns, Benjamin does not have a flat or a bungalow in his name or the name of his family in the state. As per central rules, it is mandatory for all-India service officers to submit details of immovable properties to the state government and the Centre.Further, the information is displayed on the official website of the ministry of training &amp; personnel.Benjamin's decision not to acquire immovable property in the state assumes significant importance, particularly in view of the fact that for nearly seven years, he has been associated with the crucial urban development department, which is responsible for approval of major redevelopment plans in the metropolis.As per information on the website, some bureaucrats own more than three flats and the annual rent from such properties is several times more than their annual salary. Many bureaucrats had given an undertaking that they will never give their flats on rent and if so, the government will be given top priority.The crucial affidavit has remained on paper.A high-ranking IAS official said it was time for bureaucrats to bring in a new code of conduct or people would lose faith.No miracle for DeshmukhAfter veteran Congress leader V P Naik, high-profile former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh held the office for the longest period. While Naik was Maharashtra chief minister for 11 years, Deshmukh, in two separate terms, was CM for nearly seven and a half years, but was unable to fulfill his ambition to lead the state in the Lok Sabha and assembly polls.After a humiliating defeat in the 1995 assembly polls, Deshmukh was re-elected to the state legislative assembly in 1999 by the highest margin. He hoped that if the Congress and NCP staked claim for government formation, he would be inducted into the cabinet with a plum portfolio. But at the first meeting of the legislature party, Deshmukh was elected leader and at a joint meeting with the NCP, he was elected leader.Even as he was expecting to complete the five-year term, he was replaced by Sushilkumar Shinde to lead in the 2004 assembly polls. After a brief gap, Deshmukh was back but told to quit after 26/11. He was expecting to lead the party for the assembly and LS polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15813993", "title": "Apple's victory over Samsung: 5 things to know", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15797332", "title": "Sandal whiff back in Veerappan\u2019s lair", "text": "COIMBATORE: Eight years after forest brigand Veerappan was killed in an encounter leaving behind a dubious legacy of plundering 10,000 tonnes of sandalwood worth $220,00,000 from the forests of western Tamil Nadu, which share borders with Karnataka , the forest department is now embarking on a massive project to compensate the loss by sowing good quality seeds and planting grafts of superior clones.Exclusive nurseries to graft clones of about 26 fine varieties of sandalwood from neighbouring Karnataka and Kerala have already started operating in Veerappan's erstwhile lairs at Anthiyur, Bhavani Sagar, Anchatti, Thalamalai, Dhimbam, Thalavady , Hoggenakkal, Mettur, Bargur and Sathyamangalm . Similar nurseries have been planned in neighbouring forest areas of Coimbatore and Nilgiris as well.In Anthiyur and Bhavanisagar alone, over 20,000 sandalwood grafts will be planted by the end of this year while more than one lakh grafts will be planted by March next. \"We are undertaking a project to plant trees in areas which were plundered by Veerappan and other smugglers in the last three decades. These trees will not only increase the forest cover but also bring in more foreign exchange ,'' said Anthiyur range officer K Amrithalingam, who is in charge of the nursery at Iruttupallam.The nursery at Iruttupallam is one of the first to be set up to nurture fine sandalwood varieties and it is going to plant 10,000 trees in the Anthiyur-Bargur range in the next three months. \"We have chosen high-yielding varieties from other states to graft with our local varieties. As a local variety sandalwood tree can generate five litres of oil after 15 years, the grafted one with superior clone can provide 15 litres of oil,'' he explained. Forest dept looking for help from locals\"We are taking utmost care while grafting the varieties and facilitating their proper growth in the initial days. As these trees are highly sensitive and their international demand is huge, we will keep a sharp eye until they attain maturity,'' said A Dharman , nursery staff.Veerappan roped in youngsters from villages on forest fringes to cut sandalwood trees in the 70s. Now the forest department is probing the possibility of taking the help of local tribal community to guard the newly planted trees. Known in scientific terms as Santalum ablum, the Indian sandalwood is known for its unique fragrance. Interestingly, India leads in sandalwood production worldwide and nearly 85% of the supply of Indian sandalwood comes fromKarnataka , Tamil Nadu and Kerala. With advent of forest brigands like Veerappan, the production fell from a high of 4,000 tonnes in the early 1970s to less than 300 tonnes today. \"Indian sandalwood is a highly adaptable and grows in varying soil conditions and weather, amid temperatures ranging from 5\u00b0 Celsius to 50\u00b0 Celsius. So our projects will be a success in the entire region with different climatic conditions ,'' said Amritalingam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784259", "title": "Tetanus injection shortage hits govt hospitals", "text": "BHOPAL: Government hospitals in the city are facing shortage of tetanus injections. Patients at Hamidia hospital that requires some 8,000 tetanus injections per month have been forced to make private purchase. Authorities blame it on delay in purchase while casualty patients are footing the bill to save them from infection.\"Patients with a deep wound could become contaminated by the tetanus bacteria, if the injections continue to be in short supply. It's a basic a medication, but its unavailability could be life threatening,\" said an on-duty doctor at Hamidia hospital, seeking anonymity.The situation is somewhat better in JP hospital, which like Hamidia Hospital has to rely on local purchase to meet the demand. Sources at Hamidia hospital blame the shortage of tetanus injections in execution of the tender by a supplier. \"The supplier has been blacklisted and we are in the process of floating a fresh tender,\" said an official.A vaccination to protect against tetanus is given as part of the national childhood immunisation programme to mother and child. \"There is no shortage of supply with regards to the immunisation programme,\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla.About one lakh tetanus injections are administered in the city under the programme. However, request for souring tetanus injections from the immunisation stock was turned down by health officials.Experts suggest that tetanus is a serious, but rare infection caused by bacteria. It usually occurs when a wound becomes infected. If not treated, tetanus may lead to complications, which can be fatal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792750", "title": "Mobile planetariums to visit schools", "text": "LUCKNOW: To learn about evolution of the universe and life, one doesn't need to go to the planetarium. Instead, the planetarium will come to your school under a scheme launched by Council of Science and Technology, Uttar Pradesh .Under the said scheme, the staff at Indira Gandhi Planetarium will take 'mobile planetarium to schools on their request. \"It is a kind of dome filled with gas in which digital equipments are attached and at one time, around 35 children can watch it. At present, it is telecasting 'wonders of universe' show which unveils the secrets of universe. As children are curious on the creation of stars, galaxy and solar system, it will provide knowledge to them on it,\" explained Anil Yadav, incharge of IGP.He added that the aim behind the effort is to attract children towards the world of stars. \"We want to tell them that the stars are brighter than what they appear to the naked eye. The real purpose is to develop and promote scientific temper in children. Once they get a taste of the subject, they may like to delve deeper into it,\" said Yadav adding that interested schools may contact the IGP office. Schools will have to pay a nominal charge for facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15794175", "title": "With no guards, residents face security crunch", "text": "BANGALORE: A plush apartment in Electronics City where Brijesh Shukla, a young techie, stays has seen a few changes in the past few days. Of late, only one of the two huge entry gates to the apartment complex is open. The gate leading to the clubhouse has been closed.\"Most of our security guards are from the northeast. As some of them left fearing for their lives when rumours were doing the rounds, we are facing a shortage of security personnel at our apartment. Number of guards on night duty has also been cut,\" he said.The exodus has left many apartments in a similar situation . \"We had eight personnel dedicated for security in our complex. Though all of them were from the northeast, four decided to go home. They were replaced by two locals and today we have six guards instead of eight,\" said Prakash N, resident of an apartment in Singasandra.The staff shortage has also increased safety concerns among a few apartment residents . \"We had up to six guards working round the clock. All of them left for home and we could replace only three. Unless more guards are hired, I am not confident about security in our apartment,\" said Shefali Das, resident of a Bommanahalli apartment, which has 50 flats.Karnataka Security Services Association (KSSA), which has over 300 agencies under it, said 15% of the total private security force, consisting of 5 lakh personnel in the state, works at apartments.\"The number of northeasterners working as security guards at apartments are very few compared to those at malls and hospitals. Most apartments prefer locals as they are fluent in the local language and have their police verification records in place. So most apartments shouldn't be facing a crunch,\" said KP Nagesh, president, KSSA.In Imphal, Ashoka urges all to returnDeputy CM R Ashoka, accompanied by Karnataka director general of police Lalrokhuma Pachau, was in Imphal on Sunday, a day after he visited Assam.Ashoka urged students and professionals from the northeast who fled the southern state to return, saying there is nothing to fear. \"We are all Indians and we are one. That's why I have come to Imphal to urge all those who fled Karnataka to return to their respective institutions and workplaces,\" he said. \"There has been no communal violence in Karnataka since many years and Bangalore is the safest place in India,\" Ashoka, who also holds the home portfolio, said. Special trains have been arranged for the people to return to Karnataka. They will operate from Guwahati from Saturday next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15797007", "title": "Vote for candidates with good character: Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare said in his blog on Sunday that citizens should vote for candidates with a good character instead of voting for a political party in the 2014 general elections.He also said that voters should prevent MPs and political parties, who have opposed the Jan Lokpal bill, from getting re-elected.Hazare said voters, who elect their representatives, are the real rulers of the country. However, the elected representatives have now become the rulers. \"We have to change this picture. There should be decentralisation of power. There is a need to bring in a law to give all powers to the gram sabhas. In the 2014 elections, people should vote cautiously. Instead of voting for any party, people should vote for candidates with good character,\" he said in the blog which is now posted on a new link annahazarethinks.blogspot.in.\"In the last 65 years, the government has not made any law to prevent corruption. People had to agitate for 10 years before the government brought in the law of Right to Information,\" he said. Corruption has increased because the government has failed to make stern laws against it, he said, adding that power should be vested in the hands of the people in a democracy.He also said that if people vote for candidates with good character, then the Jan Lokpal bill will be passed and the law for 'right to reject' elected representatives who are corrupt and use muscle power can also be approved.Hazare said the UPA government, which could weather opposition of its allies during the Indo-US nuclear deal and, more recently, ensure their cooperation during the presidential election, was not able to convince the allies about the Lokpal bill.He said that by claiming that the enactment of the Lokpal Act was getting delayed because allies were not cooperating clearly shows that the government has no intention to set up a strong Lokpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15794059", "title": "Shopkeepers: It is safe", "text": "The tragedy at Lansdowne building seems to have not deterred some shopkeepers there . They said they are ready to run their shops there claiming that the building is safe and strong. \"The building is still strong and if permitted we are ready to occupy our shops again ,\" said MR Vijay Kumar , vice-president of Lansdowne Building Shopkeepers ' Association. Kumar toldTOIthathehadbeen running a stationery shop since three and half decades and there had not been any major tragedy . Saturday's incident has happened due to negligence as rain water was allowed to stagnate on the roof , thus weakening it, he said . \"We will take a final decision once the technical committee submits its report on the condition of the building . All the shop owners have agreed to accept the report ,'' he said . There are 65 shops and about 350 people are dependent on their livelihood . This apart , the building has offices of various organizations and associations .Question mark over four famed marketsSaturday's tragedy has brought the focus back on the Heritage city's famed markets Lansdowne Building , Devaraja Market , Vani Vilas Market and Mandi Market . The Mysore city corporation (MCC) thinks that the three markets except the Lansdowne Building , have outlived their utility and has suggested that they be pulled down . The decision is pending before the Council , sources told TOI. Now that a part of the Lansdowne Building has collapsed , the issue could get some push , they stated . Except Lansdowne Building , all the three markets are proposed to be taken up under the PPP model . There was a plan to retain and rejuvenate Lansdowne Building at a cost of Rs 4 crore. These markets need urgent renovation , but lack of trust in the MCC coupled with funds crunch has turned them into monuments of neglect . For instance , the tenants didn't trust the civic body to deliver every time it proposed renovation . Even the revenues generated by the MCC from these properties are not enough to maintain them while it is alleged that some of the tenants have sub-leased the shops against norms .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15798868", "title": "Sail away with passion", "text": "NEW DELHI: What does sailing mean to you? \"I don't have an answer ,\" says Suheim Sheikh, founder-president , The Yacht Club of Hyderabad. It is something he just does. In response, The Doors' song 'Ships with Sails' come alive. \"Sometimes we don't have the right answers to give people or the media, but the light within shines forth guiding us to the path we best belong to,\" summarises Sheikh.Sheikh came from a family where money was scarce, but fortunately his father was a member of Secunderabad sailing club and his foray into sailing started when he was 12 years old. That's how the blueprint for his club \u2014 The Yacht Club of Hyderabad (TYCH) \u2014 materialised in 2010. \"Even though I come from a middle class background, I had access to sailing facilities. I found that the common citizen and especially the underprivileged have no access to sports. I had sailed at the national level and I felt it was important to build a facility that is open to all.\"After pursuing aeronautical engineering from IIT Madras, Sheikh worked with small start-ups in Hyderabad. Boredom set in and he took a two-year sabbatical to sail. From 1989 to 1991 he sailed seriously to top the Laser Fleet - which is equivalent to an Olympic-level . He ran out of money and he could not even pay the rent, that is when he stopped sailing and built software products.\"I didn't sell my software company to start the yacht club. I was tired of the corporate world and wanted to pursue my passion in sailing and photography and I am happier now that I am able to devote a considerable amount of time to both. More towards sailing, as photography is a lot more personal.\" Sheikh's photographs are appearing in the National Geographic. \"It is not a very big deal, anyone can send and good images get selected for the website .\"A sailing event that he organises called 'Monsoon Regatta' has been attracting sailors from across India since 2009. \"Championships allow aspirations to grow, and besides, I want to attract top Indian sailors to Hyderabad.\" Also, to make sailing more accessible, Sheikh plans to launch a Hyderabad sailing academy for economically backward children. On the academy, he says, \"We are facing a few challenges, the biggest being funding.\"What keeps him going? \"The performance of the children and their love for the sport inspires me. I can feel the responsibility of having brought about a change in their eventless life. If I can show them a way out of poverty and set up a sustainable model so that many others can share a similar positive experience , I would have made a contribution to society.\"On sailing as a career, he says, \"It is still tough, but a growing industry. Equipment can be expensive but the knowledge-base in India is tremendous. Also, to achieve something you have to be passionate about it and be ready to face challenges.\" To start a yacht club, you have to love sailing and be a good administrator.Sheikh has been getting citizens involved to keep the Hussain Sagar Lake in Hyderabad clean, all for the love of sailing as he brings world class championships and top sailors to these waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815098", "title": "Full story of Prince Harry's Las Vegas trip yet to unfold", "text": "Prince Harry's bare-assed antic during a game of strip billiards in Las Vegas is nothing as compared to the rest of the story, a source has claimed.A single quote from an anonymous source has been used by celebrity blogger Norm Clark on his Las Vegas gossip page, the Daily Mail reported.\"Something pretty gigantic' is involved; something more serious than 'strip billiards,\" the Daily Mail quoted the source as saying.The claim is the latest in a string of revelations to potentially tarnish the image of the 27-year-old royal.After the nude photos of the royal emerged, Prince Harry removed himself from Facebook, where he operated under the pseudonym Spike Wells.The latest comment to surface surrounding his antics have no implicit context, but could be linked to concerns raised by the Prince following the US publication of the disrobed heir.Harry was said to be 'terrified' that further damaging images might emerge and his concerns intensified after photos of an 'even wilder' week in the British Virgin Islands on Sir Richard Branson's private island of Necker, shortly before the Vegas weekend, were leaked to a newspaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798063", "title": "Fewer TN students head abroad to study medicine", "text": "CHENNAI: Fewer students from Tamil Nadu are going abroad for graduate courses in medicine . According to the Tamil Nadu State Medical Council, in the past three years there has been a drop of 50% in the number of students who graduated abroad and returned to the state to practice medicine or pursue postgraduate courses.Since 2002, students who have graduated in medicine in colleges abroad have had to appear for a screening test conducted by the Medical Council of India. Only those who clear the test get certificates from the state medical council permitting them to do a year-long internship in a university or hospital in the state.After the internship, their names are enrolled in the registry , enabling them to start practice . A total of 301 students were issued licences in 2009. The number fell to 242 in 2010 and 171 in 2011. \"The number of medical seats in our state has gone up and students are opting to study medicine here,\" said TNMSC president K Prakasam.The state had 15 medical colleges in 2009. This increased to 18 in 2012. This year, the state had 2,642 medical seats on offer during the single window counselling . In addition, the state has several deemed universities . \"Some doctors asked us if students aren't clearing the medical test or are simply not returning. We don't think that is the case. Fewer students from TN are going abroad to study medicine,\" Dr Prakasam said. Counsellors say studying at undergraduate medical colleges abroad is expensive and it takes an average of eight years to complete the course. In countries like Russia or China many students are forced to study the native language before they start the course.\"It takes them six years to graduate. For the next year they prepare for the screening test and spend another year doing an internship,\" said education consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi . \"Their peers who studied in India are postgraduates or have established private practices.\"Harish G (name changed), who graduated from a university in Russia in 2008, agrees. He found it extremely difficult to clear the screening test. \"It took me two years to clear the exam. I am now trying to get through the postgraduate entrance test ,\" he said. \"My brother, who is two years younger than me, studied in India and is now a qualified surgeon.\"\"It's good to study abroad but you can't compete with your peers,\" he said. The Russian consulate says the number of students choosing to study medicine in that country has increased in the past two years. \"There was dip some years ago. But more students are now opting to study medicine in Russia after we started giving them incentives such as cost benefits and scholarships,\" said an official at the Russian consulate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15783112", "title": "Man arrested, links with suspicious groups probed", "text": "VASCO: A 32-year-old man from Uttar Pradesh but presently residing at Mapusa has been arrested by Verna police and his links with any suspicious groups are being investigated after he allegedly tried to provoke another man from his own community.The man identified as Afzal Khan has been arrested under Section 153, (s) of the IPC for allegedly promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, etc, PI Edwin Colaco of Verna police station said.A person informed Verna police that Khan called him twice on his mobile and told him that harassment is being meted out to Muslims and that they should do something for the community. Khan was arrested on August 24 and remanded to seven days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15779259", "title": "'Exercise to avoid bone &amp; joint problems'", "text": "PATNA: Lack of physical activity and regular exercise are the major reasons why majority of Indians suffer from bone and joint problems, said Dr Gyaneshwari Prasad, a senior geriatric physician from UK, on the concluding day of the two-day 12th national conference of the Central zone of Indian Orthopaedic Association (CEZCON)-2012 here on Sunday.She added, \"Most of the elderly people in India suffer from osteoporosis , frequent fracture and weaker bone because of their poor food habit. To avoid them, one should take vitamin, calcium and protein-rich diet.\"The Bihar branch of central zone of IOA, in association with Bihar Orthopaedic Association (BOA), organized the event on the theme of 'geriatric orthopaedics'.Dr SM Lakhotia of Kolkata, an expert in osteoporosis, said, \"In most of the cases, after an operation to correct fracture, patients neglect the proper intake of medicines and diet that usually leads to weakening of bones and increasing the chances of more fractures in future.\"Speaking on management of lower thigh bone fracture just above the knee joint, Dr AS Prasad said, \"This is a weight-bearing bone, so proper restoration of anatomy is mandatory. Good operation by plate fixation gives satisfactory movement of knee joints to patients with lower bone fracture.\"Lt-Colonel Narinder Kumar of Research and Referral Hospital, New Delhi, who spoke on total knee replacement said, \"This is a boon for advance cases of osteoarthritis and after successful operation all possible movement of knee can be restored. The quality of life of these patients is very good and they can perform all normal activities like people of their age.\"More than 400 delegates participated in the second day of the event. Dr Amulya Kumar Singh was declared elected president of the central zone of IOA. Over 400 people participated in the two-hour-long awareness programme on bone and joint problems in old age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15788446", "title": "Now, auto runs over child's legs in Barasat", "text": "BARASAT: The dreadful incident of an auto dragging a child for 30 metre has not even faded from public memory and now, another auto driver has almost repeated the same act by running over a 4-year-old's legs after hitting him at Sethpukur on Sunday.Eyewitnesses said the auto driver could have stopped his vehicle after hitting the boy. But he chose to move on while passengers on the auto turned a blind eye to the plight of the child. It seems the government's strong-arm tactic has failed to have its effect on errant auto drivers.Local residents immediately launched an agitation and blocked Jessore Road, demanding arrest of the accused auto driver who fled the spot with his vehicle soon after hitting the boy. Fearing mob attack, auto drivers of all six routes in Barasat stopped plying since Sunday morning. Consequently, hundreds of commuters got stranded throughout the day. A large contingent of police rushed to the spot later in the day to bring the situation under control. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.The accident took place around 9.30am when Rajkumar Das, a resident of Hatkhola Indira Colony, was going to a Ramakrishna Ashrama near Sethpukur along with his elder brother Uday. While the siblings tried to cross the road, the driver of the Champadali-bound auto hit Rajkumar. The boy fell on the road, but the auto driver allegedly did not stop his vehicle and ran over the child's legs and fled the spot. Rajkumar was immediately taken to Barasat Hospital and later shifted to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital for treatment.\"Eyewitnesses told me that the auto was being driven recklessly and hit my son. The driver could have stopped after hitting him. But he continued moving forward and ran over his legs. Both his legs were badly injured and doctors suggested a surgery,\" said Sripati Das, the boy's father.Condemning the accident, transport minister Madan Mitra said: \"It is very unfortunate that once again a child fell victim to reckless auto driving. A stern action will be taken against the accused driver. I will go to visit the child in the hospital,\" said Mitra.\"The situation is under control now and the autos have started plying on the routes. We are looking for the accused,\" a district police officer said.It may be noted that just a few days back, an auto driver at Sinthee dragged four-year-old Adrika for 30 metres after she fell out of the auto. The child's mother held her daughter all along and pleaded with the driver to stop the vehicle. But the driver refused to give in and continued to drag the child. The incident had shocked the state and the government went on an over-drive to curb auto menace on city roads. However, the recurrence of the same incident has left the public wondering how to tackle the reckless auto drivers, specially when all efforts of the government have fallen flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790633", "title": "'Apathy, not rain reason for our tragedy '", "text": "JAIPUR: For 80-year-old Badrinarayan Natani, the world came crashing down when his grandson Ram Mohan Natani, the only bread earner in the family and granddaughter-in-law Puja Natani, were swept away in the rain at Ghat Ki Guni area on Tuesday night.As the entire family is struggling to come to terms with the tragedy, Badrinarayan is more hurt by what caused this irrepairable damage - emotional as well as financial.\"Believe it or not, the only thing responsible for my grandson and his wife's deaths is the apathy of civic authorities. Both would have been alive had the civic authorities had paid attention to the long-standing demands of the local residents to fix the drainage system in Ghat Ki Guni area,\" said Badrinarayan.With his three-month old great granddaughter in his lap at their house at Kanji Nagar colony near Agra Road, Badrinarayan said on Sunday that he believes the rains were not such torrential as they are being made out to be.\"It was nothing compared to the flood-like situation which I had witnessed in 1981. Despite that, the entire Ghat Ki Guni area where my grandson was swept away turned into a sewerage line. And you ridiculously talk about making the city a world-class one,\" he said.Ram Mohan and Puja were on their way to see their two-month old daughter Vidisha admitted to JK Lone hospital.\"Their car got stuck in a gush of water and swept away. When they were on the spot from where they swept away, the rain had barely started. It is a shame that not rain, but administrative negligence killed them,\" said Badrinarayan.Ram Mohan's cousin Ashish Kumar told TOI that no administrative officer or politician came to visit the aggrieved family.\"The government has offered Rs 2 lakh compensation. It is nothing when it is taken into consideration that the entire family including his three-year old son Tejas, two-month old daughter Vidisha, father Badrinarayan, mother Savitri Devi and grandparents depended on Ram Mohan's income,\" said Ashish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15782525", "title": "Protesters were not allowed beyond Parliament Street: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nothing could deter the spirit of 25-year-old Amit Kumar . Even as an injured Kumar sat donning an 'I am Anna' cap in the bus on Sunday, he continued raising slogans against the government. \"I feel proud to be a part of this. But it is shocking how police have reacted. It was a peaceful protest and they just started beating us up,\" said Kumar, who received a minor injury on the head during the police lathicharge at Akbar Road. Another protester, Raja Ansari, a 17-year-old student, was seen with blue-black arms.With activist Arvind Kejriwal in the lead, around 800 protesters jumped over barricades at Jantar Mantar and Parliament Street to make their way towards the Prime Minister's house on 7 Race Course Road. However, on Akbar Road, they met with stiff police resistance. Cops resorted to lathicharge to disperse the crowd. While at first the crowd ran helter-skelter, soon they braved the lathis, forcing cops to turn to water cannon and teargas shells.Cops say they had to use force as the entire central Delhi and New Delhi districts, except Jantar Mantar, was under Section 144 of the CrPC. \"The protesters were not allowed beyond Parliament Street and Jantar Mantar. But they jumped barricades and forced their way head,\" said an officer.It was just not the afternoon lathicharge that brought cops and protesters close to a confrontation. In the morning as well, protesters stormed into the Mandir Marg police station, where six of their leaders were detained, causing minor brawls. The protesters who gathered at the police station were adamant about not letting police take the leaders to Bawana. They blocked all exit gates of the police station, climbed up the police vans and even sat on top of them.Cops pushed the protesters and roughed up some of them, including women. There were no woman constables outside the police station building. Though none of the woman protesters was seriously injured, they felt uncomfortable. \"You can push and shove the men but not the woman protesters,\" shouted a male protester. \"We will not move till our leaders are freed,\" said another protester.In the scuffle, IAC member Manish Sisodia was beaten up inside the van as he tried to come out of it. \"Why did they hit us? We did not do anything illegal. We just wanted to go to the houses of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari in groups of two. Nowhere in CrPC 144 is it mentioned that two people cannot peacefully walk. We were non-violent throughout,\" said Sisodia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15797808", "title": "Signal booster at airport to keep flyers connected", "text": "CHENNAI: Passengers often switch on their mobile phones the moment the aircraft hits the tarmac. Most often, however, they are unable to make a call because the phone, turned off through the flight, cannot locate a cellular signal.That will soon change at the Chennai airport where the Airports Authority of India (AAI) plans to instal a single tower booster that can be used by all telecom service providers. The technology, common shared in building solutions, is used by airport operators in Mumbai, Delhi and Hyderabad and at most five star hotels and some malls in larger cities. The signal booster eliminates need for cellular service providers to set up their own towers. It also reduces radiation and electricity consumption while offering better coverage. The signal strength in Chennai airport is now poor, even though eight mobile phone operators have set up 10 towers in the premises.A senior AAI official said operators installed more towers after customers complained about poor coverage. \"But the signal strength is still not good,\" he said. \"The towers are also an eye sore.\" AAI floated tenders for the project on Friday. \"The tower will boost signals. Mobile coverage will be good even in the basement,\" said Chennai airport director H S Suresh. \"We expect to award a contract to a company in 15 days.\" The single tower mobile signal booster is among the plans AAI has to improve services at the airport. Experts say cellular coverage requirements are different in public facilities like an airport and other parts of the city. Up to 1,000 people could try to access mobile networks at the same time, putting severe strain on available signal strength.The new system works around the congestion by transmitting signals in a different way, with specially designed antennae maximising use of spectrum available, keeping signals indoors and minimising interference from road and air traffic. The new system will help airport staff too, especially in the baggage screening area in the basements of the new terminals.HOW IT WORKS?The tower installed inside the airport will receive signals from different service providers A set of antennae on the tower will transmit signals through optical fibre cables to smaller antennas installed in different parts of the building The signals will be transmitted in a away that they do not spill out of the building or lead to wastage or weakening of signals As signals are not weakened, the tower will use less amount of electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15778814", "title": "Kiwis turn turtle, succumb to innings defeat as Ashwin and Ojha dominate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even the rain gods couldn't save New Zealand's batsmen from looking woeful. It rained for more than an hour but to the relief of the Indian players and the Sunday crowd, play was underway two hours after the scheduled start.Scorecard | Match in PicsThe reluctant Kiwis took to the field and 100 minutes later it became clear why they would have preferred the rains to continue.It took India only 61.5 overs in 235 minutes of play - 24 minutes after the tea break - to wrap up the Kiwi innings and record a comprehensive innings and 115-run win to go one-up in the first of the two-match series at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium.The visitors were bowled out for 164 with off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin doing the most damage with his second six-wicket haul in the match.He finished with figures of six for 54 to add to his six for 31 in the first innings. These are the best figures for an Indian bowler against NZ in Tests.The Kiwi resistance crumbled after 100 minutes of play when umpire Steve Davis ruled McCullum leg before to Umesh Yadav. The dashing opener, who shook his head in disbelief as he walked back to the pavilion, should consider himself a bit unlucky as it looked like the ball had hit the bat before striking the pads.McCullum had stayed at the crease for 174 minutes and faced 130 balls while making 42 (3x4). This was the much-needed breakthrough for the Indians as the spinners took over and the visitors lost their last seven wickets for 26 runs.Ashwin cleaned up Ross Taylor (7) and then Ojha got the prized wicket of Williamson.The Kiwi batsman was beaten by a ball that turned and bounced and he edged to slip, where Virender Sehwag pulled off a brilliant one-handed catch. Williamson, who had looked good in the first innings too before perishing while trying to cut Ojha, recorded the highest score for any New Zealand batsman in the match. His 52 (4x4) came off 163 balls in a 197-minute stay at the wicket.Thereafter, there was no stopping the Indians as Ashwin got rid of Daniel Flynn (11; 54b 1x4) and the dangerous James Franklin (5; 17b, 1x4), who had made an unbeaten 43 in the first innings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15786811", "title": "10-year-old to gift first pay of Rs 1 lakh to the less fortunate", "text": "KOLKATA: This 10-year-old boy could be an example to citizens several times his age. For, he has decided to donate his first pay \u2014 an amount close to Rs 1 lakh that he earned by working in a movie \u2014 to the Missionaries of Charity.\"I wanted to share my first earnings with the not-so-fortunate children of the city. I would have loved to buy something for my parents, too, but I think that can wait for another time,\" smiled Akash Mukherjee, a Class V student of St Xavier's Collegiate School and protagonist of the yet-to-be released Bengali movie 'Anubhav - Ekti Ekla Chheler Goppo'. Akash will hand over the money to the organization after school hours on Monday \u2014 a day after the birthday of Mother Teresa , and incidentally Akash's as well.Akash's generosity is something his parents Manisha and Gora Mukherjee inculcated in him. They taught him the art of giving when they took him to the Missionaries of Charity on his fifth birthday. That day, after school hours, he had also paid a visit to Nirmal Hriday, a home run by the order instituted by Mother Teresa.\"We wanted him to grow up with a sense of awareness of the world and realise the importance of giving. So we went to donate books, toys and clothes that could be used. I made sure that he gave up especially those toys that he was fond of,\" recounted Manisha.Though Akash remembers very little about that maiden visit, trips to the home for destitutes on subsequent birthdays made him realize the joy that he could spread just by giving others what they did not have. Akash would go to the home with his parents after school, cut a cake in everyone's presence and then share food with other children.\"In the beginning, I would feel a slight pang when I had to give up something I really cherished. But when I saw faces light up while I handed it over to those who did not have them, it really did feel good. Now sharing or giving up is not an issue at all. It comes naturally,\" said Akash, showing a maturity way beyond his years.Just over a year ago, Akash won the lead role in a film and loved every moment working in it. Directed by Rajesh Datta and Ipsita Roy Sarkar, the film that also stars Kushal Chakraborty, Saheb Bhattacharya, Nandini Ghoshal and Dolon Roy, is about the loneliness of a boy who overcomes it.In real life though, Akash has no loneliness to contend with. Not only does he have cousins and friends , Manisha too quit her job to be a full-time mother. \"He made me leave the job, but I don't regret the decision one bit,\" she smiled.The movie opportunity came by chance and Akash's parents did not object to it. He did the shooting over weekends and holidays. Though Akash enjoyed the experience, his parents don't want him to act in another one anytime soon. \"It is too early to say what we would want him to be other than a good human being,\" said Gora. Akash, though, has his sights set on becoming a footballer .There had been no talk of remuneration till the shooting was completed. The directors then hesitatingly told the Mukherjees that they would like to pay Akash around Rs 1 lakh. When the couple asked their son what he would like to do with the sum, he replied without hesitation: \"Give it to the Missionaries of Charity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15779587", "title": "Chess wizard Anand to visit city today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: World chess champion Vishwanathan Anand will be in the city on Monday to inaugurate the Swami Vivekanand Mahila Chess Mahotsav 2012 at the Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar. According to an official communique issued by the state government, no fewer than 3,500 women will take part in the championship.The championship is being organized to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand. Member of Parliament of Gandhinagar and senior BJP leader L K Advani will attend the inaugural function. At the event, Dhyani Dave, Gujarat's chess player and woman International Master, will play against 150 women chess players simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15794173", "title": "Angry tenants take civic agency to task", "text": "MCC's neglect of the 120-yearold Lansdowne Building surfaced on Sunday with the corporation commissioner MR Ravi's admission that the tragedy was waiting to happen .During a meeting with tenants in the corporation properties , including Lansdowne Building , convened by district minister SA Ramdas , Ravi explained that 21 buildings were proposed to be renovated at a cost of Rs 22 crore . But the Centre didn't approve the DRP which they submitted . Lansdowne Building's renovation was taken up with funding from the heritage department . While MCC started the tender process on April 13 , it was shelved as only one contractor participated in the bid.The tenants wanted to know why the civic body didn't check the building's structural stability and inform them . \"Your callousness has claimed four lives . Were you waiting for the loss of lives ?\" MS Basavaraj , an advocate who is a tenant at the heritage structure , asked the commissioner . However , Ramdas intervened and defended the officer even as he ducked questions on action against the officials for negligence in the upkeep of the monument .Ramdas didn't approve the suggestion for a probe by Syed Shakeeb-Ur-R ahman , an expert who had visited the site and made the suggestion . `During my inspection , I found that materials used at the northern and southern ends of the building where some repairs have been done were not the same as at the central portion , which is quite strong ,'' he stated calling for a technical investigation . The civil engineering professor had studied the structure in 1995 when a toilet on the first floor had developed cracks and caved in . Referring to this, he said that was when the building showed signs of its weakness . Later a canopy collapsed , he pointed out. R Murthy , president , Lansdowne Building Tenants Association , complained that MCC didn't allow the tenants to attend to its structural needs even when requested . Worse still, it pulled down the rolling shutters it had allowed some 18 months back , which, he claimed , had damaged the structure . He called for action against the officials .What officials sayThe officials have their own reasons for not taking up the maintenance works . According to official sources , notices for eviction to the shop owners were issued in 1994 when a private building located in the backyard of Lansdowne Building collapsed .A lawyer who has his office in the first floor approached the Supreme Court and got a stay against MCC orders for eviction . Since then the maintenance works suffered with the shop owners remaining non-cooperative and on occasion preventing MCC staff 's entry into the building , the sources claimed .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15789457", "title": "Wakf Board chairman under scanner", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP State Wakf Board's claim of a revenue increase by 37% by means of revision of rents of wakf properties has been undermined by a series of allegations of corruption. The minorities welfare department had issued a confidential GO, a copy of which is with TOI, on April 4 this year and appointed an inquiry officer to investigate allegations of corruption against the chairman of AP State Wakf Board, Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani. Strangely, however, the GO has so far remained confidential and the inquiry into the alleged charges of corruption has thrown up more questions than answers as many of the land transactions were done before Biyabani took charge.The allegations under investigation against Wakf Board chairman Biyabani include leasing out several large and small wakf properties at low lease rates and without the consent of concerned departments and even mismanagement of large land parcels belonging to the Wakf Board. Those in the know cite the example of a plot of land measuring 400 square yards in Kattal Mandi in Abids that was leased out to an Islamic organisation for a mere Rs 4,000 per month with a non-refundable security deposit of Rs 15,000. \"In fact, there was another party willing to pay rent of Rs 20,000 with a security deposit of Rs 2 lakh but the Board chose to lease it out for a much lesser price,\" said an official who did not wish to be identified.Biyabani has categorically refuted the allegations stating that many properties in question were already given to various parties on lease by previous chairmen and that the files had only come to him for an extension of lease period for which the lease proceedings have been kept in abeyance. For instance, a land parcel of 15 acres in Duvvuda village in Visakhapatnam was given on leased out to various parties for excavation of gravel for Rs 20,000 per acre per annum before Biyabani took charge. Similarly, lease papers for another land parcel of 10 hectares (25 acres) in the same Duvvuda village with lease amount of Rs 12,000 per hectare per annum had come to him for an extension.Sources from the Wakf Board expressed their helplessness and claimed that they were victims of political interference and said the land parcels in question were given on lease on the recommendations of political heavyweights. Also, in letters sent to the minority welfare department clarifying their stand, the Wakf Board officials have defended their decision to rent out the property in Kattal Mandi saying that it depended on the mansha-e-waqif of the wakf property which in this case was the promotion of Islam and had to be given to an Islamic institution only. A Board official said, \"The land parcel was given to Al Mahad Lilbahus Al Islamia Islamic Research Centre. Further, the construction was stayed and the matter is sub judice.\"Lawyers familiar with Wakf Act and the rules its chairman needs to follow said the Board need not take permission from the minority welfare department as it is entitled to lease properties for a year. \"A mutawalli can give his property on lease for three years and the Board for one year. Permission from the minority welfare department should be taken only if the lease period exceeds that mentioned in the rule.\"Defending his decisions, Biyabani said, \"Many of the said lease proceedings were done before my tenure began and had come to me for lease extension. Apart from one instance, excavation work was not carried out anywhere and the property is left intact. We have taken action against the party which carried out mining after the lessee committed breach of lease conditions. All of the decisions pertaining to wakf institutions have been taken keeping in mind revenue generation of the concerned institution. I have submitted detailed replies in which I have explained that all allegations are baseless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15794168", "title": "Man held for killing aunt", "text": "GURGAON: A man who allegedly stabbed his aunt to death and injured her son with the same knife was arrested by the city police on Sunday evening. The accused, Ravindra alias Raja, had on Saturday night stabbed his aunt Manjit Kaur and cousin Sumer after discovering that his wife's sister, Shilpa, had married Sumer.Accompanied by his wife Sonia and her grandmother, the accused fled the scene after stabbing the two. The city police have lodged an FIR against all the three persons on charges of murder and attempt to murder.The incident took place in Laxman Vihar Colony around 10pm on Saturday.Ravindra is the son of the younger brother of Nathu Ram, 55, who lived in Laxman Vihar with his wife Manjit Kaur, 50, and son Sumer, 20. Ravindra was a resident of Sushant Lok with his wife Sonia and sister-in-law Shilpa. Cops said that Shilpa was living with Ravindra and Sonia following the death of her parents.Till recently, Ravindra and Sumer had cordial relations and used to often visit each other.Trobule started when Shilpa and Sumer fell in love with each other and tied the knot on July 28 this year in a court in Karnal district. When Ravindra got to know about the marriage of Sumer and Shilpa, he flew into a rage.Ravindra went to Sumer's house in Laxman Vihar late on Saturday evening with his wife Sonia and Sonia's grandmother and confronted his aunt and her son Ravidnra openly spoke against the marriage. An altercation followed. The accused then fetched a knife from the kitchen and stabbed Sumer in the face and neck. When Sumer's mother, Manjit Kaur, intervened Ravindra stabbed her in the stomach and neck. Soon after the incident, Ravindra fled along with his wife and her grandmother.Around 10.15pm, when some neighbours saw Manjit and Sumer in a pool of blood they informed police, who in turn rushed the victims to a private hospital.Police later recovered the knife used in the murder. They also handed over the body of Manjit to her relatives after the postmortem. Sumer was on Sunday reportedly out of danger and his wife Shilpa was with him.\"We have arrested the accused, Ravindra alias Raja, resident of Sushant Lok, and are questioning him. The reason behind Ravindra's crime was his inability to accept the marriage between his cousin and sister-in-law,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15784805", "title": "HC stays termination of 20 MP Cricket Association members", "text": "INDORE: A two-member bench of the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court stayed the termination of membership of 20 members of MP Cricket Association (MPCA) after a marathon special hearing on Sunday. The verbal order by the HC bench also paved the way to the 20 members to cast their votes in the elections to the association held during the day.The order empowered the disqualified 20 members to exercise their right to cast their votes in the bitterly contested election of MPCA in which the current president and Union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia and Madhya Pradesh minister for commerce and industry are vying for the top posts. It is reported that all the 20 members whose membership was reinstated belong to Scindia camp. The HC order was delivered at 4 pm just 45 minutes before the completion of election process. Advocate Ajay Bagaria, counsel of the petitioners, confirmed the verbal order of the double bench. \"The members concerned can cast their vote on the basis of the order, as it has been communicated to all concerned. Written order will follow,\" Bagaria said.Bagaria said that order has come with a rider that results for the posts in which winning margin would be less than 20 votes will not be declared. But the results for the posts where margin will be more than 20 will be declared. Elections are being held for 19 posts.\"Members concerned will cast their votes along with other members and their votes will be counted with the rest of the votes. There will be no separate voting and counting,\" clarified Bagaria.Petitioners' for the counsel said that he had argued before the bench for a stay over termination of membership by the assistant registrar firms and society on the basis that natural justice was not followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790626", "title": "Now, Rajasthan to pay interest on unused loan to Japan International Cooperation Agency", "text": "JAIPUR: Japan funding for the Rajasthan Forestry &amp; Biodiversity Project (RFBP) may have been delayed for less than three months but not a blade of grass has moved despite the project receiving funds for over one year. The project on afforestation was signed in June 2011 with the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) but till date it has not been inaugurated by the state government.As a result, instead of availing the Japanese funding for ecological betterment, now the state would have to pay to JICA, 0.10% commitment charge calculated on prorated daily basis on the unused amount. So far, out of the loan agreement Rs 1,152.53 crore, not a penny has been used in this financial year and only Rs 85 lakh was spent in the last financial year. The Japanese Official Development Assistance (ODA) loan according to the contract signed was for a term of 40 years at an interest rate of 0.65% to be re-paid with a moratorium of 10 years.\"Japanese ODA loans are made possible by using the public funds in Japan. In order to promote early realisation of the project and to increase the incentive of implementing the project within the set date for projects pledged after October 2007, commitment charge will be accrued from 120 days after signing of the loan agreement. If the loan agreement is not effectuated within 120 days from the signing date, the commitment charge accrued up until the date the agreement comes into effect should be retroactively paid on the date of the first repayment under the loan agreement,\" the JICA loan agreement reads.While the RFBP phase I was implemented by the forest department, phase II of the project with an outlay of Rs 1,152.53 crore was to be implemented under the society mode. The phase II was also to be implemented in accordance with the JICA principle was by first establishing a project management unit (PMU) as an independent autonomous society for the exclusive implementation of the project as per the provisions of Society Registration Act 1958. But till date, no PMU is set up.\"That is precisely the problem. This project had to be implemented with the help of local committees and NGOs. And where is the government interested in empowering the grassroots?\" a source rued. According to the detailed implementation report, the forest department has to by now hired a project management consultant, finished selecting batch II of the target village, finished advance work in afforestation, finished training of NGOs, village level workers, but all that is only on paper.\"With a focus on the Millennium Development Goals, micro-planning for the project was to be carried out at the village level involving local communities from the beginning. This was to work towards securing community participation and ensuring their active involvement in the development of forest and community land, but all that is not even thought about,\" the source said.The RFBP was to be implemented during an eight-year period from 2011 to 2019 financial assistance of the Japan Bank for International Corporation (JBIC). The project was to be launched with objectives of restoring ecological status of Aravallis, conserve biodiversity, check desertification, improve moisture and protect infrastructure in the desert areas. It was also aimed at providing fuel/fodder grass, timber and non-timber forest products along with employment generation in the rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15783048", "title": "Techie fights discom on system flaws", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Harish Menon had first lodged a complaint regarding his 'inflated' bill, he had no inkling of the ordeal that he would have to go through. Like many in the city, he, too, thought privatization of power would ensure quick reaction. He was wrong. Today, two years have elapsed, yet Menon is still running from pillar to post.In July 2010, Menon (36), a software engineer based in Mayur Vihar, received the bill and decided to file a complaint with BSES. \"The customer care head assured to look into my complaint. I decided to wait for her response before paying the bill,\" said Menon. However, Menon's service was disconnected without prior notice on August 26, 2010. This forced him to approach BSES directly.\"August 30 was the date mentioned in the notice for power disconnection. I drew the attention of senior BSES Yamuna officers to this, and consequently, I was sent a revised notice a month later with a revised date of August 21,\" said Menon.All throughout, the discom maintained that it had sent the notice via Speedpost before disconnecting Menon's supply. But when he checked the postal reference number before the Public Grievances Commission, it was found to be \"invalid\".Suspecting foul play, Menon, in October 2010, filed a case with PGC to prove his point. In July 2011, the PGC gave a ruling in his favour, directing the CEO of BSES Yamuna to initiate an inquiry into the case and take action against the errant officials. \"The complainant (Menon) appears to have been harassed on the account of the disconnection of his electricity before the last date for payment and as such he is pursuing this matter to ensure that such mischief is not played in future upon any consumer,\" said the nodal officer of PGC.The discom was also asked to render an apology to Menon. But even after a year, Menon is still to hear from the discom. Responding to a TOI query, BSES said it's an old case. \"An internal probe was undertaken and it was observed that the processes had been followed in the case,\" a BSES official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15815056", "title": "Excess weight ups breast cancer recurrence risk", "text": "Obese and overweight women may face increased risk of recurrence of the most common type of breast cancer despite optimal cancer treatment, according to a new study.The study's results suggest that extra body fat causes hormonal changes and inflammation that may drive some cases of breast cancer to spread and recur despite treatment.Women who are obese when they are diagnosed with breast cancer have an increased risk of dying prematurely compared with women of normal weight.In this new study, Joseph Sparano, MD, of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine's Montefiore Medical Center , in Bronx, NY, and his colleagues across the US cancer cooperative groups compared the health outcomes of obese and overweight patients with others in a large group of women with stage I-III breast cancer who had participated in three National Cancer Institute-sponsored treatment trials led by the Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (now part of the ECOG-ACRIN Cancer Research Group).All of the trials (E1199, E5188, and E3189) required participants to have normal heart , kidney, liver, and bone marrow function, thereby excluding patients with other significant health issues. As a result, researchers were able to disentangle the influence of obesity from other factors affecting cancer recurrence and survival.The researchers found that increasing body mass index\u2014a measure of the body's fat content\u2014significantly increased women's risk of cancer recurrence and death, despite optimal treatment including chemotherapy and hormonal therapy.There was a stepwise relationship between increasing body mass index and poor outcomes only in women with hormone receptor-positive breast cancer, the most common type of breast cancer that accounts for approximately two-thirds of all breast cancer cases in the United States and worldwide.\"We found that obesity at diagnosis of breast cancer is associated with about a 30 percent higher risk of recurrence and a nearly 50 percent higher risk of death despite optimal treatment,\" said Dr. Sparano.\"Treatment strategies aimed at interfering with hormonal changes and inflammation caused by obesity may help reduce the risk of recurrence,\" he added.The results were published early online in CANCER, a peer-reviewed journal of the American Cancer Society .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15796118", "title": "I revel in new challenges, says Trevor Bayliss", "text": "COLOMBO: Trevor Bayliss has an enviable record. He succeeded Tom Moody as the Sri Lanka coach and led them to the 2011 World Cup final where they ended as runners-up to India.He won the inaugural Big Bash title with Sydney Sixers and took a struggling Kolkata Knight Riders to their maiden IPL title. The genial Aussie is on the verge of a hat-trick as his team Wayamba United has reached the semifinals of the Sri Lanka Premier League and are the overwhelming favourites for the crown.Excerpts from an interview:Wayamba's success owes a lot to Mohd Hafeez and Umar Akmal . Won't their departure make a difference?Not necessarily the balance , but certainly the team would miss their experience. Talented as the youngsters are, they cannot replace the international experience of Hafeez and Akmal brothers. Conversely though, the local players are well conversant of the conditions here. So I am still very confident.You have been pretty successful as a coach. What is it that you do differently?It's not me who won the title , it's the players. I have been lucky to have some pretty talented cricketers at my disposal . Apart from the technical side of things, which is obviously important, I've tried to create the right environment , a happy environment for the players to perform - be it Big Bash, SLPL or the IPL \u2014 so that it frees their minds and enables them to focus on the job. Both individually and as a team.Akila is being touted as the next big thing. Is he another mystery spinner?Akila is different from someone like Sunil Narine or Ajantha Mendis. He is a bit more conventional in that he doesn't have a mystery ball but relies on all the variations. He can bowl the wrong-uns and the flipper and also off-spinning variations. For one so young, he's very accurate and seems to have a very good head on his shoulders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15785686", "title": "AIIMS pioneers computer-aided hip replacement", "text": "NEW DELHI: For patients requiring hip replacement surgery, there is good news. The All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) has become the first centre in the country to introduce computer assisted total hip replacement which, doctors claim, is more accurate than the conventional surgery and reduces the risk of any complexities in future, for example the risk of dislocation.\"Primary osteoarthritis , road traffic accidents, loss of blood supply to hip mostly due to alcohol or steroids use and ankylosing spondylitis - all culprits for hip joint damage can be handled better using the new technique,\" said Dr Rajesh Malhotra, professor, department of orthopedics at AIIMS. He said that the first live surgery will be conducted on Saturday.\"In this technique, special instruments with trackers fitted over them are used. The tracker - which is like a small metal ball - is connected to the computer and it guides the operating surgeon to conduct procedures at precise angles,\" he said.Experts from Germany, he added, have arrived to oversee the demonstration and training. More than 65,000 total hip replacement procedures are performed annually in India. Doctors say most of the patients needing hip replacement in India are young with the great risk of one or more revision surgeries in future. \"It is absolutely mandatory in these patients that joint replacement be performed most accurately (and hence the use of computer navigation) and should spare soft tissues and bone and preserve them in case of a need for revision in future,\" said another senior orthopedic surgeon at the institute. AIIMS has been using computer assisted navigation technique for total knee replacement, spine surgery and trauma cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15794169", "title": "\u2018United\u2019 Congress will hold Big 10 yatra", "text": "BANGALORE: The Congress in Karnataka is chanting the 'collective leadership' and 'social justice' mantra to see the party through in the battle of the ballot to be held in May next year.It now plans to hold a Dashashwamedh Yatra (literally meaning a convoy of 10 sacrificial horses), comprising 10 senior leaders from the state. to push its agenda of collective leadership. In 1999, the Panchajanya (five leaders) yatra led by SM Krishna resulted in a landslide victory for the party, enabling the former to form the government.In 2003, Krishna's padayatra to Mandya at the height of the Cauvery controversy did strike an emotional chord with the electorate. Not to forget the Janaspandana in October 2003, his government's yatra to celebrate four years in office , where it received 9,601 petitions.Though Krishna attempted a similar exercise in the 2004 assembly elections with his 'Vijay Dundubhi Yatra' (trumpeting your victory), he failed to make a comeback, thanks to strong anti-incumbency . \"Ten senior leaders will be chosen based on principles of social justice to coordinate and lead the election campaign with the support of local netas,\" said a leader, who was part of a meeting in New Delhi on Friday.Union minister Mallikarjun Kharge was reportedly not impressed with these strategies as he felt it was too early to decide on such matters. Quoting a Urdu saying, he said: \"Bakrid mein bacha to Moharrum mein nach sakta hai (only if a goat survives the Bakrid sacrifice, can it dance during Moharrum)\".Campaign aspirantsThose who intend to lead the poll campaign are SM Krishna, Veerappa Moily, KH Muniyappa , Mallikarjuna M Kharge , Jaffer Sharif, N Dharam Singh , Siddaramaiah , G Parmeshwara, Shamanur Shivashankarappa, DK Shivakumar, RV Deshpande, C Motamma, Rani Satish, Roshan Baig.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15793717", "title": "Roads lead to misery in Kotiling Nagar, Shambhagi Layout", "text": "HUBLI: People of Kotiling Nagar and Shambhagi Layout in the city are living in abysmal condition in the absence of basic amenities like proper roads and streetlights in the area.Choked gutters overflow during rain, so people are at a loss to differentiate between a road and a gutter. Once they step out of their houses, they have to wade through knee-deep water. Even a small rain fills potholes on the roads, making it risky for people to use the roads.Both the areas are close to Hubli Airport on Gokul road. Many people have built their houses here, residents being officers, businessmen and teachers among others. However, the area has not seen any improvement for years.Speaking to TOI, Parashuram Habib, a businessman of Kotiling Nagar said life becomes miserable for residents during rain due to mud roads and big potholes. Though the residents, through Kotiling Nagar Hitabhivruddi Sangha, has submitted memoranda to the authorities, no action has been taken to relieve residents of their miseries.Padma Tavanappanavar of Shambhagi colony said that the drain water flows on the roads in the absence of gutters and the corporation has not yet provided any roads and gutters to the area for more than a decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15797408", "title": "Sunday closure of generic drug stores a problem for people", "text": "RANCHI: Generic drug stores which were inaugurated Sadar hospital and Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) four days back remained closed on Sunday due to staff crunch. Many people faced problems in availing the medicines.Roshanlal was passing by that lane when he stopped to get medicine for his child and went back in a depressed mood. \"My child was not well and I was just passing by this road so I thought to get the medicine from here itself. But the doors are closed and now I don't have any option but to go to regular medical shops and get those costly branded medicine from a general medical shop.\"Director of RIMS Tulsi Mahato, however, defended the closure of the shop. \"The shops will remain close on Sundays. This is just at an initial stage as the scheme is to provide cost effective medicines to the common people. People shouldn't face any problem as work earlier was also done and even now will be done by the general medical stores. Such shops have opened today and before their opening people used to manage somehow. Apart from this there is also staff crunch and availability of medicines is also an issue which until it gets worked out properly the shops will remain close on Sundays and open only on working days.\"Civil surgeon AK Chaudhary accepted that staff crunch is the major problem which they are facing due to which they have decided to close the shops on Sundays.\"The staff is a major problem which we are facing due to which it has become difficult to run the generic stores on a daily basis. Even on weekdays also we open the stores during OPD timings from 9-4 pm. With time maybe when we will recruit some more people then only we can run them whole week in a more proper manner and then people can easily avail them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "15794220", "title": "\u2018Social responsibility can solve water woes\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: Depleting water table in Gurgaon, leaving behind issues as power shortage and labour unrest, is the most worrying concern for the Haryana government, says Congress MP Deepender Hooda. Gurgaon has had its worst summer this year as the residents grappled with a peaking power demand of 200 lakh units and 80 MGD of water supply. \"Power remains an issue but I don't think it's the biggest issue. Not even law and order. The bigger challenge for us in Gurgaon is tackling the water crisis. Unfortunately, this year's summer was bad, that compounded the situation,\" said Hooda.The MP from Rohtak believes that the problem is so big that it would not be possible for the government to tackle it alone and it needed support from civil society.\"People should be responsible and do its bit wholeheartedly to conserve water. People's support is a must,\" said Hooda.\"Transporting water from other cities is not the solution. Laws already exist and recently even the high court has issued directions. The solution is the social responsibility by the leading indutrialists and communities. There has to be a non-political movement by social groups and residents welfare,\" said Hooda.According to the department of town and country planning (DTCP), there are about 1,33,900 sanctioned water connections in Gurgaon, including 29,942 connections in the old town.The water shortage in the city has fluctuated between as low as 30MGD to as high as 40MGD. A month ago, the demand had shot up so high that Punjab and Haryana high court, in its July 16 order, had to completely prohibit the use of groundwater for any new construction in Gurgaon.The HC, through another order on July 24, has already made it mandatory for all Gurgaon houses with more than 100-square-metre covered area each to have a rainwater harvesting system. The city's groundwater reserves have already touched the red zone due to unchecked use. According to the Groundwater Cell department, the water table had plummeted in July-August by a further 90cm to 1 metre, making its availability a serious concern.To tide over this crisis and also in the wake of the recent high court order banning use of underground water for construction work, HUDA has now decided to supply them treated sewage water for the purpose. \"Nearly 98MGD sewage that is produced in the city can be converted into water. However, these steps need much more investment. Rainwater harvesting systems are a shorter and much more viable route,\" said a senior official at HUDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15797415", "title": "All under control in Southern Air Space", "text": "CHENNAI: Anxiety attacks and the constant stress of being responsible for the safety of aircraft are a thing of the past at Chennai airport's Air Traffic Control (ATC) room. The recent introduction of technology to integrate control of southern air space and the Chennai zone has streamlined the ATC operations.Not long ago, fatigued controllers who sometimes worked seven days a week had to shout instructions to pilots over erratic very high frequency (VHF) network radios. They would have to rush to the next cabin to send an alert in case of an air pocket or make telephone calls to smaller airports which do not have radios.By contrast, the ATC now operates calmly and efficiently with 40 controllers in each shift instead of the earlier 47, who handle more flights across south India with greater safety. A senior ATC official said the recent change made it possible for passengers and airlines to travel with enhanced security and shorter flying time. \"The changes have made the job less fatigue-inducing and we have been relieved from week-long work schedule,\" he said. The number of shifts has increased from four to five and the technology allows the ATC to function with fewer controllers in a shift. \"We are now able to control flight movements with more efficiency and accuracy,\" the ATC official said.All of the airspace in south India is now controlled by the Chennai ATC, in a single-window system that allows for more pinpoint navigation. Airspace earlier under separate ATCs in Hyderabad, Mangalore, Thiruvananthapuram and Bangalore are now under Chennai. The ATC in the city has around 225 controllers now, almost twice as many as in 2002.\"The integrated system helps us communicate with pilots better. We can alert them about bad weather and coordinate with other airports with ease,\" a controller said.However, an inadequate number of taxiways still poses a problem at the Chennai airport. \"Lack of a rapid exit taxiway and a single runway for landing and takeoff restricts operations to 24 flights per hour,\" a senior ATC official said. The Delhi airport, with two runways and rapid exits, can handle up to 50 flights per hour.ATC officials have also asked for the Remote Controlled Air Ground System to be installed immediately in the southern region. \"VHF coverage remains a risk in the Trichy, Thiruvananthapuram and Vizag airports. Setting up an RCAG is the only solution in these areas because the VHF coverage there is weak and erratic,\" a senior controller said. The two-hour closure of the main runway for maintenance twice a week is another bottleneck for flights in the Chennai airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15786277", "title": "Armstrong: From moon to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: On October 26, 1969, a sultry Sunday in Mumbai, one million Mumbaikars sacrified their siesta, braved the hot afternoon sun and turned up on the streets to wave to the first man to step on the moon, Neil Armstrong , and his crew mates, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins of the historic Apollo 11 mission. Unknown to many today is the fact that Armstrong, who died on Saturday, enjoyed a brief tryst with Mumbai. He visited the city in October 1969 and November 1995 and interacted with citizens.In October 1969, Armstrong and his team arrived in Mumbai, the 19th stop in their global tour, as official representatives of US President Richard Nixon to demonstrate the willingness of the US to share its space knowledge and achievements with all nations. They were in Mumbai as guests of the government of India.The Nixon administration favoured Mumbai over New Delhi for their visit, which reportedly upset the then PM, Indira Gandhi. A special White House jet touched down at Mumbai airport at 2.45pm on October 26 and the trio, led by Armstrong, was greeted by former US ambassador to India, Kenneth Keating. What was then a single airport terminal at Santa Cruz was packed with more than 20,000 enthusiasts.They travelled in an open vehicle from the airport to the heart of Mumbai, passing through Mahim, Prabhadevi, Worli naka, Haji Ali, Kemps Corner, Chowpatty, Marine Drive and Azad Maidan before reaching the Taj Mahal hotel. Throughout the 20-km route there were welcome arches saying \"Bombay welcomes the moon landers\". As the motorcade passed, millions waved to the trio and many even tried to touch them.Armstrong, otherwise a very private individual, smiled and responded enthusiastically by waving his hands. Among the millions who stood patiently that hot October afternoon to greet the moon heroes at the Mahalakshmi temple junction was the father of the Indian nuclear bomb, Raja Ramanna, with his daughter, Nirupa.Later that evening, Ramanna formally met Armstrong at the Tata Institute of Fundemental Research, where the latter presented a signed picture to the institute. Vikram Sarabhai, the then chairman of the atomic energy commission, presented Armstrong with a model of an elephant. Armstrong briefly returned to the city in November 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15817786", "title": "Onam celebrations: Flower prices surge on eve of the festival", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: On the eve of Kerala's biggest festival Onam, prices of flowers have shot up as making floral carpets is the most striking feature of the harvest festival.Kerala depends largely on neighbouring states like Tamil Nadu for flowers such as gomphrena ('Vadamalli' in local parlance), crossandra (Kanakambaram), marigold (jamanthi), chrysanthemum (arali) besides, rose and jasmine which are on high demand during Onam.Local vendors here bring them from Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh according to demand.\"The all round inflation does not spare flowers as well. Like vegetables, fruits and even basic provisions, flowers are also brought from production centres in other states\", a florist at the Chalai market here told PTI.Generally 'Vadamalli' and jamanthi (both yellow and orange shades) were the costliest in Onam seasons as they were inevitable for making traditional 'pookkalams', (floral carpets) they said.\"'Arali' and rose are available for prices ranging between Rs 80-200 per kg. 'Vadamalli' and 'jamanthi' will cost between Rs 160-250,\" Unni, a leading florist, said.To use 'jasmine' in floral carpets would end up just a dream for commoners this season as it costs Rs 600-800 in many places, he said.Traders here mostly bring flowers mainly from Thovalai in Kanyakumari district of Tamil Nadu, where a wide variety of flowers are cultivated on commercial scale.It is an age-old custom of Kerala to lay 'floral carpets' in front of homes to welcome their mythical king Mahabali.Not only homes, but schools, colleges, offices and other public places would also be decorated with floral carpets as part of the community festivity.Local art clubs also organise competitions in floral carpeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15785931", "title": "Construction worker held for twin murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old man was arrested from Kumbakonam on Sunday night in connection with twin murders that took place at a construction site in Sowripalayam on August 19.Police said the detained man has been identified as Chinnamani (30). A special team of city police probing the twin murder case camped at Kumbakonam and conducted a check at Chinnamani's relative R Anand's house at Mathulampettai in Kumbakonam on Saturday. During the check, the team found a bag containing 26 gelatin sticks, one kg of gunpowder, one pipe bomb, 25 detonator sticks and two remote controls. On interrogation, Anand said Chinnamani had kept the bag at his house and left.The special team nabbed Anand and his father Rajendran on Saturday and handed them over to Kumbakonam police. The team grilled Anand on the whereabouts of Chinnamani. Meanwhile, Thanjavur district police formed five special teams after receiving a tip-off that Chinnamani was hiding in the district.Sources said a special team of Thanjavur police arrested Chinnamani on Sunday night. The city police have planned to bring him to Coimbatore in connection with the twin murder case.On August 19, Chinnamani, a construction worker, brutally murdered two security guards, D Elango and K Ramasamy, by smashing their heads with a stone at a construction site in Sowripalayam.Meanwhile, the police are also on the hunt for two youths who murdered an elderly woman on August 21 at her house in Flower Market. The duo snatched 20 sovereigns of gold jewellery from the woman.\"We have got vital clues and the investigation is on. We will arrest the culprits soon,\" said A K Viswanathan, city police commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15790154", "title": "Onam treat awaits tourists in Kumbalanghi", "text": "KOCHI: The five-day Onam celebration at the Kumbalanghi model tourism village started on Sunday and is giving a unique experience to both domestic and foreign tourists.The celebrations are being organized by Kumbalanghi Model Tourism Society (KMTS) in association with the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC).Dominic Presentation, MLA, inaugurated the celebration at the Kumbalanghi Park. An exhibition of photographs by V B Leenachan was organized on the first day. More than 100 photographs, portraying the life of villagers in Kumbalanghi, foreign tourists, and major tourist attractions, were exhibited.\"Tourists will get an opportunity to be part of the team that prepares traditional delicacies. With the help of the locals, foreigners will prepare 'palpayasam' using the pokkali rice that is being cultivated in Kumbalanghi,\" said president KMTS, M P Sivadathan.The celebrations will conclude on August 30.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth, film director Rosshan Andrews and other dignitaries are expected to take part in the valedictory function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788418", "title": "Cops fume over low salary, heavy workload", "text": "KOLKATA: The suicide of Kolkata Police sub-inspector Kartik Chatterjee once again exposed the grievances of junior officers of the city police force over work condition and pay scale.The subordinate officers, mainly the sub-inspectors, are considered as the main pillar of policing in present hierarchy. But surprisingly, despite many fold increase in work pressure, junior officers in the state remained lowest paid cops in the country.\"Due to acute shortage of officers, our work load is much higher than other state police. Despite such pressure, we are deprived of allowances and leaves what other state police officers are getting,\" said an officer.According to present status, a state police sub-inspector gets paid as per Scale 10 of the Fifth Pay Commission. On an average, a fresh recruit gets around Rs 20,000 after joining the job. And they don't get any promotion before 20 years of service.\"After 16 years of service, a state police officer gets at least Rs 15,000 less than his counterparts in other states,\" said an officer. Officers in other states also get paid as per the Sixth Pay Commission.Officers complained that they have been demanding the revision of pay as per their work load and responsibilities for long. In 2009, the state finance ministry prepared a report on Revision of Pay and Allowances. In its report, the committee admitted that the state police were getting much less than other police officers and they need a revision of pay. The committee also recommended to revise the scale as per Scale 13 of the Fifth Pay Commission. Then finance minister Asim Dasgupta assured to start the revised scale but it did not happen in the past three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15779818", "title": "'Changing Bihar' needs latest info on AIDS", "text": "PATNA: \"If you're HIV positive, roadside chaat is definitely not for you,\" says Usha Devi, firmly. \"If anyone in my family is HIV positive, we'll make sure that she drinks boiled water and plenty of it. Even if she looks healthy, she must be protected from any chance of infection,\" she added.Usha Devi isn't a doctor, just a neo-literate woman from a village in Purnia. But thanks to a collaborative effort of some NGOs in Bihar, she's equipped with enough basic knowledge and confidence to help HIV positive people and their families battle discrimination.Some 35 women, all grassroots workers with the Bihar Mahila Samakhya Society, attended a training programme conducted by the local Sambad 0612- 275757Helpline, Bihar's only HIV-AIDS counselling service in English, Hindi, Bhojpuri, Maithili, and Patna dialect.\"Don't hit us with information on how AIDS is acquired. We know that. Tell us what to do when someone has AIDS, how to handle it and how to help,\" echoed 25-year-old Suman Kumari from Supaul. \"We want to know where to get tested, where to get medicines, how to treat these patients at home where there is no hospital,\" she said.HIV and AIDS is no longer a remote exotic disease for Bihar's villages and towns. Every day government and private labs handle hundreds of HIV tests and, as a technician from the Kurji Holy Family Hospital (KHFH) put it, \"Every week, there's bound to be one or two HIV positive result in the blood samples tested. It's not something rare, like a decade ago. There's more testing, there's more awareness.\"Shantwana Bharti, who looks after women's legal affairs at Mahila Samakhya, said, \"Every block in Bihar has 20-30 persons who are locally known to be infected. So, it is all the more important how to tell the people to manage HIV and AIDS, because it is ignorance that breeds fear. And this fear leads to violence or the expulsion of the affected person.\"Nineteen-year-old Shruti Sinha insisted that she as well as her would-be husband should be tested for HIV. \"My parents were shocked. They felt really embarrassed to bring such a subject to the guy's family,\" she said. On her insistence, the boy agreed that it was the sensible thing to do. Imagine her distress when the results showed that it was Shruti, and not the boy, who was HIV positive. Two years before, Shruti had undergone a blood transfusion at a private clinic. Her AB negative group was rare. So the blood was 'arranged'. The clinic claimed that the blood was 'tested'. \"The test shattered my dreams. I wanted to sue the clinic. Here, the legal process is complicated. I was shattered and angry,\" she said.Her parents were traumatized. \"What we need is information on how to live with HIV, not just how to prevent it,\" she says. Her father spent lots of money on 'Ayurvedic treatment' for HIV. It was only after a prolonged discussion with AIDS counsellors that he realized that such 'medicines' were no substitute for the antiretroviral therapy (ART).Shruti is gainfully employed at a call centre in Patna, but she still remains 'in the closet'. \"The poor cannot afford to buy ART from private sources. They need a dependable supply, and the supply is often erratic. ART is a complicated regimen and the medicines have to be administered strictly according to time. It is better the family learn how to prolong the 'good health' window of an infected person by simple and balanced diet and avoiding any chance for infection,\" says Sister Francina, who runs a community care centre for AIDS patients on the KHFH campus.Bihar is changing, but where's the change in attitude? That's what Shalini, a IInd-year student of JD Women's College asks. The AIDS education programmes are of 1990s vintage. The ground reality has changed, point out experts. For example, the myth about HIV infection from a used razor has long been smashed, because the virus is too fragile to survive outside its medium for more than a few seconds. But people are still told that you can get HIV through 'infected blades'.Bihar State Aids Control Society needs to tune up. \"We need proper access to the ART and more community care centres, not just the so-called Behaviour Change and Information Education Communication. Government must ensure safe blood products, and close illegal blood banks. We need doctors who are supportive, sensitive, and knowledgeable. Many government doctors aren't updated on the latest information. This can be seen from the way they shun HIV positive patients. We need to talk about care, support and life rather than repeat the same tired slogan, 'AIDS kills'. Young people don't pay attention to the same old messages,\" says Sanjeet Singh, an active member of the Bihar Network of Positive People.Says Anshuman, a psychology (hons) student of AN College, \"Times are changing. India now belongs to people under-30. That's the reality of life. Lifestyle has changed. Condoms and HIV management are parts of life. No use trying to turn the clock back by banning this and stopping that. It's time to deal with it.\"(Some names of women have been changed to protect their identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15806797", "title": "PM to make statement on coal block allocation in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will make a statement on coal block allocation in Parliament on Monday in the wake of the CAG report, which has been used by opposition to attack him.Manmohan Singh will make the statement in both the Houses, government sources said.The Prime Minister, who is under attack over the allocation during 2005-2009 when he held the coal portfolio, has been waiting to make a statement since last week but could not do so because of disruption caused by opposition, mainly BJP.He is expected to rebut charges levelled in the CAG report contending that there were \"inaccuracies\" in the \"misleading\" assessment of loss of Rs 1.85 lakh crore, sources said.The thrust of the PM's response is likely to be that Chhattisgarh, West Bengal, Rajasthan, Odisha and Jharkhand, all ruled by non-UPA governments, had opposed in 2005 the Centre's move to bring a legislation on auction process.The delay in coal block allocation was one of the charges made by the CAG.Singh had last week said that he \"can give satisfactory answers to all issues being raised\".Contesting the CAG's contention that private firms gained to the tune of Rs 1.85 lakh crore in coal block allocation between 2005 and 2009, Singh is expected to assert that it reflects \"inaccuracies\" in the report.The Prime Minister is expected to say that the CAG has computed on the basis of allocation of 57 mines but out of these, 31 coal blocks belong to the period prior to 2006.He will assert that the amount of loss projected by CAG was \"misleading\" as calculations had been done on the basis of Coal India prices and private players have different cost parameters, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15794688", "title": "Navy\u2019s critical requirement for Israeli Barak missiles stalled due to CBI case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry has virtually shot down a renewed bid by the Navy to get additional supplies of missiles to arm the Israeli Barak-I anti-missile defence (AMD) systems fitted on 14 frontline warships, including solitary aircraft carrier INS Viraat and three new Shivalik-class stealth frigates.While the MoD led by defence minister AK Antony accepted the \"critical operational urgency'' for acquiring the 262 Barak-I missiles at a cost of over $140 million, it indicated last week that its hands were tied due to the pending CBI investigation into the infamous Barak kickbacks case, sources said.\"Legal opinion obtained from the law ministry and the solicitor general holds that the fresh procurement case should not be progressed for the cabinet committee on security till the CBI probe is complete,'' said a source.But with the CBI investigation failing to reach anywhere in the last six years, a desperate Navy may now be forced to make a case for seeking fresh legal opinion. Confronted with a critical shortfall in the missile reserve stocks, the Navy has been forced to curtail even practice firings of the Barak-I AMD systems integrated into the 14 warships as part of their \"combat management systems''.\"In the current political situation and scams swirling all around, nobody wants to stick his neck out even if inaction adversely impacts national security needs,'' said an insider. There are fears the Bofors howitzer scandal of the late-1980s, which completely derailed the Army's entire artillery modernisation programme from which it is yet to recover, is being repeated yet again.Much like the Bofor guns which proved their worth during the 1999 Kargil conflict, the Navy swears by the Barak-I systems that act as \"close-in point defence systems'' for warships to intercept incoming sea-skimming missiles with \"pin-point accuracy'' at a 9-km range.The recent Naresh Chandra Committee report, incidentally, has also held there is a need to relook at the entire process of cancelling arms contracts or blacklisting defence firms since they can prove counter-productive to the nation's security.Interestingly enough, it was the NDA regime that had inked the initial Rs 1,160 crore deal for nine Barak-I AMD systems, along with 200 missiles worth Rs 350 crore, from Israeli Aerospace Industries (IAI) and Rafael in October 2000. This was considered necessary to counter Pakistan's acquisition of sea-skimming Exocet and Harpoon missiles after the indigenous Trishul AMD system failed to become operational.Subsequently, under the UPA-I government in October 2006, the CBI registered the FIR in the Barak kickbacks case to name former defence minister George Fernandes , his party associates Jaya Jaitely and RK Jain, alleged arms dealer Suresh Nanda and former Navy chief Admiral Sushil Kumar among the accused.While the probe lingers, India is also now in the final stages of developing long-range surface-to-air (LR-SAM) and medium-range SAM systems in collaboration with IAI. While the LR-SAM project to arm naval warships is worth Rs 2,606 crore, the MR-SAM one for IAF is pegged Rs 10,076 crore. With effective interception ranges of 70-km each, their deliveries will begin from 2013 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15820707", "title": "Sudeep's Eega completes 50 days run on big screen", "text": "Kiccha Sudeep's Telugu film 'Eega' and its Tamil version 'Naan Ee' directed by S S Rajamouli has completed 50 days run on 24th August. Eega has turned out to be the biggest blockbuster in the Telugu film industry enhancing the brand status of Rajamouli who never tasted failure so far in his ten film career.It has also strengthened Kiccha Sudeep's hold on the Telugu audience now and already many fan associations for the actor has started in Andhra Pradesh. But what is more interesting is that Rajamouli and Kiccha Sudeep have scored a big success in Tamil Nadu too. Naan Ee , the Tamil original version of Eega has now turned out to be a big block buster in Tamil Nadu and abroad.Today, Naan Ee has collected approximately Rs 25 Crores in Tamil Nadu making it one of biggest hits in Tamil this year. Kiccha Sudeep went to Chennai to participate in the promotional activities of the film and has now become the most sought out actor for the Tamil film industry.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15785396", "title": "Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta student to conduct study on MP clinical trials", "text": "INDORE: A student of Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta (IIM-C) is all set to undertake a research on the clinical drug trials that have put into question mark the functioning of medical fraternity and regulatory authorities.Research scholar, Apoorv Khare intends to do a thesis on clinical drug trials in the country, especially in Madhya Pradesh, and its various aspects including regulatory procedures, current business practices, patients and organization representing the patients.Talking to TOI, he said, \"I have been closely watching the developments on the issue since long. During my work, I decided to choose it as a topic of research. It is an issue related to consumers and also involves other related issues. So, I am looking forward to it. Though it is too early, I will do comprehensive research on the topic.\"To learn about the effect of drugs trials on patients, Khare, has approached a local health activist who had joined the movement against the unethical drug trials and the regulation of clinical drug trials in the country. \"Clinical drug trials is an international issue thoroughly covered by media. Indore has been continuously named for unethical trials and local activists have in-depth knowledge on the topic. They could be of great help,\" said Khare. Khare is likely to visit Indore in October-November to interact with the patients, doctors and activists to understand various aspects and intricacies related to testing of drugs on humans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15781817", "title": "Minor blast in Mira Road shop sparks panic in area", "text": "MUMBAI: An explosion in a grocery shop at Naya Nagar in Mira Road, believed to have been caused due to a chemical or gas in the wee hours of Sunday, triggered panic in the locality. No one was injured.According to the Mira Road police, an explosion was heard at the KGN grocery shop at Narendra Park around 2am, igniting flames. Residents of the building woke up on hearing the sound of the blast. Personnel from the nearby Naya Nagar police chowky and fire brigade rushed to the shop, which had a huge stock of kerosene and oil in the passage outside. The fire brigade, which gained entry into the shop by breaking the iron gates and shutters, managed to contain the blaze within 15 minutes. \"The explosion could have been due to some gas which got trapped,\" said additional superintendent of police, Thane Rural, Sangramsinh Nishandar.The shop owner, Yunus Mehtar (55), is a resident of Hydari chowk in Mira Road.The Thane rural police bomb disposal squad later carried out a thorough inspection of the spot. Samples of chemicals have been collected and sent for examination.Apart from damage to the ceiling fan and bulb, no major damage was caused to the shop, which was vacant at the time of the explosion. \"The impact of the explosion was minor,\" said Nishandar.News of the blast spread like fire, causing panic in the area. But Nishandar put to rest all rumours and said it was a minor explosion. He appealed to people not to believe in rumours. Fire brigade officials have not ruled out short-circuit in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15781994", "title": "Minister finds no time to visit areas with low rainfall", "text": "Wardha: Water supply minister Lakshman Dhobale, who was in Wardha to attend a programme of Matang community, admitted though he was aware of the low rainfall in the district he did not find time to visit the three tehsils that have not received more than 10 per cent rainfall this season.Addressing media persons after the programme, Dhobale said drought will be declared after the revenue officers submit the report. He also expressed surprise over use of faulty equipment for measuring rainfall in the district.There are 40 rain measurement equipment, installed in the district and more than Rs 20 lakh were invested but they are not functioning properly. The minister could simply show his concern but neither visited the spot nor recommended any inquiry if any failure has occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798552", "title": "Metro reaches out, says don\u2019t fear, work safe", "text": "CHENNAI: Work on the metro rail project has caused traffic diversions and vehicle snarls, the heavy machinery used wrecking roads and construction activity kicking dust in the faces of motorists with already frayed nerves. But Chennai Metro Rail Ltd (CMRL) has launched a public relations exercise, to reassure residents living close to the transit system's lines where work is progressing and allay fears that tunnelling poses a threat to the stability of their houses.Before starting tunnelling work in Shenoy Nagar, CMRL organised a public meeting at Shenoy Nagar Park to clarify doubts on the underground work, technology used, routes and cost of the project.\"We screened a documentary on tunnel boring machines (TBM) and how they work,\" a CMRL public relation official said. \"We wanted to dispel apprehensions that people may have on the safety of tunnelling work.\"The company first reached out to the public in February last year, before the construction started, to persuade people that the transit system would be extremely beneficial and make commuting in the city efficient and easy. \"We had to convince people, especially those whose land had to be acquired for the project, why the project was worth some sacrifices,\" the official said.When CMRL officials visited , they took residents of Asiad Colony in Thirumangalam by surprise. The locality was one of the first to be affected by metro work, with road diversions and traffic jams on roads that were earlier free of bottlenecks. \"Officials told us about the metro route and traffic diversions required for the work,\" said K Ratna Singh, president of Asiad Colony Residents Welfare Association . \"They also provided a parking facility at the station and distributed booklets with all the details.\"Officials say people started to react positively after they saw how briskly work was progressing . \"We have removed barricades and encroachments on the stretch from St. Thomas Mount to Koyambedu,\" said CMRL chief general manager (public relations) S Krishnamoorthy . \"There is much more space for vehicles now on Jawaharlal Nehru Road.\"The company has taken its PR online too, with its official Facebook page created some three months getting close to 7,500 likes. \"We provide regular updates on Facebook,\" said Inderjit Vasudevan Moorthy, who created the page. The company is also active on YouTube and Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795409", "title": "Talent hunt", "text": "The National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) invites applications from class X students for its national talent search exam.The National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) is going to conduct the national talent search examination for students studying in class X for the academic year 2013 of national talent search scheme. The idea behind conducting this test is to identify talented students and nurture them.According to Parvin Sinclair, director, NCERT, the scheme that covers areas like sciences, social sciences, engineering, medicine, management and law, helps students by providing financial assistance in the form of a monthly scholarship. For the courses in basic sciences, social sciences and commerce, this assistance is provided up to the PhD level. For the professional courses like engineering, medicine, management and law, this assistance will be provided only up to postgraduation.\"Some years ago, this exam used to be conducted for class X students, but then the pattern changed and it started being conducted for class VIII students. The exam will now again be conducted for class X students,\" says Sinclair.All students of class X studying in recognised schools are eligible to appear for the stage-I examination , conducted by the states/ UTs, in which the schools are located . There will be no domicile restriction. The pattern of written examination for class X will be:Stage-I examination at the state/UT level will comprise two parts \u2014 (a) mental ability test (MAT) and (b) scholastic aptitude test (SAT)Stage-II examination at the national level will comprise \u2014 (a) mental ability test (MAT) and (b) scholastic aptitude test (SAT).Both MAT and SAT will be of 90 minutes' duration and will carry maximum 100 marks. The qualifying marks are set at 40 and the two tests will have 90 questions each.On the basis of the exam, 1,000 scholarships will be awarded to students. The amount of scholarship will be Rs 500 per-month .15% scholarships will be reserved for students belonging to the SC category, 7.5% scholarships for students belonging to the ST category and 3% for differently-abled students.There will be a two-stage selection process for award of scholarship. For Stage-I , selection will be done by states/UTs through a written examination. Students who qualify stage-I , will be eligible to appear for the stage-II examination, conducted by NCERT.Students need to contact the state/UT liaison officer for procuring application forms. However, forms can also be downloaded from NCERT website www.ncert.nic.in.Results of the Stage-I examination will be announced by the respective state governments and union territories. Results of Stage-II examination will be announced by NCERT.Indian students studying abroad in class X can appear directly for Stage-II NTS examination under conditions prescribed in the NTS brochure, which is available on the NCERT website. Candidates may fill in the application form, available on the NCERT website and send to the undersigned (check website) along with a photocopy of the marksheet of the previous examination by March 31, 2013.-- Important DatesStage-I (state):Last date for submission of application form \u2014 August 31, 2012Stage-I (state):Examination in Mizoram, Meghalaya, Nagaland and Andaman and Nicobar Islands \u2014 November 17, 2012Stage-I (state):Examination in all other states and union territories \u2014 November 18, 2012Stage-II (National):Examination in all states and union territories \u2014 May 12, 2013", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798394", "title": "Conman escapes with Rs 15,000", "text": "CHENNAI: A man escaped with 15,000 from the employee of a grocery shop at a bank in Elephant Gate on Saturday.Police said the man approached Rajesh, 40, and asked him to help him with filling in a challan to deposit 50,000 in the bank. The man handed over a bag claiming to contain the cash and asked him to count it.Rajesh gave his cash to the man and told him to keep it with him while Rajesh counted the money. While Rajesh was filling up the form, the man fled the scene. Rajesh opened the bag and saw that there was only a bundle of white paper with two 500 notes in it. Based on a complaint at Elephant Gate police station and description provided by Rajesh, police are hunting for the man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15789463", "title": "Intach Hyderabad honours caretaker of Badeshahi Ashoor Khana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Appreciating the efforts of the caretaker in standing up to encroachers, Intach Hyderabad felicitated him with a certificate of appreciation on Sunday.The Badeshahi Ashoor Khana was rid of encroachments in December last year when the state archeology department and the police finally decided to act following high court directions. During the demolition activity some part of the caretaker's house was also damaged. Intach members said the caretaker Nawazish Ali Moosvi had persisted in the face of opposition from encroachers backed by local leaders. It was also learnt that encroachers made renewed attempts on Saturday outside the Ashoor Khana. But after the caretaker protested, the South Zone police posted some cops to prevent any untoward incident. Indicating that restoration efforts will soon be taken up, members of Intach said Rs 70 lakh was recently released under the 13th Finance Commission by the state government for taking up emergency repair works at the heritage site. The emergency funds will mainly be used for works in the main building that houses intricate Persian mosaic work. A restoration plan amounting to Rs 4.36 crore was drawn in 2009 which is touted to transform the Ashoor Khana into a tourist hotspot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15787531", "title": "District Bar Association website not updated for 8 years", "text": "LUDHIANA: While all institutions and organizations are getting high-tech, the district bar association's (DBA) website presents a dismal picture as the site has not been updated for the last eight years. And clearly the failure of DBA in updating the site continues to be a problem for public as well as advocates with the lack of the updated information.\"Now-a-days things have changed everywhere. Even police departments have websites, which are updated frequently, and where one can easily gather required information. In such a scenario, the website of the district bar association which has information only till 2008, is pathetic,\" said advocate Yogesh Dewan, a resident of Model Town.Advocate Harpreet Singh, a resident of Model Town Extension, said, \"A website of any organization is a gateway to the cyber world and the outdated ones for sure give a negative impression. Ideally, the website of the district bar association should have updated information regarding contact details of all advocates and office bearers. DBA could have gone a step further and made an interactive website where residents could get answers to some basic queries, but sadly it failed to meet even the basic requirements. Hope the DBA would work in a coordinated manner and update its website on a regular basis.\"Advocate Parvinder Singh, a resident of Urban Estate Dugri, Phase II said, \"An updated website is must for Ludhiana District Bar Association, as it is one of the biggest DBA of the state. Initially, they did create a website but it was left at that and no one bothered to update it. Sadly, the DBA failed to tap the advancement in technology for the convenience of advocates and residents.\"'Site leaves us clueless and helpless'While all institutions and organizations are getting high-tech, the district bar association's (DBA) website presents a dismal picture as it has not been updated for the last eight years.In absence of an updated website Anup Gupta, a resident of New Sarabha Nagar Extension, felt totally helpless once when he became the victim of cyber theft. Narrating the incident, he said, \"Recently I became a victim of cyber theft. Since the police did not know much about cyber law, I wanted to consult a cyber law expert advocates in city. However, when I surfed the DBA website I found that there was no information in it and the site was not updated since 2008. In absence of information, I was left clueless and helpless.\"Advocate Gurvinder Singh Sodhi, who is the general secretary of DBA, said, \"We will surely update the website and also make it user-friendly. The issue some how was not in my notice, but now I will see to it that it is done on priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15795310", "title": "For a fare ride: Panel rules out \u2018compensation\u2019 for traffic fines", "text": "MUMBAI: The Hakim committee report has opposed a demand by some auto and taxi unions to get \"compensation\" for fines paid to the traffic police every year.In their list of demands made before the panel, the unions had stated that each auto/taxi driver had to pay an average of Rs 6,000 per annum towards fines for trafficrelated offences. They had requested former Union secretary P M A Hakim to consider the amount in the formula for fixing fare hikes.\"Our drivers have to pay fines to cops for illegal parking . It goes from his pocket and should be treated as an expense. It should be a key factor in the fare hike formula,\" taxi union leader A L Quadros had told TOI two months ago. But the Hakim report stated: \"Some unions have stated that drivers are required to pay fairly hefty amounts as fines for alleged traffic offences such as parking vehicles at wrong places or sometimes for no offence at all. They pleaded that a provision for this should be included in the formula for fare revision as these amounts are eating into their income. This demand cannot be accepted in principle.\"He further stated: \"Such penalties are supposed to be levied only for traffic offences or violations of lawful instructions and are done in exercise of legitimate powers of the state. Trying to nullify the effect of a penalty imposed by one arm of the government (home department) by passing it on to the travelling public by another arm of the government (transport department) is not legally or morally tenable. It is certainly not fair to the passengers. The demand cannot be, therefore , accepted.\"Hakim directed unions to educate members about the \"grounds for levy of such penalty/fines and about ways to avoid such instances\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "islamabad/lahore", "code": "15806343", "title": "Pak PM appears in SC to face contempt charge", "text": "ISLAMABAD/LAHORE: Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf appeared in the Supreme Court on Monday to face contempt charge for not reopening graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari.Earlier, President Asif Ali Zardari , who is also the head of the PPP, decided that the premier would appear in court after a late Sunday night meeting with leaders of the ruling coalition, officials said.During the 90-minute meeting held at the presidency, law minister Farooq Naek briefed the leaders on the options available to the government to tackle court cases against the government.The PPP's allies advised the ruling party that it would be better for the premier to appear in court and avert any fresh confrontation with the judiciary, sources said.\"Accordingly, Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf would appear before the Supreme Court on Monday in response to the notice issued to him. It was further decided that as a demonstration of solidarity, the coalition partners will accompany the Prime Minister to the court room,\" said presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar .The coalition partners resolved to \"remain united in facing all the challenges confronting the government and the Prime Minister\", Babar said.The apex court has summoned Ashraf to appear on August 27 to face a contempt of court charge for refusing to revive graft cases against President Zardari in Switzerland .Ashraf's predecessor, Yousuf Raza Gilani , was convicted of contempt and disqualified by the apex court in June for refusing to reopen the cases against Zardari.Legal experts have said Ashraf could face the same fate as Gilani.During his appearance in court, Ashraf is expected to tell the judges that he has not committed any contempt as the PPP has taken a principled stance on not writing a letter to the Swiss authorities about reopening the graft cases against Zardari.The premier is also expected to tell the judges that he enjoys immunity under the Constitution for his actions and is not answerable to the courts.The apex court has been pressuring the PPP-led government to revive the cases against the President since December 2009, when it struck down a graft amnesty that benefited Zardari and over 8,000 others.The PPP has refused to act, saying the President enjoys immunity from prosecution in Pakistan and abroad.PPP leaders have also accused the judges of acting in a biased manner, saying the apex court has only focussed on Zardari and not the other beneficiaries of the graft amnesty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792808", "title": "Crucial caste census yet to take off in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the debate over reservation in promotion rages across the nation, both inside Parliament as well as outside, the ongoing socio-economic and caste-based survey assumes far more significance in the politically crucial state of Uttar Pradesh where ruling Samajwadi Party has crossed swords with most of the political parties on the issue of reservation in promotion to government officials belonging to the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.Delayed by almost a year due to reluctance shown by the Mayawati government, the survey was given a go-ahead by the Akhilesh Yadav government on June 15. But then no work could be carried out due to the civic polls, which prolonged till July. So practically, work on the survey resumed in August with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav being enumerated in their native Saifai village in Etawah.The survey for the entire state is set to be completed by the end of this year, according to principal secretary, rural development, Rajiv Kumar, who is also the nodal officer in charge for this mammoth exercise in the state.The data gathered this way may prove to be politically sensitive in future for policy makers in UP where people normally cast their votes for their castes.Already UP is at the centre of the current national debate on the reservation in promotion. A tipping point for this was provided by the Supreme Court, which though its order issued in April struck down the provision enacted for this purpose by the previous Mayawati regime. Further adding to the discomfiture of the BSP is the avid stand of the ruling SP, which has not only undone the above provision, but also thrown open the promotional avenues much to the relief of the non-SC/ST officials, who had been constantly knocking the doors of courts in search of justice against their subjugation in matter of promotion.The survey carried out at the behest of the nearly defunct Commission for Economically Backward Classes under the Union ministry of social justice, has emerged as a two-pronged strategy of the Congress-led UPA. First this is a strong rebuttal to Mayawati, who after coming to power in UP with the support of the upper castes choose to castigate the Centre for doing nothing for the people of upper castes especially those belonging to the economically backward classes. Secondly, the survey is seen as a political exigency on part of the Congress to stem another breach in its vote bank and gain its lost ground particularly in run up to the 2014 Lok Sabha election in UP, which continues to be top on the mission of Rahul Gandhi in spite of his flop show in the 2012 assembly poll.Although it is difficult to assess, as to how much the Congress would stand to gain by this, the survey is seen as an affirmative action by the party for the castes not covered by the reservation policy. As the survey widens the scope of BPL benefit to other than those already covered under the reservation policy at present, Mayawati is said to be opposed to the survey and this was why she did not allow it to happen in the state during her tenure.Though billed as the Socio-Economic and Caste Census (SECC), the survey is not technically a 'census' exercise, as it is not covered by the Census Act. However, it is carried out on a census framework. Thus questionnaire formed envisages to find out which sections are weaker and in need of social justice. The census will help formulate process in this direction as information will be gathered at the micro-level. The questionnaire format has two parts-one for residents of urban areas and the other for those living in rural areas. In the section on caste and tribes, the questionnaire includes a 'no caste/tribe' option for those who do not wish to indicate their caste or belong to religions without a caste system. For those of urban areas, the questionnaire would pose questions on 47 items, including ownerships of refrigerators, telephones, mobile phones, computers, laptops, motorised vehicles and washing machines etc. It also seeks details of property, assets, family members and ownership details, apart from questions on one's education profile, nature or work and source of income. The survey would also establish socio-economic conditions of families through information on marital status.As many as four lakh enumerators are required to do the job. At present round about one lakh enumerators are put on the job to conduct the first round of survey of rural areas. Data are to be collected on tablet/PC, which have been programmed compatible for this purpose. When asked to comment, Laxami Kant Shukla, special secretary, rural development said, \"The job of programming had been assigned to an IT company. After facing initial teething trouble, the work is now in progress satisfactorily in different places.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15794146", "title": "We wanted to make our last game together special, says B Aparajith", "text": "CHENNAI: Boys became men on Sunday in Townsville and Tamil Nadu allrounder B Aparajith once again played a crucial role, taking 1-31 and then scoring 33 during a 73-run second-wicket partnership with skipper Unmukt Chand . The 18 year-old was ecstatic, soaking in every moment of the triumph when TOI caught up with him. Excerpts..How does it feel to be World Cup winner?It's an amazing feeling, hard to describe really. Although it hasn't sunk in completely, it's like a dream come true. As team, it is the result of two years of hard work and preparation. The journey was not easy, we toiled hard and we finally accomplished what we set out to do.This is probably the last time this team played together. How emotional was it?We had discussed this before the game. We knew that this may well be our last game together so we wanted to make it special. It was emotional, but I guess that's part of life. It has been like a family. Everyone played his part. But it was not just the players, all our coaches, the support staff \u2014 everybody contributed \u2014 to this so it was a fitting end.Were you nervous going into the final?You generally are slightly nervous before a big game but that's nothing unusual. We've played finals before so we were used to the situation. We didn't let the fact that it was a World Cup final affect us too much.What was it like when you went to bat?It wasn't the greatest of starts so it was important that I stuck around and build a partnership. Unmukt (Chand) and I just spoke about sticking to our guns and batting normally. It was a good wicket so we knew that unless we made a mistake, we wouldn't get out. It was just a matter of being patient and wearing out opponents.Disappointed with the way you got out?Yes, I was. Like I said, it was a good wicket to bat on so it was disappointing to get out after getting my eye in.At 97-4 , you still believed you could win?Yes, definitely. We have a lot of confidence in our batting, despite the fact that we hadn't had a great tournament.What do you make of Chand's innings?I was very happy for him. He's a very determined guy and he was bent on taking the side home and being there at the end. He planned his innings really well. He was patient when necessary and played some tremendous shots too.Were you disappointed not to win the Man of the Tournament award?Honestly, that wasn't something that was on my mind. So it made no difference to me. I just wanted our team to win. That was all that mattered.We heard that when you talk to your family, it's only your brother Indrajith who talks to you about your game. Did he give you any special advice?No, nothing special as such. He said I was playing well and just asked me to focus and stick to my natural game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15787208", "title": "Trapped in realty labyrinth", "text": "MOHALI: Sudhir Singla of Sector 8 Panchkula had invested Rs 60 lakh as advance money for a flat in an upcoming residential colony near Zirakpur in 2008 and the construction company had assured him that he would be given possession of his flat by December 2011. But Singla came to know that even the foundation of the building had not been laid yet. Besides there were around 60 others, who too had given advance money to the construction company, the total amount adding up to around Rs 10 crore. Singla and others lodged an FIR at the Zirakpur police station last month in this regard.The scenario in the periphery of Chandigarh comprising areas like Zirakpur, Derabassi and Mullanpur in Mohali is no different. As land prices are shooting up and private investors and colonizers are constructing private colonies, people are investing their hard-earned money in flats but many are falling prey to the designs of cheat colonizers.Apart from fraud cases relating to private colonies, there are over 50 cases as well as complaints related to property frauds in the last two-and-a half years, wherein land owners have 'sold' the same plot to as many as three buyers. These cases too are being investigated by Mohali district police. The modus operandi of these colonizers is the same -- they take advance money from people interested in buying flats and start construction work with that money. However, in most cases, colonizers fail to complete the construction work due to shortage of funds, a senior police official said.A case was registered against a leading construction company in Zirakpur recently, wherein more than 500 people from Tricity and other cities of Haryana and Punjab had invested crores of rupees but the company failed to give possession of flats to investors in the promised time. The prime suspect, Jeevan Garg, is absconding, while some of the persons who were booked have been arrested.Inspector Tarlochan Singh, SHO of the police station in Zirakpur said, \"Other than the cases against private colonizers, there are around 50 FIRs that have been registered during the period of last two years, in which the plot owner sold the same piece of land to three persons, taking advance money from each of them.\"Sudhir Bansal of Phase-VIII in Mohali, purchased a plot near Derabassi, but he had no idea that it had been 'sold' to two more people.\"Though an FIR was lodged with the district police, I was advised to approach the district court because the matter had become a property dispute,\" Bansal said.SP, Mohali, Swarandeep Singh said, \"Three police stations including Derabassi, Zirakpur and Nayagaon are investigating a lot of property related crime cases and some of the FIRs have been transferred to the economic offences wing of the district police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790378", "title": "Pilot's family still awaits body", "text": "JAIPUR: The wait for the family of Mahendra Singh Rathore, 35-year-old co-pilot who died in a plane crash at Lagos in Nigeria on June 3, seems endless.Despite completing all the formalities to expedite the process of bringing back Mahendra's body, the family has now been told by the Dana Airlines' authorities that of the 165 bodies, at least 16 could not be identified, including their son's.\"The wait for his (Mahendra's) corpse has been more painful than knowing he was dead. Every time I get a call or an SMS, I think may be this one would be from the airlines' authorities giving me some information about my son's body,\" said Mahendra's father Ishwar Singh from Kolkata.The family has an ancestral house in Bikaner. Following the news of the death, the family stayed in Bikaner as they wanted to perform the last rites in the ancestral village. However, they returned to Kolkata after a fortnight.At least 160 people onboard the Boeing aircraft were killed when the Dana Airlines plane crashed in Lagos on June 3.\"My younger son had submitted his blood sample at a laboratory in Delhi, a few days after the tragedy. Now, the DNA reports suggest that 16 bodies, including that of my son, are yet to be identified. They (authorities in Nigeria) are saying they will go for advance tests to get the identification done,\" an irked father said.Neither the chief minister of West Bengal nor Rajasthan intervened to speak with the Union ministry to expedite the process, rued Singh.\"My neighbours and people in my office ask me about my son but the government has not shown any seriousness in the matter,\" he said. With his wife Pushpa and daughter-in-law Isha suffering from diabetes and hypertension, the family is facing a trying time over the prolonged delay to get Mahendra's body.Mahendra was born in Bikaner. When he was just a year old, the family moved to Kolkata where his father started working in a private company. He studied in Kolkata and later worked for two private airlines in India. Four years ago, he went to Florida (US) and got a Commercial Pilot License. He was working with Dana Airlines for the past two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15819520", "title": "Sushil Kumar, Yogeshwar Dutt honoured", "text": "CHENNAI: Olympic heroes, wrestlers Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt were honoured with cash prizes at a function on Monday for their medal winning feats at the London Games.Kumar, who bagged a silver medal, and bronze medallist Dutt were presented with a cash prize of Rs 10 lakh and Rs five lakhs respectively by Velammal Educational Group.Kumar, who became the first Indian to win back-to-back individual medals in the Olympics, in his interaction with the students said he had never allowed success or failure to affect him.Dutt said that by winning a medal at the London Olympics, his childhood dream had been fulfilled.Coach Yashvir Singh , who was awarded Rs five lakh cash prize, said India has got great scope in wrestling.\"I am satisfied with what my wards have achieved. If they maintain their focus, there is no reason why they cannot better their performance at 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15783808", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation keen to keep contractors in check, plans waste-to-power unit", "text": "MUMBAI: Unhappy with contractors holding it to ransom, the BMC now wants to reduce its dependence on them.Plans are afoot to build a waste-to-energy (WTE) plant so that the civic body can generate electricity from garbage and reduce the load on dumping grounds, which are filled to capacity.Civic officials have already visited the WTE units in Delhi and Pune and an integrated plan will be finalized by the month-end.Rahul Shewale, chief of the BMC's standing committee, who was part of the team that visited the units said, \"This system looks impressive and will help us cut contractors to size.\"He added, \"New York has such a system in place. But the moisture content in garbage is high in Indian cities, which may pose a problem. Few companies have given us the assurance that the waste-to-energy plant can be set up in the next 15 months.\"According to the plan, the BMC will set up 'transfer stations' in seven zones. Smaller vehicles will be deployed in each zone to make more rounds in wards under their jurisdiction. Garbage will then be transported to the transfer station, segregation will take place. Bigger vehicles with larger capacity will carry the garbage from the transfer station to either the dumping ground or the WTE plant.\"This is a good idea since it will help us to improve the solid waste management system. We have three transfer stations at Kurla, Versova and Mahalaxmi. For this plan, we are looking at more sites,\" additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani. The main aim of the new system is to make use of the growing garbage collected each day to generate power. \"We will be able to produce electricity which will help in generating revenue for the civic body,\" said a senior civic official. A WTE plant uses the heat from combustion of waste to generate steam in boilers. In turn, the steam drives turbines linked to generators to produce power.\"There is an urgent need to look for alternative plans to plug the leaks in the solid waste management system,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15795362", "title": "Fire in power cable creates panic at railway station", "text": "KANPUR: Panic prevailed at platform number one of Kanpur Central railway station after fire occurred in a power cable.The incident took place at around 6.30 pm near Railway Mail Service (RMS) office.At that time, Jhansi-Lucknow Intercity express was stationed at the platform. The passengers were standing outside the coaches. On noticing the flames, the employees of RMS inform the railway officials about the incident.The supply in the high-tension wire was switched off. The technical team came and started the maintenance work.Station superintendent Mewalal said that it was not a major fire and stopped from spreading further as the power was switched off.Short circuit is stated to be the reason for the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15788922", "title": "Onam celebrations: Hyderabad gears up for a taste of festival delights", "text": "HYDERABAD: Onam, the harvest festival of Kerala, is all but here and the Malayali community in the city is gearing up for the celebrations with some organisations already hosting get-togethers and city restaurants dishing out delicacies from Kerala. Members of the community are looking forward to celebrating their most important festival which culminates on August 29.The first Onam celebration of this month of Chingam (Malayalam calendar) was organised by Nair Service Society (NSS) at Zoroastrian Club on Sunday. The nearly 1,600 people who had gathered at the venue bonded over the conventional meal known as Sadhya.But more is in store for community members looking to celebrate the festival of plenty. In the month of September, about 30 community associations including Kerala Samajam, Kerala Handlooms Association, Malanadu Organisation, Kairali Samajam, Maythri, Sri Narayana Educational and Cultural Society, Samakya, Malanadu Cultural Association, Naveena Samskarika Kala Kendram, Federation of All Malayalees Association of AP in Twin Cities and Kerala Brahmin's (Namboodiri) Association, will conduct grand Onam celebrations in the twin cities.Organisers said that while most families would celebrate Onam (Thiruvonam) at home, sticking to small gatherings of friends and relatives, most official Onam celebrations are meant to improve the bonds within the community.Suresh Kumar , the NSS general secretary, said: \"We have been organising special Onam programmes since 2004 and the main aim is simply to bring everyone together and usher in the festive spirit. The meal is the most important part of the celebration. This time, the Sadhya had 23 items which were served on the traditional plantain leaf.\"Onam is observed for 10 days with the last day, known as Thiruvonam, being the most important. On this day, men wear the traditional mundu and women don the set-sari or mundum neryathum (both white in colour with golden border). Pookalam, the elaborate flower carpet, is laid out in front of every Malayali household as a welcome to Mahabali, the mythical king who is believed to have once ruled Kerala. While the tradition in Kerala is to engage in village sports on Thiruvonam, many Malayalis living in the city have developed newer and more personalised traditions like taking part in football or volleyball games.Although miles away from their native place, Malayalis said that they very much felt at home in the city during the festive season as they were a large and tightly-knit community. Meera Manoj, a resident of Alwal, said: \"It has been three years since I moved to this city but I don't feel like I am missing out on anything as the people of our community here make it a point to get together and celebrate Onam in the traditional way. I have a lot of relatives here and we all gather in someone's house on Onam and have the Sadhya.\"Meanwhile, south Indian restaurants in the city too are cashing in on the festive buzz by organising special food festivals and Sadhyas serving dishes like avial, pachadi and payasam on Wednesday. One such restaurant is Utupura where a special Kerala food festival has been organised in the week leading up to Onam.Binosh M Baby, manager at Utupura, said: \"We have organised a food festival with items like prawn, crab and squid. Already, nearly 100 bookings have been made for Sadhya. We are expecting 1,000 to 1,500 people to dine at the restaurant on Thiruvonam.\"Other eateries organising special Onam menus include Kerala Kitchen, Promenade at Aditya Park and Dakshin at ITC Kakatiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15799385", "title": "Three trapped inside well rescued after 5-hr operation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three men, including a father-son duo, who were trapped inside a well they were digging, were rescued by fire and rescue personnel in Vizhinjam on Sunday. Babu (43) and his son Jithu (16) and Sanal (32) of Vizhinjam were trapped in the 20-feet well after the earth collapsed over them.A fire and rescue services team from Vizhinjam rushed to the spot and another unit from Thiruvananthapuram was also pressed into service. The rescue workers, after tiresome rescue operations that exceeded five hours, managed to pull out all the three to safety.The officials from Thiruvananthapuram and Vizhinjam units of fire and rescue services took part in the rescue operations.Sanal said that the incident happened around 10.30am when the three were digging a well on the courtyard of the residence of Jerome. The well was being dug beside an old well which was over 35-feet deep. The sand dug out of the new well was being dumped into the old well thereby simultaneously filling the old one.The work has been going on for the past three days. On Sunday, too, they started work early in the morning. The earth caved in when they resumed work after breakfast.\"All of us were inside the well when the mud wall caved in. Sensing danger, Babu shouted asking us to get out of the well and not to care about him. But Jithu was reluctant to leave his father and he jumped back,\" said Sanal, who was saved first by the rescue team.Jithu removed the sand that covered Babu's head, allowing him to breath. He also made sure that sand does not fall over Babu's head again. But more earth fell over them, burying the duo. Jithu was buried till his hips.On seeing this, Sanal too jumped into the well, only to fall unconscious. Fortunately, the rescue team reached by that time and saved Sanal. Jithu was the next to be rescued. It took about three more hours to take Babu out of the well.Health minister V S Sivakumar visited the victims and offered them monetary aid of Rs 10,000 each. He also said that he would recommend Jithu's name for a gallantry award. All of them were rushed to Medical College Hospital for examination.A team from from Pangode military camp also took part in the rescue operations supervised by additional district magistrate P K Girija.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782070", "title": "Will citizens get relief from controversial water tariff hike?", "text": "NAGPUR: The recent water tariff hike came as shocker for citizens, resulting in protests from social organizations and also some corporators. It remains to be seen, though, what decision the standing committee takes if it discusses the proposal in its meeting on Monday.Taking serious cognisance of the issue, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari had put the proposal on hold in the meeting on August 16. Executive engineer and executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Ltd (NESL) Shashikant Hastak was not present at that meeting. Hastak is likely to attend Monday's meeting to discuss the issue. Thus, a decision is likely on the proposal.The NMC's water works department had hiked the water tariff by 5% from April 1 and did not intimate either office bearers or consumers. Besides, the water tariff was revised within a span of just seven months. The increased tariff had also came amid outcry over contamination and shortage of water.Besides, the standing committee may also take a decision on another pending proposal of pay and park on Sitabuldi market main road. Tiwari had assured to take a decision after holding meeting with shopkeepers of Sitabuldi market and corporator Munna Pokulwar, who was protesting against the system. The office bearers are under immense pressure from a team of 17 corporators, including Pokulwar, over the last few days on the issue.The other two proposals to be discussed are also controversial. The town planning department has proposed to spend Rs5.13 crore for acquisition of Sonegaon lake. RTI activist TH Naidu had protested the decision citing various provisions for acquiring land without paying such a huge amount. Besides, the proposal is also in controversy due to difference of around 3 acres land.The Sonegaon lake's actual land is 40.56 acres. But the town planning department has proposed to acquire just 37.56 acres. As if this were not enough, the estimated cost is 900 times the actual price paid by the owners during the auction. It will be interesting to see whether the standing committee investigates into all the issues, especially difference of 3 acres land or just gives approval.Sources told TOI that the standing committee may also pull up engineers of Laxmi Nagar Zone and few other zones for false reports submitted regarding potholes. Member of standing committee Parinay Fuke had reported over 2,000 potholes in just Laxmi Nagar Zone. Besides, the inferior quality of asphalting work may also come up for discussion, as the standing committee obtained data of roads asphalted in the last fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15805996", "title": "\u2018I\u2019m not being considered by Tamil filmmakers\u2019", "text": "The Mirugam actress is now courting trouble in Mollywood with manager issues. In a candid chat with CT, Padmapriya says that her achievements speak volumes about her work and that she's a thorough professional. Here are some excerpts from the conversation...We haven't seen you in Tamil films for a long time, why? I haven't seen myself in Tamil films for long too. (Smiles)) I'm not going to say I have been hearing scripts and you will hear from me soon. Let me be blatantly honest - I haven't heard from anybody and I don't think anybody is really considering me for anything. Why? Well that's something that beats me too! You should point the question to the makers. It's a director-driven medium and I love to be their puppet but they have to draw the strings otherwise I am lifeless. (Smiles)Is Malayalam cinema giving you better roles? No, it's not like that. Tamil has given me an experience that's extremely rich from Vishnu's Pattiyal to Chimbudevan's Irrumbakottai , to even a small significant role in Ram's Thangameengal . The range of films I have done in Tamil amazes me. Yes , I have had more commercial success in Malayalam but that doesn't mean I can't do with more in Tamil. I'd love to do more Tamil films of any genre if and when it comes to me.What is the latest issue regarding your manager? I'm not the only one who has a manager in Malayalam and my manager deals with other successful artists in the same language. As the issue is with the association, I don't want to comment. When the appropriate time comes, a media conversation on this can be held.Why do you seem to get caught in controversies...starting from director Samy slapping you to the present manager problem... Why don't you look at it this way - I have done 45 films across six languages and my wiki page scares me. I'm not being boastful. My achievements would be impossible without the makers and the audience. I feel lucky being where I am though it would be nice to be luckier on controversies! I've never been linked to a co-star or director, never had drunken stupors or been disrespectful of a producer's position. I don't have parents intruding in filmmaking affairs and so on. I'm a professional and like to look at myself that way. Why don't you ask an Adoor or Shaji N Karun what they think of me at work and then see the contradiction? You will find your answers!You are a talented actress who has won many awards, do you think such issues will affect your career? I don't know about my career but it definitely affects my mental health. The only philosophy that I'm not confused about in life is love. I don't like to hurt people whoever or whatever they are.... cinema is a special creation and its process should be celebrated. Are you someone who lives life on your own terms? When I was 15, my uncle told me in-dependence is 'independence'. We're all a unit of nature, we can't break that ...the flower blooms when it has to, the thorns grow when they have to...I don't think any of us can live our life in our own terms, and if we think we are, we are fooling ourselves.Are you looking to do any more B-Town films? I'm a Punjabi kuddi and Hindi comes to me naturally as a language. Doing more Hindi films would be brilliant but I am looking to doing more films.....more the merrier!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15783989", "title": "Bhopal to have 12 more foot over-bridges", "text": "BHOPAL: The city will have 12 more foot over-bridges (FOBs), including the one at the Jyoti talkies soon, officials of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) said. The foot over-bridge at Jyoti talkies is expected to be operational by September 2012, they said.\"The material required for the installation of escalators is expected to arrive from Delhi in a day or two. After the material arrives, the bridge will be completed in a week's time. We are expecting that the bridge will be inaugurated by September 2012,\" said BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.The BMC is to construct FOBs at Bairagarh, Bhopal Talkies, Alpana talkies, Roshanpura Square, Habibganj railway station and near TT Nagar police station among other places.The BMC is also planning to build 17 more FOB's at the areas with more traffic congestion, BMC sources said.The FOBs at Jyoti talkies will be the first steel footbridge of Bhopal with escalators. The 38-40 m long and 3 m wide bridge is estimated to cost Rs 1.59 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15796486", "title": "Ross Taylor optimistic of a turnaround", "text": "HYDERABAD: New Zealand's bad run continues as they crashed to an innings and 115-run loss to India in the first Test at the RGIC Stadium on Sunday.What was appalling was the manner in which they caved in and but for the rain disruptions, the match may have got over in under three days itself.Skipper Ross Taylor had no excuses to offer for the below par show. \"I guess any time you are bowled out for 160 both times, you have got to be disappointed. We have three to four days to rectify that. Obviously spin is an area we need to work on and come back harder and stronger for Bangalore,\" he said.The Kiwis were caught unawares on a track which had something in it for the spinners.Though it was not a minefield and as such not an impossible task to bat on, the visitors failed to come to terms with the wicket. \"There was turn in the track,\" he said. \"I think we have got to take a little bit out of it.\" Ojha is someone whom I have played with since I was 16 and we've always enjoyed each other's company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15796521", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to upgrade smaller civic hospitals", "text": "PUNE: The 650-bed Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial (YCM) hospital in Pimpri Chinchwad is running to its full potential, so the civic body has planned to upgrade other, smaller civic hospitals to provide better healthcare to its citizens.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said the population of Pimpri-Chinchwad city at present is around 18 lakh, which is expected to increase to about 35 lakh by 2030. Since small civic hospitals and public health centres do not have sufficient qualified doctors, residents rush to multi-speciality hospitals like YCM for even small problems.\"Pardeshi said, \"The YCM hospital will function as a tertiary super specialty hospital. It needs to have facilities for urology, neurology and plastic surgeries. The Jijamata hospital in Pimpri, Talera hospital in Chinchwad, Akurdi and Bhosari hospitals are rural hospitals. These need to have specialist doctors so that the people living in surrounding areas can go there for treatments instead of rushing to YCM hospital. Other dispensaries of the health department need to be developed as Primary Health Care (PHC) centres.\"PCMC has developed good infrastructure for healthcare at its municipal hospitals but they need more qualified personnel to improve services.Elaborating his plan to improve manpower at civic hospitals, Pardeshi said, \"The Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC) has four medical colleges, which get them services of good trainee doctors at its hospitals.PCMC, too, would apply to the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), Nashik, for permission to start a post graduate medical institute at YCM hospital. PCMC has also received the first batch of 35 doctors who have completed their post graduate at government-run medical colleges. The civic administration has been directed to prepare a list of the number of doctors required to improve medical services at municipal hospitals.\"\"The civic administration will conduct a comparative analysis of the rates at YCM and private hospitals. It will also issue its employees guidelines on taking medical treatment,'' Pardeshi said.Conference on medical servicesA day-long conference, 'Vision-2030 Health and medical services in Pimpri Chinchwad', will be held on Saturday at Chinchwad. The conference will be attended by various medical experts who will help create a policy for improving medical and health care facilities in the city, mayor Mohini Lande said on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "field ganj", "code": "15787901", "title": "Jannatpreet in a fresh avatar on TV", "text": "FIELD GANJ: City's budding cine-star Jannatpreet, 14, spent a special Sunday at her Field Ganj residence as a tele-series she has worked in as a child actor was premiered on TV.Jannatpreet has essayed the lead female character's childhood in this show after having worked in eight movies, 60 video albums and two TV serials. \"My character is part of the protagonist's flash back in the story and I really enjoyed working in this 90-minute series,\" says Jannatpreet, who went for the shoot of the movie in May. \"My friends will come over to watch the premier with me,\" she adds.Jannatpreet, who first faced the camera at four and stepped on stage at the age of six, says renowned theatre artist Nirmal Rishi is her 'Guru' as, \"It was under her that I learnt about theatre and started acting.\"More offers to act in commercial ventures started coming Jannatpreet's way when in 2007, she got to perform in two national stage plays \"Dhukhde Kaleere\" and \"Ma Mainu Maree Na\" and landed a part in Punjabi movie \"Hashar\". She essayed the character of singer turned actor Babbu Mann's sister in the movie.Offers from TV shows followed in the same year and paved a way for Jannatpreet to get spotted by filmmakers. She got a chance to work in several movies, including \"The Heart Land\", \"Dev D\", \"Naughty at Forty\" and\"Mausam\". The young actor's proud father Malkit Singh, 47, says, \"People who kill their daughters in the womb should try and understand how my daughter has brought pride to my family, this city and our state.\"Her mother Sonia, 45, and elder sister Damanpreet, 19, too, are big fans of the budding actor. \"She is going to be a big star and we all love her,\" says Sonia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15811190", "title": "'Bheja Fry' director-Vinay Pathak to team up again?", "text": "Director Sagar Ballary and actor Vinay Pathak, who have worked together in 'Kachha Limboo' and the hit 'Bheja Fry' series are likely to team up for the fourth time for a comedy film.\"I am almost done with my script. It is a comedy film. We have approached people...we are in the process of casting. Once the cast and other things are in place we will announce it in the coming 15-20 days,\" Sagar told PTI.\"We are working on two-three other scripts simultaneously. One is a comedy film and hopefully we would be going ahead with it first. It will go on floors this year,\" he said.Out of the four films that Sagar has directed, three of them featured Vinay. \"Hopefully yes, he (Vinay) will be part of the film, provided we get his dates. All I can is that the actors in this film are good..can't say if they are big or are newcomers. We are trying to get the dates of actors and then we will start shooting,\" he said refusing talk further about the 'comedy' film.After making the audiences laugh out loud with 'Bheja Fry' in 2007, Sagar returned after four years to hit the chord with sequel 'Bheja Fry 2'. As 'Bheja Fry 2' was a moderate success at box office, Sagar is not in a hurry for the third installment.\"Recently Vinay and I met ...we were discussing about the third part, but we don't want to rush into things. We would like to take the franchise ahead. The third part has to be as good and interesting as the previous two films, only then we will go ahead,\" Sagar said.\"Its too early to talk about anything on this,\" he said. ' Bheja Fry' revolved around Bharat Bhushan played by Vinay Pathak, a tax inspector who is looking to fulfil his long cherished dream of becoming a singer. While, In 'Bheja Fry 2', the idiot's (Vinay) journey continues abroad which had a bigger star cast and higher budget. The film starred Vinay, Kay Kay Menon, Minissha Lamba, Suresh Menon and Amol Gupte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15816774", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association poll brings different fractions of Congress together", "text": "INDORE: Much talked about election of Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA) between union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia and industry minister of state Kailash Vijavargia brings the different fractions of Congress party in state together for the first time in recent past. Unity among the leaders, if it continues for some time, can be of great benefit to Congress in up coming assembly election next year.Keenly contest election of MPCA rallied all the leaders of state behind Scindia making him consensus leader of the party in state, at least for the time being. It will boost up the chances of Scindia to be projected as next chief minister in next assembly election. Leaders from all the camps of Congress in state like MP Sajjan Songh Verma of Kamal Nath group, MLA Mahesh Joshi and Ashwin Joshi from Digvijay Singh group and leaders from Suresh Pachori and Ajay Singh camp all ralied behind Scindia in his fight against Vijayvargia, shwoing a rare unity of Congress party.Comprehensive victory of Scindia in election has boosted the moral of the party and for the first time in recent time and Congress was seems like a dominant force in Indore on Sunday. Thousands of Congress workers from across the state turned up to in support of Scindia. Entire city was painted with the flags of Congress and reverberated with the slogans in support of Scindia.\"Election result has shown that he is able leader. Efficient and honest has won and person known for manipulation has lost. Though the election has nothing to do with politics, the victory of Scindia is victory of Congress leader also. Hence, the victory has boosted the moral of Congress workers,\" said state Congress president Kantilal Bhuria.The victory has also come as a short in arm for the young Scindia who has been long trying to carve a dominant place for national and state politics. After wining Scindia speak his mind and given an indication about his future plan of action. \"Election result has decide what is right and wrong. Now we will win 2013 election just like this,\" said Scindia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790375", "title": "Philippines trade delegation eyes stone, ceramics sectors", "text": "JAIPUR: A 28-member business and technology delegation from Philippines has shown interest in the stone and ceramics sectors with focus on world-famed blue pottery of Jaipur.The visiting delegation, led by Randolph S Ting, Congressman of the 3rd district of Cagayan, Philippines, is looking to explore areas of cooperation between India and Philippines in sectors such as dimensional stone, bricks and potteries, handmade paper industry, diary, cane and bamboo. The objective is to pursue inclusive growth through the development of micro, small and medium enterprises adopting models of successful enterprises.RIICO managing director Rajendra Bhanawat said the government has set up a stone testing centre at CDOS with support of UNIDO ICAMT the facilities of which could be availed by anybody around the world.The delegation was facilitated by United Nations Industrial Development Organization - International Centre for Advancement of Manufacturing Technology (UNIDO-ICAMT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15790111", "title": "Waterway from Kollam to Kottappuram by year-end", "text": "KOCHI: The much-awaited Kollam-Kottappuram stretch of Kerala National Inland Waterways will become operational this year.According to the chief minister Oommen Chandy, the state government is trying to sort out minor hitches in the commissioning of the waterway.Once this stretch is commissioned, it would be easy to go ahead with the extension of the stretch to Kovalam at southern Kerala and Manjeswaram in the north.Chandy, speaking at the valedictory session of the three-day international seminar on the potential of the Indian logistics industry, said his government was committed to develop the state's coastal and inland waterways.\"Developing the coastal waterways is top in the list of projects recommended by technocrat Sam Pitroda for the state.\"He said the state has immense potential to develop the logistics sector, especially since it has three international airports (with the fourth ready to take off at Kannur), three major ports and a host of minor ports including Vizhinjam and Azheekal, all set to emerge as key maritime hubs.Chandy said the government was also aware of the infrastructural constraints that stood in the way of developing the logistics sector.He assured all support in this area, especially in setting up quality warehouses for agricultural products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15792743", "title": "Now, online tax payment for outstation vehicles", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state transport department has made the payment of taxes easier for vehicles registered in other states and entering UP for commercial trips. The commercial vehicles entering UP from other states on a temporary permit can now pay the tax online.\"Even before one starts from his native state, he can pay the tax,\" said technical director, UP NIC, YK Singh. The owners of such vehicles can log on to the department's portal -- vahan.up.nic.in/upcheckpost -- and deposit their due taxes through netbanking facility. Tourists coming to UP in taxis or buses can log on to the website and pay the tax. This will save them from making rounds of government offices for paying the tax. Once the user logs on to the system and provides the required information about the vehicle, the software calculates and displays the tax amount to be paid. The department has entered into an agreement with the State Bank of India to provide netbanking facility to taxpayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15752199", "title": "Tamil Nadu\u2019s making the city\u2019s Onam colourful!", "text": "The sale and price of flowers have hit an all-time high this Onam season.It's that time of the year when the city's dotted with flower marts in every nook and cranny. Come Chingam and it's time to treat the eyes to beautiful floral carpets on all the 10 days abounding with Onam festivities, starting from the Malayalam star Atham, all the way to Thiruvonam, when the celebrations hit its peak. Onam might essentially be a Malayali festival; however, it's flowers from Tamil Nadu that add colour to Kerala's festivities.Unlike in the previous years, the price of flowers has hit an all-time high this Onam season. However, the prices are no dampener \u2014 what with residents associations, educational institutions, offices and clubs having pookkalam (floral carpets) competitions \u2014 and sales are soaring. Most of the flowers for Kochi are sourced from Coimbatore and Bangalore.Besides, due to the increasing demand for flowers during this season, they are brought in from Thovalai in Nagercoil, Madurai, Dindigul and Mettupalayam as well. For those living in Thiruvananthapuram, Thovalai, 100 km from the city, is the source of fresh flowers that are plucked early in the morning and brought to the Chalai market in two hours.\"We've been a consumerist state for long now, when it comes to bringing down vegetables or groceries, most of which are sourced from our neighbouring states,\" says Balakrishna Menon, a city-based entrepreneur. \"Flowers are no exception, especially when the demand for them peaks during Onam season. And vendors know best that even if the prices are hiked, the number of takers won't dwindle.\"Sure enough, the crowds thronging flower marts are proof of it. While yellow marigold comes at `100 a kg, its orange variant is costlier by `20. While white oleander (arali) comes at `300 a kg, its pink and red variants are priced higher, at `400 a kg. Red roses also come at the same price. However, each rose is priced `15 a flower. The green element in most pookkalams is mostly the leaves of Shathavari (Asparagus racemosus), which comes at `30 for 100 gram. Besides, jasmine flowers too are in demand, especially among the women folk, for whom the style statement is incomplete without a strand of jasmine flowers adorning their mane. Alongside flower marts dotting the city, this time round, the sale of onathappan (a clay pyramid structure with four faces and a flat top symbolising the deity Thrikkakarayappan) has also caught up. Each piece is priced around `20.As Thiruvonam draws closer, so does the sale and price of the flowers. \"I bought a strand of jasmine flowers at `30 on Thursday and when I went in to buy another strand the next day, it was priced at `50,\" rues college goer Nandini Nair. Interestingly, a majority of these flower vendors are daily-wage labourers from Tamil Nadu, who are based in and around the city. Muthulakshmi, who works as a construction labourer in Kochi, says, \"For the past three years, my husband I turn flower vendors during the Onam season. This is one time we make good money. Even if the prices are hiked, flowers have takers during all the 10 days of Onam festivities.\"parvathy.nayar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15795161", "title": "Final act", "text": "Delhi University and Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) are all set to take their 'act' to a professional level, with the onset of the annual university Ibsen festival, from September 19-23 . Henrik Ibsen , 19Century Norwegian playwright, will be alive on the Delhi stage at the festival, with five innovative adaptations of his plays.An initiative of the Dramatic Art and Design Academy (DADA) in collaboration with the Royal Norwegian Embassy , the university theatre festival is to bring together Ibsen's dramatic literature with actual productions to give vitality to the study of Ibsen in India, as his plays are included in the academic curriculum of the English (Honours) literature course of the two universities.In its second year, the festival intends to promote college theatre and give students the required exposure so as to prepare them for mainstream theatre. The five participating colleges include Lady Shri Ram College for Women (LSR), Maitreyi College, Ramjas College, St Stephen's College and The School of Arts &amp; Aesthetics, JNU.Adapting the play, The Lady from the Sea, which explores the turmoil through the metaphor of 'sea,' the JNU dramatic society is focusing on documentation and experimenting. \"We are participating in the festival for the first time. The important aspect of the play will be its documentation. We are trying to understand the script in our context and experiment with characters. Since the festival is on a larger scale, we are aiming at keeping it professional. The feel of professional theatre is already there as the production has been taken care of, with lighting and technical support for stage design,\" says Amita Rana, second year, PhD in theatre and performance studies, School of Arts &amp; Aesthetics, JNU.Jai Jawaan Party, a production from Ramjas College, based on League of Youth, replaces Ibsen's small Norwegian town with a village in Uttar Pradesh where an ambitious young man poses as a political idealist and forms a new party.The other adaptations based on Ibsen plays include, An Enemy of People, Burn and On the Contrary, which will be staged by St Stephen's , LSR and Maitreyi, respectively.Manisha Singh, faculty, department of English, Maitreyi College, says, \"The festival is important in many aspects as it offers a potent platform for campus theatre. Students have access to more facilities and technical help, which allow them to step into amateur theatre. Also, it makes students think and deal with the text and come up with new innovations .\"The university festival productions are funded by the academy through the Royal Norwegian Embassy to support stage design and production.\"It offers students a good deal of exposure and a venue, which is certainly a boost for college-level theatre. We are contextualising the play and trying something experimental in terms of development of the characters,\" adds NP Ashley, assistant professor of English and advisor to Shakespearean society, St Stephen's College. The university Ibsen festival is a precursor to the Delhi Ibsen festival.At a glanceVenue:LTG Auditorium, Mandi HouseSchedule:Lady from the Sea -September 19Jai Jawaan Party -September 20An Enemy of People -September 21Burn -September 22On the Contrary -September 23", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15814017", "title": "Rains bring some respite for Vasaikars", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a weak monsoon since June, the Vasai region has been receiving heavy rainfall since the wee hours of Monday.Till last week the region had received only 1,044 millimeter rainfall. According to sources in the Vasai collectorate, last year the dams supplying water to the region had started over flowing by this time. This year the dams have less than 60 per cent water drawing capacity.The region has been experiencing heavy rainfall since the wee hours of Monday, bringing some relief to farmers. Local wells and lakes in the region had also started drying up.The civic administration had appealed to the people to use water sparingly. Most of the housing societies have already started facing water shortage.Surya dam which is the main source of water supply for the region has touched 39 per cent of its drawing capacity. By August last year, the dam had begun over flowing. A total of 100 mld water for the region comes from Surya dam.Usgaon dam and Pelhar dam too have reached their drawing capacity and a good monsoon is the only hope. The region gets 20 mld water from Usgaon dam and another 10 mld comes from Pelhar dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15814953", "title": "Prince Harry may never fly an Apache again", "text": "Prince Harry , who made headlines for his bare-assed antics in a Las Vegas suite, is in danger of getting kicked out of the multi-million pound Apache cockpit by angry defence chiefs.Contrary to reports that the Ministry of Defence was not taking any disciplinary action, the 27-year-old royal is said to be on trial and if he misbehaves again he stands to lose his coveted role.\"You need a cool head and sound judgment to fly an Apache. Harry showed none of that in Vegas,\" the Daily Star quoted a royal aide as saying.\"He accepts he behaved stupidly and there is no place for stupidity in an Apache cockpit.\" Whatever is being said publicly by defence officials to smooth things over, the Army Air Corps will be carefully monitoring his behaviour in future.\"Any more of this and he'll be grounded. These are big destructive machines. You need an ice cool brain and have to know how to behave,\" the aide said.According to an insider, although he is still likely to go to Afghanistan as planned for a second tour, the rest of his career is under review because of his Vegas behaviour.Prince Charles has also banned Harry from any more boys-only holidays after the Vegas trip as he is said to be shocked and humiliated by photos of his younger son romping with a girl in his high-roller suite and told him any more trips on his own are off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15784369", "title": "Abandoned cub in Panna to get a new home in Kanha", "text": "BHOPAL: The six -month old tiger cub that was abandoned by a tigress in the Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR) would shortly get a new home in the world's famous Kanha Tiger Reserve (KTR).\"We are going to shift the tiger cub by road to KTR where it would be housed in an enclosure before being released in the wild,\" PTR field director RS Murthy told TOI.A divisional forest officer (DFO) and veterinarian would accompany the cub from PTR to KTR, he added. \"Possibly we might shift the cub on Monday or later this week,\" Murthy said.All preparations have to be made at KTR for housing the cub, officials said. Kanha sanctuary has perfected the art of hand-rearing cubs by successfully raising two orphaned tigresses. KTR is having an enclosure in which the two orphaned tigresses were reared and later on trans-located to PTR to revive the big cat population.More than three months ago, a tigress christened T-1 abandoned the cub in PTR after which the NTCA asked the MP forest department to shift it to Van Vihar zoo and animal rescue and rehabilitation here.But the forest officials had asked National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) that it wants to shift the cub to KTR which was cleared.The tigress christened T- 1 gave birth to this cub along with three others in a cave of PTR on February 16. On March 29, the tigress shifted to another cave some 2 km away from the first but didn't carry the fragile cub. But, it returned to its previous cave on April 2 and fed this abandoned cub.This time also, T - 1 didn't take the cub with it after which the PTR authorities with electronic gadgets, kept a watch on its movement and when its condition deteriorated it was rescued from the cave on April 12 and kept in a well-equipped room in PTR. Felines usually abandon their cubs when they turn weak, according to wildlife experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15782208", "title": "Coalgate loss is minimum Rs 50 lakh crore: Hansraj Ahir", "text": "NAGPUR: Chandrapur MP Hansraj Ahir has been in the forefront of opposing allocation of coal blocks to private parties without auction. Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG's) findings has vindicated his stand. Ahir spoke to TOI at length about the irregularities in coal block allocation process.You are a member of standing committee on coal. Didn't the government pay any attention to your complaints?I first raised the issue of coal blocks being allocated without auction in the committee's meeting in Kolkata in 2005. I raised it in Lok Sabha in 2006. After that, I wrote a number of letters to Prime Minister's Office (PMO) and ministry of coal (MoC). PMO just gave me acknowledgements while MoC gave one line answers that there was nothing wrong in their method without answering my queries. However, CAG started investigating the massive fraud following my complaints and later CVC asked CBI to inquire into it.CAG has not included the revenue loss from underground mines allocated to private parties and coal blocks allocated to joint ventures between government and private companies in its Rs1.83 lakh crore loss figure. Do you think CAG's figure is on the lower side.I won't comment on CAG's findings at this juncture. However, I can say with certainty that the minimum loss even in the best case scenario for government is Rs50 lakh crore. About 22 billion metric tonne (MT) has been given away to private parties free of cost. If we take the average price of CIL coal at Rs3,000 per tonne then the loss figure is Rs66 lakh crore. 80% of the coal reserve given to private companies is from open cast mines. If only the cost of open cast coal is considered, the loss will be around Rs50 lakh crore. However, one has to keep in mind that coal sold through e-auction is fetching over Rs4,000 per tonne.You have time and again alleged that government is wrecking CIL. What is basis of these charges.Four years ago CIL's output was 460 million MT. However, now it has reduced to 431 million MT. The UPA government is responsible for this decline.In 2008 CIL had asked for 138 additional coal blocks to boost its production but MoC has still not taken any decision. On the other hand, private companies have been allocated several blocks. In December 2005 the expert committee on coal sector reforms had recommended that only the coal blocks, which CIL did not plan to develop before 2026-27 should be allocated to private players. However, this advice was ignored. In many cases blocks were given to private players in spite of opposition by CIL subsidiaries.Many experts say that CIL is inefficient. Your take on it.They are wrong. Former PM Mrs Indira Gandhi had nationalized coal sector in interest of common people and every political party had appreciated her decision. Under CIL coal production has increased from 70 million MT in 1975 to 460 million MT four years ago. It has been given status of a Maharatna and is the most profitable PSU. It provides employees to thousands of people and cheap coal to power and steel plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15782956", "title": "Kolkata man held for molesting woman", "text": "Calangute: Ghulam Ivan Mark from Kolkata was arrested by Calangute police for attempting to outrage the modesty of a woman in Candolim recently.Police said the woman, also a native of West Bengal , was walking along the Candolim-Calangute road when Ghulam Mark attempted to outrage her modesty.The woman immediately raised an alarm, following which locals in the area rushed to her assistance.In the melee that followed, Ghulam received a thrashing from the members of the public who gathered at the spot. He was then handed over to the police who placed him under arrest. LPSI Devyani Naik is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15792830", "title": "Grand paper plans ignore ground realities", "text": "GURGAON: In the past two decades Gurgaon has seen its boundary expand by a radius of nearly 8-10km. The past five years have also seen three master plans, announced in quick succession \u2014 of 2021 in 2007, of 2025 in 2011 and of 2031 in August 2012. The three plans, however, don't address power and water generation, storage and capacity building in any way.According to Rohan Sharma, manager, research &amp; real estate intelligence service, Jones Lang LaSalle India, \"In terms of absolute numbers, the changes are incremental by less than 10%, which seem inadequate. As has been the trend, most such projections have fallen short. The revision has been necessitated by the growth already seen in the current period, and thus an over threefold growth in population has been estimated.\" Also, bringing areas not in the earlier master plan under development aids, benefits the speculators, land owners as well as realtors who have already acquired land before the area was brought under the master plan.Gurgaon has been at the forefront of frenetic real estate activity driven by demand for office space and housing. The burgeoning population growth estimate and the robust nature of development, especially residential, has fuelled the need for a dynamic master plan exercise. Experts, however, feel the master plans are too ambitious.\"Issues such as power capacity building, environment impact assessment have not been addressed. The present state of road infrastructure raises doubts on whether the authorities have come good on their promises and if the projected plans will fructify in time,\" added Sharma. Several registrations were made by the district revenue department in the newly added residential sectors under Master Plan 2031 by real estate developers in 2010, 2011 and this year. The new registrations indicate that denotificaton of SEZ has been lucrative to realtors and the landowners who had not sold their land so far. Some of the major developers which purchased lands from farmers are Ramprastha Group, Orris, Bestech and DLF New Gurgaon among others.When deputy commissioner P C Meena was asked whether there was any rule which restricts registration of sale deeds in areas notified under acquisition sections and allowing such registrations might lead to developers purchasing land at much lower rates from owners who fear land acquisition, the DC said, \"The state has the best compensation policy and land owners must not fear.\"Many a times farmers and landowners sold land at lesser than market rates, fearing their land would be acquired by the government, says Dr Sanjay Sharma, managing director, QuBREX. Senior town planner R K Singh confirmed that a massive area demarcated for SEZ has been changed to agricultural land, residential and commercial zones. The value of the land would have appreciated by 5 to 10 times by this change, says Sharma. So much of the residential &amp; commercial zone in these new sectors has the potential to move the centre of gravity of Gurgaon from the left side of NH-8 to the right side towards Manesar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15751930", "title": "Aamir Khan's new look for 'Dhoom 3' revealed", "text": "Bidisha Roy and Krishnendu Sengupta - a couple from Kolkata - woke up to a big commotion in their downtown Chicago neighbourhood on August 7. Clad in black, a biker was racing down the road with police cars in hot pursuit. Weaving in and out of the traffic, it looked like he would get away. Suddenly, the bike hit a rough patch and crashed. As people watched in amazement, Take 2 began .That's how the Bengali couple recalled the start of the Chicago leg of the shoot of Aamir Khan's latest film. But as the chase sequence was played out, the only person missing was Aamir himself. \"We saw his stunt-double doing the action. He looked a little taller than Aamir and was dressed in black,\" recalled Bidisha.But the man himself - with a lean, mean look and a never-seen-before hairdo - arrived in a while. \"It looked like he'd gone back to his Ghajini days. We had read reports of how Aamir wanted a new hairstyle for this film. During the day, he hardly took his hat off. But when he did, we could understand what might have prompted him to keep his look hidden - it's that different,\" said Bidisha.While the crowd grew to catch a glimpse of the star, Aamir sat with a book, unperturbed by the hullabaloo. \"When not shooting or talking to the director, he was reading a book on Mahatma Gandhi ,\" she added. Bidisha later found out that Aamir had put up in the building next to theirs. \"But he chooses to stay indoors. Only on Eid, there was a huge bash at his apartment,\" she said. The cast has now been joined by Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra . \"My husband met them and they were extremely courteous. We are now looking forward to the arrival of Katrina Kaif ,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15794821", "title": "Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation files for tagline patent", "text": "BANGALORE: When a senior KSRTC official was surfing through TV channels, he realized the tagline meant for Airavat Club class, 'Sleep like a baby', was pasted on another bus from a neighbouring state which had met with an accident. After confirming that it was not a KSRTC bus, the transport organization filed a patent for its brand.\"When we enquired into the case, we found it was a private bus which had copied the brand's image and was trying to reap profits from it. We have decided to take serious action if our brands are copied again. Many state road transport units (SRTU) come to us to study our systems and operations . Hence, we thought it befitting to protect our brand image,\" said Manjunath Prasad, managing director, KSRTC.The tagline, printed on all Airavat Club Class buses , has been created by advertising agency Ogilvy and Mather. KSRTC has 90 Club Class buses which operate to various destinations . Ogilvy and Mather has created the look, visuals and brand image of the recently launched Airavat Superia and Airavat Bliss, with mini inhouse pantry and toilets in the buses itself.KSRTC has already got the service and brand Rajahamsa patented and is on the process of getting copyrights of Airavat Club Class, Airavat, Vaibhav and Ambaari. \"We have applied with Trademark Authority of India ,\" said Chennabasappa Herur, chief manager (marketing and commuter relations ), KSRTC.Many laurelsThe transport corporation's Facebook interaction with commuters, Go Green campaign and prompt alerts to passengers if a bus is delayed has won KSRTC the Digiratti 2012 award at Futurist Conclave in Delhi.Protect brand'Sleep like a Baby' (in pic) is one of our milestone ads which describes the comfort level in KSRTC buses. The state transport corporation gives tough competition to private companies too. We have designed its brand images for many services and are happy that they are trying to protect their brand and our ideasTithi Ghosh | VP, O&M;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "tivrem", "code": "15783106", "title": "Residents want stop to sand dumping", "text": "Tivrem: The Tivrem-Orgao gram sabha on Sunday unanimously resolved to stop sand dumping in the village. Alleging that some persons are illegally dumping sand at Chimulwada, the village's residents demanded that the sand extraction should be stopped immediately.Considering the vociferous opposition from locals, the gramsabha resolved to put a ban on dumping sand in the village, with sarpanch Pratap S Volvoikar adding that sand is not being extracted from the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15794046", "title": "Unplanned development kills Ghata lake, floods Southern Peripheral Road", "text": "GURGAON: On the one hand, the government has made rainwater harvesting mandatory for every household, on the other hand it has killed a natural water body in Ghata village, leading to constant flooding of partly constructed Southern Peripheral Road (SPR), also known as Golf Course Extension Road.The sorry state of SPR is a glaring example of how filling up of the Ghata lake and the natural nallah to develop Sector 58 to benefit realtors has led to flooding in this part of the city. That's not it, million of gallons of rainwater is going waste.The situation is so bad that basements of several multi-storey apartments and commercial complexes get flooded. The developers and maintenance agencies then have to pump out water, which again floods the road.Ghata lake, a seasonal water body, was documented in the Gazette of India (1883). The natural lake and the bund used to have enough water till Dussehra, say villagers. This also helped in recharging groundwater. However, vested interests of realtors led to gradual degradation of the lake with creaks and crevices in the Aravali hills adjoining it destroyed. This prevents the rainwater to flow down through natural channels to fill the lake in Ghata village, which acted as a catchment area.Villagers who sold their lands fearing acquisition from the state under the new master plans now express regret. Bhisham Pratap, 80, blames the government as well as the village youngsters for overlooking the impact of such mindless development which severely harms the ecology. \"All shallow tubewells have dried up since there is commercial extraction of precious groundwater. Also, the roads and basements in the area are inundated regularly like several other parts of the city where builders filled natural drainage to construct buildings,\" he said.According to officials in the irrigation department, the government now plans to make an alternative drainage as an outlet for water which accumulates in this water recharge zone. Even 30 minutes of rain floods the SPR, which connects the Faridabad-Gurgaon road to Sohna road. Stagnant water has damaged the road so much that it has become unusable in some places.Environmentalists fear that the situation might worsen as the natural drainage pattern has been altered completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15783083", "title": "Cops accused of planting drugs seek bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Two police officers\u2014Madhukar Gatade and Subhash Kenjale\u2014arrested for planting drugs on Provogue managing director Salil Chaturvedi have applied for bail before the Bombay high court.The matter is expected to come up for hearing in the high court on Monday.Last week, the sessions court had rejected bail applications of the two officers.They were arrested for planting 3 gram of cocaine in Chaturvedi's house in 2005. But the CID booked them only under Indian Penal Code (IPC) sections and dropped charges under the NDPS Act. Chaturvedi has filed an intervention application, strongly objecting to the bail pleas of the two police officers.The court had directed Chaturvedi to file written submissions through public prosecutor Jyoti Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15779977", "title": "Govt should focus on underdeveloped colleges of Magadh University", "text": "PATNA: The recent decision of the state government to develop 19 more colleges of Bihar as centres of excellence has evoked mixed reaction from a section of principals and teachers of Magadh University (MU). They have urged the state government to review its decision and also include those colleges which have been trying hard to develop infrastructure on their own.According to B D College principal B N Ojha, it is a commendable move by the state government to develop several colleges as centres of excellence by providing adequate funds to them. Colleges like A N College, College of Commerce and Gaya College under MU are already NAAC (national assessment and accreditation council) graded colleges. They fulfil the criteria for the status of centres of excellence. Thus, the state government should have brought under the purview of centre of excellence colleges like B D College and Arvind Mahila of Patna which are yet to develop infrastructure on the college campus, he said.Ojha said the state government has been giving more importance to those colleges which are already developed as far as infrastructure is concerned. But the state government is not paying much attention to develop underdeveloped colleges of the state capital and adjoining areas.\"About 5,000 students, including girls, are studying at B D College at degree and postgraduate level. The college recently got permission to start MBA course from the current academic session. However, the college has not been able to carry out many ambitious projects like building of language laboratory and upgrading equipment in science laboratories for want of adequate funds,\" Ojha said.According to Arvind Mahila College principal, Asha Singh, \"This is one of the oldest constituent colleges of MU. It lacks proper infrastructure to cater to the needs of students studying at the degree and postgraduate level. The government must initiate proper steps to achieve its all-round development. This is possible only when the college is converted into a centre of excellence.\"According to some of the principals of the colleges located in semiurban areas, the government must chalk out a uniform policy to develop colleges in phases to maintain uniform teaching standard. \"This is possible only when the government makes no difference while granting funds to MU colleges. Besides, NAAC grading has become a must for each constituent college to avail UGC grants. The development of each college should be taken up on priority basis by the government if it is serious about improving the standard of higher education in Bihar,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788673", "title": "Dhapa extension hits green hurdle", "text": "KOLKATA: The second Dhapa project, which was planned by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) as an alternative to the existing dhapa dumping ground off EM Bypass, has hit a hurdle.The National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) officials, after going through the detail project report, have refused to give it a nod saying that it was falling within the East Kolkata Wetlands area. The NGRBA officials have recently held a meeting with the KMC officials and expressed their views.Interestingly, the project spread over 140 acres, was approved by the East Kolkata Management Authority (EKWMA) and the state environment department. After the new KMC board was formed in 2010, a plan was chalked out by the civic authorities to extend the planning area of Dhapa. Accordingly, a Rs 265-crore project was hatched. The total project area was fixed at 52.5 hectares, which is equivalent to about 140 acres. The project plan was even approved by the East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA) and the environment department.The project plan was also sent to the Ramsar authorities in New Delhi. Senior officials of NGRBA recently came and held a meeting with KMC and other municipality officials, where they have verbally informed that they could not give permission for the project, as it was falling within the east Kolkata wetlands area.The NGRBA officials also said that the international environment bodies could also object to the project.Meanwhile, a new plot has been identified at Thakurpukur, where the KMC plans to set up an alternative dumping ground. But the land is yet to be acquired from the plan seems to be uncertain since the civic authorities are yet to acquire the land fromlocal farmers. Also, this area lacks civic infrastructure, as it does not have any approaching road to the project site.MMIC (solid waste management) Debabrata Majumder said that the civic authorities have appealed to the NGRBA after getting nod from both the EKWMA and environment department for the Dhapa extension project. \"We are hopeful to get the permission. If we do not get their nod, then we will shift the project to Thakurpukur,\" he said, adding that the KMC would construct a road from Diamond Harbour Road to the proposed site.NGRBA authorities have also criticized the KMC for not segregating the door-to-door solid waste collection properly. The project is going on in seven wards, all added areas, of KMC. The NGRBA officials have informed that following a Supreme Court order, the bio degradable waste has to be separated before dumping it.KMC chief engineer of solid waste management department Arun Kumar Sarkar claimed that most of the segregation takes place in natural process. The civic body spends Rs 3.5 lakh per ward per month for this segregation process, so it will require about Rs 4 to 5 crore to implement the project throughout the city.The existing site at Dhapa covers 17 acres. Officials said that it would only take an year and half for the dumping site to get fully exhausted, as 3,500 metric tonnes of solid waste is being dumped now at the site daily and the quantity is rising.Following this, KMC has started to chalk out a new plan for the project. After survey, the civic authorities have initially planned that the project could be set up at Thakurpukur where there is a huge vacant land lying unused. However, the land has to be acquired first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15783149", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to rope in TB survivors to help patients", "text": "MUMBAI: Tuberculosis survivors will now be a source of inspiration for patients undergoing treatment for TB. The BMC has decided to contact those who have survived the disease, including ones who had multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB), to become counsellors.Dr Arun Bamne, executive health officer, said, \"We have MDR-TB patients who have completed two years' medicine course. We suggested the concept to the central TB division team when they visited Mumbai.\" Many TB patients discontinue the medicines because of the side-effects. This leads to patients developing drug-resistant forms of TB. \"Patients who have completed the TB treatment can share their experiences. The feedback can be valuable for other patients,\" said Dr Bamne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15790609", "title": "Plan panel's nod for Aligarh Muslim University campus in Malappuram", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Planning Commission has granted approval for the project to set up Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) campus in Malappuram. The work of the new buildings at the proposed campus is expected to begin soon.After the discussion with the union minister of state for human resources and development (MHRD) E Ahammed and the senior officials of MHRD, the director of the centre Muhammed said with the approval of Planning Commission the centre will get a financial aid of Rs 140 crore for the university campus. \"The ministry will convene an emergency meeting of expenditure finance committee (EFC) to consider the revised project proposals submitted by the centre,\" he said.In a letter to the MHRD minister Kabil Sibal chief minister Oommen Chandy had asked to take appropriate steps to provide financial aid for the centre.In a meeting with the new vice-chancellor of the university Zameer Uddin Shah, at Thiruvananthapuram in last July, the chief minister had promised that state government will intervene to resolve the issue of delay in releasing the fund for the AMU centre.As per the initial proposal the estimated cost of the proposed centre was Rs 1,100 crore. But the MHRD and University Grants Commission (UGC) denied the approval saying that it was not feasible. Later the project proposal was revised and the estimated cost was downsized to RS 140 crore. Even though the initial works on the proposed campus at Chelamaala near Perinthalmanna had already started using the initial fund of Rs 10 crore, the revised project was waiting MHRD's approval.Planning Commission has granted the approval for the project of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) campus in Malappuram.After the discussion with the Union Minister of state for Human Resources and Development (MHRD) E Ahammed and the senior officials of MHRD. the director of the Centre Dr Muhammed said the ministry will convene an emergency meeting of Expenditure Finance Committee (EFC) to consider the revised project proposals submitted by the centre.Director said with the approval of planning commission the centre will get a financial aid of Rs 140 crore for the university campus. He said, in a letter to the MHRD Minister Kabilsibal Chief Minister Oommen Chandy had asked to take appropriate steps to provide financial aid for the centre.In a meeting with the new Vice Chancellor of University, Zameer Uddin Shah at Thiruvananthapuram in last July the Chief Minister had promised that state government will intervene to resolve the issue of delay in releasing the fund for the AMU centre project.As per the initial proposal the estimated cost of the proposed centre was Rs 1100 crore. But the MHRD and University Grants Commission (UGC) denied the approval saying that it was not feasible. Later the project proposal was revised and the estimated cost was down sized to RS 140 crore. Even though the initial works on the proposed campus at Chelamaala near Perinthalmanna already started using Rs 10 crore of initial funds, the revised project was waiting the approval of MHRD.As the planning commission approved the project, the work of the new buildings at the proposed campus is expected to be started soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15798232", "title": "Two held for assaulting students", "text": "CHENNAI: Two engineering college students were arrested and later let off on bail for assaulting two school students at a hotel in Egmore on Saturday afternoon.Police said the fight broke out at a birthday party on Saturday afternoon. They said that two Class 12 students were dancing with some guests who were at the party. A fight broke out between the engineering students , Sanjay and Gopi, and the school students on the dance floor itself, where they verbally abused each other.Soon, the school students decided to leave the venue but they were confronted by another group that prevented them from leaving. However , they managed to escape and went to have dinner at a hotel in Nungambakkam. Sanjay and Gopi, studying in a private engineering college in the city, followed them. An argument ensued and they exchanged blows.Seeing them involved in a scuffle, a few onlookers came to their rescue, soothed them and sent them home. One of the class 12 students lodged a complaint at the Egmore police station.The police have registered a case under IPC (Indian Penal Code) sections 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint), 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt) and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means). Sanjay and Gopi were later let off on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15788250", "title": "Now, Kolkata Municipal Corporation stakes claim to Gandhi Bhawan", "text": "KOLKATA: The Gandhi Bhawan controversy has taken yet another turn with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) claiming rights over the property. The civic body has had management control over the historic property since 1981 and the authorities have documents to prove this, said mayor Sovan Chatterjee. The owners of the property, however, denied KMC's claims.Hyderi Manzil or Gandhi Bhawan hit headlines last December when the United Bank of India (UBI) issued a notice, putting the property on auction. The bank had then claimed that it held the property on mortgage. But the auction was stalled after the move drew criticism from several quarters.\"The state government had passed on management control of the property to the KMC in 1981. Ever since, the KMC has been in charge of maintaining the building and we have papers to support this. Accordingly, work on maintenance has also begun. The locals are with us and we shall make sure that the property is duly maintained,\" the mayor said. The civic body has started putting up a fence around the maidan.Chatterjee's claims found support in local MLA Paresh Pal who donated money from his local area development fund to set up the fence. \"KMC is the legal custodian of the property. Some promoters are trying to stake a claim to it, but we shall not let that happen. This is a historic building and the adjoining space has always been a playground. It will remain so,\" said Pal.The owners of the building at 150 B Beliaghata Main Road, on the other hand, said that the property had not been given to KMC. \"We had mortgaged a portion of the property to the bank. But it has never been taken over either by the state government or KMC. If they indeed had, then why are we still paying tax for the property?\" asked Manabendra Ghosh, one of the owners. Ghosh has lodged a complaint against the takeover at the local police station. He added that even though the state government had announced a takeover, it never happened. \"Neither were we paid any compensation nor informed about the takeover,\" said Ghosh.Local clubs, which have fought against the auction of the property, rejected the owners' version. \"They had mortgaged the building to the bank. It will be a pity if such a historic property is auctioned. Gandhiji had fasted here for 25 days and it's probably his strongest link with the city,\" said Sapan Kumar Ghosh of the local East Kulia Athletic Club. \"We shall protect the building and the ground at any cost,\" said Alok Ghosh of the local Gandhi Smarak Samity.The Gandhi Bhawan controversy has taken a new turn with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) claiming that they have had management control over the historic property since 1981. The civic authorities have got documents to prove this, according to mayor Shovan Chatterjee. It has also been pointed out that in 1982, the state government had apparently handed over the building at Beliaghata along with the adjoining Gandhi maidan to the civic body for maintenance. While the KMC has staked claim over the property and started putting up a fence around the maidan recently, the owners of the property have claimed that the KMC has no right over it and that it had not been taken over.Gandhi Bhavan shot into controversy last December after the United Bank of India (UBI) issued a notice putting the property on auction. The bank had claimed that they held the property on mortgage. It led to a furore and protests from various quarters, following which the auction was stalled.\"The state government had passed on management control of the property to the KMC in 1981. Ever since, the KMC has been in charge of maintaining the building and we have papers to support this. Work on maintainance has been started accordingly. The locals are with us and we shall make sure that the property is duly maintained,\" said mayor Shovan Chatterjee.The owners of the building at 150 B Beliaghata Main Road, on the other hand, claimed that the take-over was illegal and that the property had not been given to the KMC. \"We had mortgaged a portion of the property to the bank. But it has never been taken over, either by the state government or the KMC. If they indeed had, then why are we still having to pay tax for the property?\" asked Manabendra Ghosh, one of the owners. Ghosh has lodged a complaint against the take-over at the local police station.He added that even though the state government had announced a take-over, it never happened. \"We were not paid any compensation, nor informed about the take-over,\" said Ghosh.Local MLA Paresh Pal, who has donated money from his local area development fund to put the fence, said the KMC was the legal custodian of the property. \"Some promoters are trying to capture the historic property. But we sdhall not let them acquire it. This is a historic building and the adjoining space has always been a playground. They will remain so,\" said Pal.Local clubs, which have fought against the mortgage of the property, rejected the owners' claims. They have never visited the building nor done anything to preserve it, they said. \"They had mortgaged the building to the bank. It will be a pity if the property is auctioned for the building is a historic one. Gandhiji had fasted here for 25 days and it's probably his strongest link with the city,\" said Sapan Kumar Ghosh of the local East Kulia Athletic Club. \"We shall protect the building and the ground at any cost,\" said Alok Ghosh of the local Gandhi Smarak Samity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15795113", "title": "Bikers gangs loot valuables at gun-point", "text": "KANPUR: Miscreants targeted two persons in separate incidents in the city on Sunday morning and snatched jewellery and cash at gun-point.The first victim was Niralanagar resident Saket Tripathi, returning home on a two-wheeler after dropping his daughter Sneha at the inter-state Jhakarkati bus station.As soon as Tripathi reached Rajkiya Mahila Vidyalaya, he found three youth riding on a black motorcycle approaching him. One of them alighted from the motorcycle and whipped out a firearm.The crook threatened him to hand over gold ornaments and cash. He tried to offer resistance and turned around when other assailants grabbed him and asked for cash and valuables.The miscreants snatched two gold chains and cash from the man and escaped.In a similar incident, a grocery shop owner fell victim to three bike-borne miscreants in Naubasta.Shop owner Girish Mishra, a resident of K block in Naubasta, was sitting on his shop when the three arrived there and purchased cigarettes from him. Later, they pointed a gun at Mishra and snatched his gold chain.Locals heard his screams and rushed to the spot. By that time, the three managed to flee.The police have no clues about motor-cycle borne criminals. The victims have registered cases.With motorcycle-borne assailants striking at will, the cops are finding it tough to tackle the menace.The increasing use of firearms by these petty criminals is also a matter of concern. An analysis of the recent incidents of shooting and snatching in the city point to the involvement of a number of organised bike-borne gangs.On Friday, armed criminals had snatched cash and valuables worth Rs 5.40 lakh from a jeweller of Phool Wali Gali in Lal Bangla area.The robbers had shot at and critically injured jeweller Manish and his father Raj Kishore, before escaping with valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15790615", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation money going down the drain", "text": "JAIPUR: The tall claims by the civic authorities to build a clean city have fallen flat in the wake of the heavy rainfall that lashed Jaipur on Tuesday midnight.Despite employing 8,000 people and spending Rs 19crore per month on sanitation, the city streets are littered with garbage, and drains are choked. The Jaipur Municipal Corporation, in a face-saving effort, has now hired 3,000 more people on contract to clean the mess.However, a site inspection by the sanitation inspector revealed that not a single person was spotted at work.\"Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and JMC CEO Lok Nath Soni announced that they would hire additional 3,000 temporary workers to clean the city. I personally took a round of four wards (Civil Lines, Moti Doongri, Sanganer and Mansarovar), but did not find a single sweeper,\" claimed Roshan Saini, chairman, sanitation committee.He went on to allege that \"The mayor is only interested in meeting the CM to get more power or change CEOs. Sanitation of the city was never on her agenda for the last three years. I personally wrote thrice to the mayor and CEO for sanctioning funds for cleaning the drains, but didn't get any response.\"Consider this: the JMC employs 5,617 regular employees which includes sweepers. The total amount it spends to pay them per month stands at a staggering Rs 12 crore. To supervise them, 300 supervisors have been hired, which includes chief sanitary inspectors, sanitary inspectors, three health officers and one health commissioner.Besides, the regular expenses on lifting, transporting and dumping garbage are estimated at Rs 4-5 crore every month. Another 2,500 workers are employed through contractors on daily wages, the expenditure on which comes close to Rs 1.5 crore per month.In addition to all this, the collection of bio-medical waste has been privatized.\"Even after spending so much in the name of sanitation, Jaipur stands 230th in the Union ministry's ranking of 423 Class-I cities vis-a-vis sanitation conditions. One wonders where the money is going,\" an official said.\"The night sweeping that was carried out during former chief minister Vasundhara Raje's tenure has also stopped,\" the official added.The civic body has come under a lot of criticism for failing to start the door-to-door garbage collection system. Moreover, Jaipur is perhaps one of the few cities which follow a bizarre three-tier garbage collection system with a separate person to sweep roads, collect waste and then dump it. If one of them does not turn up, the area remains unclean for that particular day.The court, however, has intervened and asked the JMC to submit a detailed report on its cleanliness scheme.The Rajasthan high court had asked the JMC to submit its scheme for keeping the city clean, create awareness on civic sense and set up mobile courts to fine people on the spot for littering. Ashok Singh, director (law), JMC said, \"We had to work on 15-16 issues and submit a proposal within 60 days. The JMC is working on them and we would submit our proposal within a month.\"Even if JMC looks at hiring a private agency for 50% of the amount that it spends on sanitation, the city can sparkle. As of date, according to information, the JMC spends about Rs 19 crore per month on sanitation. But you never see a single soul cleaning and heaps of garbage sits for months covering half of the roads. And ironically even while the proposed door to door garbage collection has not yet been implemented by JMC, your monthly electricity bill has already started charging you for that service.Only about numbers:Regular employees 5,617Supervisory staff 300Contractual workers 2,500Additional temporary workers 3,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15779931", "title": "Gandak threatens PP embankment in Champaran", "text": "PATNA: River Gandak has now started threatening the Pipra-Piprasi (PP) embankment in the Dhanaha area of West Champaran district, as the constructions made by water resources department (WRD) engineers to keep the river water away from it have been washed away.It has put the WRD state headquarters on its toes and a high-level team of its engineers and officials, led by principal secretary Afzal Amanullah, would be making an on-the-spot assessment of the area on Monday. The team would also evaluate the level of anti-erosion work being done at the site.Earlier, the change in the course of the river Gandak led to maximum pressure on the constructions, like spurs, on the PP embankment in the area for over a month since July 22. Early this month, after the fast current and pressure of water partially damaged the spur, WRD headquarters deployed at the site 40 engineers, along with engineer-in-chief (north) Rajeshwar Dayal, to conduct anti-erosion operations on a war footing to save the remaining part of the damaged spur which, however, was washed away.The fresh threat of erosion was over the length of the embankment lying between its 26.1km and 26.75km points. \"At present, despite threat of erosion, the embankment is safe. The engineers engaged in the anti-erosion work have been maintaining utmost vigil. The work is going on day and night. WRD principal secretary would give necessary directions, if required, to insulate and protect the embankment from erosion at all cost,\" said Jawahar Lal, superintending engineering, flood monitoring cell of the department here, adding that engineers of the department would also accompany Amanullah during his inspection of the PP embankment on Monday.Meanwhile, WRD has asked the engineers on duty at Raghopur and Khairpur under Kharik block in Bhagalpur district to protect the revetment (supporting embankment) constructed along the upstream of the river Ganga. They have been asked to measure the depth of water level of the river near the revetment and take the necessary steps to prevent further erosion of the revetment.Besides, Bhagalpur divisional commissioner and DM visited and inspected the stretch where erosion was being caused by the river Ganga near Kajikoraiya village along its downstream near Vikramshila bridge under Gopalpur block in Bhagalpur district.Otherwise, all other embankments in the state were safe and all the rivers were also flowing below the danger mark. Besides, the canal network of the Kosi, Gandak and Sone river command areas was providing required water for the use of farmers to irrigate their land having paddy coverage, a WRD official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15786985", "title": "Engineering college fee to burn hole in pockets", "text": "HYDERABAD: If you are dreaming of getting into a top-notch engineering college in the state, then be prepared as a seat in these institutions will cost you a bomb this year. Eamcet counselling will start on August 30.The state government has finally fixed engineering first-year fee of 645 out of 717 engineering colleges in the state by issuing a 36-page notification containing five GOs late on Saturday night. According to the notification, a seat in 67 top tech colleges, most of them on city suburbs, is going to cost anywhere between Rs 51,800 and Rs 1.05 lakh.As per the GO, Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Science (CBIT) will have the highest fee structure of Rs 1.05 lakh, Vasavi Engineering College, Ibrahimpatnam Rs 98,700, VNR Vignana Jyothi Institute of Engineering and Technology 88,900 and Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Technology Rs 84,600.Other colleges which would have high fee structure include Kakatiya Institute of Technology and Science, Warangal (Rs 95,000), Muffakam Jah College of Engineering and Technology, Banjara Hills (Rs 83,600) and MVSR Engineering College, Nadergul, Ranga Reddy district (Rs 82,400).The new fee structure is the fallout of a Supreme Court order, which allows hike in fee to compensate for teachers' salaries paid as per the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations. The GO, however, states that if colleges are found not paying salaries as per the Sixth Pay Commission, the fee would be cut and legal action would be taken against institutions as per the AICTE and state government norms.The high fee in top engineering colleges might be reduced starting next year as a Supreme Court order states that the burden of fee, which is brought about by the Pay Commission's salary recommendations, would have to be borne by the first-year students who take admission starting from the academic year 2012-13.The GO has fixed a fee of Rs 35,000 for 578 engineering colleges which submitted undertakings to the Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee (AFRC) and the principal secretary, higher education's office accepting the earlier agreement on fee structure.The state has also fixed fee for B-Phamacy, Pharma D and B Arch courses. For five colleges offering B Pharmacy, the fee would be in the range of Rs 62,600 and Rs 91,700, highest being the fee of Sultan-Ul-Uloom College of Pharmacy. As per the order, 74 B-pharmacy colleges would have to collect fee of Rs 31,000 and 162 colleges Rs 35,000. Pharma-D colleges would have a fee of Rs 68,000 and two B Arch colleges Rs 35,000.The state government issued the GO late on Saturday (August 25), the date stipulated by the High Court to fix fee of colleges. However, with some colleges being allowed manifold hike, the state government has decided to crackdown on management quota admission. At a meeting held here on Sunday, the state government has decided to appoint overseeing officers to review admissions made under management quota (B category).\"Now that the fee has been hiked and both convener and management quota seats have the same fee, there will be strict monitoring of admissions into B category seats. Colleges will not be allowed to charge capitation fee. And, institutions, which are found to have made illegal admissions not following Eamcet merit list, will be penalised by booking police cases against the managements for fraud,\" higher and technical education minister Damodar Raja Narasimha said at a media briefing on Sunday.The college managements, however, stated that there were several irregularities in the GOs. \"Some colleges have an order from the High Court fixing their fee at Rs 50,200. If the government allows this fee structure for these colleges, we will withdraw our affidavits submitted to AFRC and demand higher fee,\" said Ramesh Nimatoori, president of engineering and professional college managements' association.About 72 colleges had approached court seeking fee of Rs 50,200. The state government is likely to appeal against the HC order on Monday. The decision on how much the government will reimburse under the fee reimbursement scheme is expected to be decided on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15810386", "title": "Singing &amp; dancing unlimited at Asutosh College", "text": "Black Eyed Peas, Bruno Mars, Adele to our desi Kailash Kher \u2014 freshers at Asutosh College touched a common chord between all as they sang, danced and won many hearts on the first day of Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012.As emcee Sidhu took to the stage on Wednesday afternoon, it was fun uninterrupted. While the guys were geared up to showcase their bit of talent in Round II, girls already had a reason to cheer. After all, two girls who win this contest might get a chance to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear.Chance Pe Dance: The second round saw the freshers putting their best foot forward. Judge for the event, actor Bhaswar Chatterjee, was thrilled. \"I too am from this college. In those days, we didn't have mobile phones. But we had what the college still has \u2014 some great girls,\" he said. That was also enough to pep up the mood for the afternoon. As Trishala Gurung belted out Don't you wish your girlfriend was hot like me, the crowd started shaking a leg. The response was enough to bag her the second runner-up's title. Anindita Santra's fusion of modern dance, Kathak and ballet earned her the first runner-up's title. But it was Shriya Dutta who stole the show with her classical dance recital to Kyun na bole mooh se Mohan kyun, churned out by DJ Cas.Winning Glory: Among the boys, it was Satadru Saha whose hip hop won him the second runner-up's title. In store was a lot more action. Prosenjit Adhya, a trained gymnast, showed some bold moves with a candle in hand and was adjudged the first runner-up. When Diptendu Roy's turn came, the crowd was already cheering out loud. As it went 'Go Deep', the singer belted out the folk number, Ami holam janam kana. An excited Sidhu said, \"After Pota, he is the next singer I spotted who sings folk wearing jeans!\" Diptendu was declared the winner. Register on itimes.com/freshface if you too want to participate and have a go at becoming the freshest face in your college", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15792178", "title": "'Never thought we would be speaking English'", "text": "MYSORE: Tousif Shariff can now not only understand English but can also speak the language. This auto driver, who has been in the profession for two decades now, never thought he would get an opportunity to learn to speak English in his lifetime. Now he can, thanks to Mythri, an initiative by the district administration.The district administration and tourism department in association with Rotary Mysore and Mahajana Institute of Tourism Development have started training auto drivers in spoken English, personality development, conduct, communication skills and basic information about tourist spots in the city.Rotary Mysore's former president T K Chittaranjan said, \"This training will help them to interact easily with tourists. They are trained to be polite and act as tourist guides as well.\"Auto drivers who have passed SSLC are handpicked by the authorities and are being trained specially for the peak tourist season in Dasara. Around 30 drivers are being trained in the first batch that began on August 6 and will end on September 1. For three days, auto drivers will be taken on a trip to tourist places.The auto drivers are only too happy with this training. \"Through this we not only get to learn many things but also earn respect. Till now people used to call us drivers but they have to address us as auto pilots soon,\" saidAsif Ali Khan. The 47-year-old who has studied till SSLC has been ferrying passengers for the past 18 years. \"We are taught how to greet tourists and be personable. We can now converse easily in English,\" he added.Mahesh H M, who has been driving an auto for the past 15 years, says, \"I never thought I would be able to speak in English but now I can frame sentences in it.\" Mahesh, a diploma holder, says he is able to respond in English as well.Chittaranjan is happy with the way Mythri scheme has benefited the autorickshaw drivers. \"I can see a big change in them. They have become more polite and friendlier. Also they are able to speak English well.\" Autos under the Mythri scheme will be equipped with GPS, tourist guide, city map and other facilities that can help tourists. The drivers will also sell tourist guides and maps to passengers, he added.\"We are taught to treat tourists as god. The motto is 'athithi devo bhava'. Personality development classes are very helpful,\" said Satyanarayan R, a B Com graduate who has been in the profession for 10 years now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-27"}
