{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11881424", "title": "Stop migration of villagers to cities: Seers", "text": "BELGAUM: The only solution for stopping migration of rural people towards cities is to provide proper basic facilities in villages and create earning opportunities.This can happen only through promoting agriculture, said Kadasiddeshwar Swami of Kaneri Mutt in Maharashtra.In the recent years, migration trend has considerably increased, due to negligence of the government towards villages. People, particularly youths are feel that there is nothing rleft in villages for them to stay back, so they have go to cities for earning. This attitude should be changed he said.He was speaking at Krishi Abhivrudhi Chintana Shibira, organized to discuss the role of religious institutions in the promotion of agriculture. The camp was part of progressive campaign 'Srigala Nadige Krishi Kadege' (Seers' steps towards agriculture), being undertaken in the leadership of Siddharam Swami of Naganuru Rudrakshimath here and former minister A B Patil. Over 70 seers from different matts across North Karnataka were present.According to the seer, this campaign is a revolutionary step taken by the mutts, which could bring a whole lot of changes in various sections of the society in future. \"Mutts can promote agriculture in various ways like creating awareness, printing agricultural literature, distributing good quality seeds, constructing cold storages and warehouses and encouraging achiever farmers by felicitating them, he said.JD(S) leader Basavaraj Horatti called upon the mutts to concentrate on the new mission and help villagers improve their living standards.Agriculture minister Umesh Katti said promotion of agriculture by seers was one of the progressive developments. \"I will follow the guidance of seers and help this mission, in my limits\", he said. The camp was inaugurated by Siddeshwar Swami of Jnanayogashram, Bijapur.S B Dandin, vice-chancellor of University of Horticulture Sciences of Bagalkot, V-Cs of agriculture universities in Dharwad and Raichur- R R Hanchinal and B V Patil respectively and Suresh Honnappagol, V-C of Karnataka Veterinary, Animal and Fisheries Sciences University of Bidar and president of Karnataka Krishi Mission (KKM) S A Patil delivered lectures on various subjects.Former union minister Babagouda Patil, former minister A B Patil, Siddaram Swami of Belgaum, Shivalingeshwar Swami of Nidasosi, Mahant Swami of Ilakal and Mrityunjay Swami of Kudalsangam were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11882303", "title": "Sharmila Tagore buys new flat for Soha", "text": "The actress buys a sprawling flat for daughter Soha in Khar, where she is expected to move in after her marriage with Kunal KhemuAll eyes have been on her brother Saif Ali Khan and his impending marriage to Kareena Kapoor . And while the paparazzi have been busy chasing the big brother, Soha Ali Khan along with mum Sharmila Tagore have been busy sorting out details of her life after marriage.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Sharmila has bought a1500 sq feet plush flat in Sunder Villa building, off Linking Road, bang opposite Khar Telephone Exchange along with her daughter Soha. Sharmila even told the society members that Soha and her boyfriend Kunal Khemmu would live in the flat after their wedding.\"The property in question is worth approximately Rs 9 crore and has been bought under the joint names of Sharmila and Soha,\" a society office bearer told Mirror.Earlier, Sunder Villa was a three-storey building. Now it is being converted into a nine-storey tower. Whether the old name will be retained for the new construction, has not been decided yet. With the compound area of Sunder Villa considerably reduced due to the new floor plan, every level will have it's own parking. In fact, residents will now be able to take up their cars right up to their own flats.According to a society office bearer, Soha will be living on the ninth floor. \"In fact, the entire ninth floor would be Soha's,\" added the source. In fact, Soha has already appointed an architect to work on the interiors of the flat.With the flat ready, the Soha-Kunal wedding is likely to take place early next year. \"Soha and Kunal are madly in love and unlike last year, now very open about their relationship,\" said a common friend of the couple.On her work front, Soha is excited about a love story called Chemistry with Shreyas Talpade . On the other hand, Kunal will be seen in Mahesh Bhatt's next, Blood Money.Repeated calls and text messages to Sharmila Tagore, failed to evoke a response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879637", "title": "Lalu Prasad &amp; Mishra appear in fodder scam case", "text": "RANCHI: Former chief ministers of Bihar - Lalu Prasad and Jagannath Mishra - the main accused in multi-crore fodder scam, will appear in the court of special CBI judge, PK Singh, on Tuesday to get their statements recorded. Lalu has already arrived here from Delhi.The case involves fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 37.39 crore from the Chaibasa treasury in West Singhbhum district. Altogether 350 prosecution witnesses were examined in the case that was registered in 1996.Sources in the CBI said, a total of 53 cases were lodged in the fodder scam. Lalu is accused in five cases including (RC 20), for which he will have to appear in the court on Tuesday.Special CBI advocate BMP Singh said the court has fixed the date for recording of statements of two former chief ministers along with some senior bureaucrats, including suspended IAS officer Sajal Chakravarty.\"The special CBI judge will directly question the accused, including the two former chief ministers on the evidences produced by CBI in the court. The accused will have to give answer to each question,\" said the CBI advocate.The other main accused in the case are Lok Sabha MP from Jahanbad in Bihar, Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers Julius Beck, Mahendra Prasad and Phul Chandra Singh and animal husbandry (AHD) officers KM Prasad and SN Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879443", "title": "Soon, digital maps of govt land in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad district administration has decided to soon post digital maps of government-owned land in the city on its portal (www.hyderabad.gov.in) in an effort to check encroachment of these properties.\"Hundreds of acres of government land lies under the Hyderabad district jurisdiction. Land sharks are eyeing these properties. The issue came to light when local revenue authorities visited these sites and found that the land had been encroached upon. Squatters are moving court claiming ownership of these plots. As a result, the government has lost possession of valuable real estate in the city as it keeps getting embroiled in legal wrangles,\" Hyderabad district revenue officer K Madanamohan Rao told TOI.\"We collected house number data from the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation and superimposed it on our records but they did not tally. In some cases, government land is being shown as private land. In view of these problems, we have decided to digitize records of government land spread across the 16 mandals (Amberper, Ameerpet, Asifnagar, Bahadurpura, Bandlaguda, Charminar, Golconda, Himayathnagar, Khairatabad, Marredpally, Musheerabad, Nampally Saidabad, Secunderabad, Shaikpet and Trimulgherry) in Hyderabad district,\" he said.Tehsildars have been given the responsibility of identifying government land and using the geographic information system ( GIS) to upload maps on the district website.Later, these maps would be linked to Google Earth, Rao said. The project has been awarded to Global Information Technology ( GIT). \"Once the project is completed, any citizen can visit the portal and select an area to check land holding before purchasing property. The new system will be launched in March,\" he replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884117", "title": "Ringing in the Season of Love", "text": "Alright folks. Valentine's Day is here. Have you said those three magical words to the object of your affections? Or are you still lost for words and cat's got your tongue?Whether you're single and ready to mingle or are already lucky in love, the city of Chennai has answers for all your needs. Why, just ask these partygoers who walked into this popular restobar in full force to unwind in the company of their loved ones and best buddies. While romance occupied centre-stage as usual, there was also hearty banter and some great food to keep these revellers happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879272", "title": "Cops to escort Aleena back home", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has decided to extend a helping hand to Aleena Hussain who was found abandoned at Bandra railway station in Mumbai on February 6. The government on Monday sent two women police officials and a senior civil police officer to Mumbai to bring her home safely.The girl is presently in safe custody at Bapnu Ghar, a charity home for women and children in Worli.\"After reading the report in The Times of India, I contacted the DGP, asking him to do everything possible to help the girl. As of now, we have not been able to find Aleena in the list of missing people. Police from the state will go to Mumbai and bring the girl back to Kerala,'' said chief minister Oommen Chandy . \"We have contacted the Mumbai police and ensured that the girl will be in the safe custody of Bapnu Ghar authorities till the cops from from Kerala reach there,'' he said. \"We tried the contact number she gave to Mumbai police, but found that such a number does not exist. Following the reports that she had a second-class train ticket to Chengannoor, we have asked the police to see if they can collect any details from there,'' Chandy said.Additional director general of police T P Sen Kumar said the police team from Kozhikode had already left for Mumbai. Once the team reaches Mumbai, they will visit Bapnu Ghar along with the RPF officials in Bandra.\"Top police officials from Kerala have informed us that they will reach here on Tuesday,\" said Vijay Dhopaokar, senior inspector, RPF station, Bandra. He said that the cops were at loss as the girl could not give any details other than her and her father's name.\"We cannot allow her to stay in the charity home for more than a couple of days,\" he said. Aleena Hussain was found wandering at Bandra railway station when the RPF took her into custody on February 6. According to her, she was on her way back home, when she was separated from her father in Bandra railway station. Introducing herself as Aleena, she said her father is Hussain from Idukki.As the girl was not ready to reveal anything else, cops sought the help of Bombay Kerala Muslim Jamaath leaders. They also couldn't get her to give any other details. Hence the police decided to accommodate her in Bapnu Ghar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11881839", "title": "Another day won in the fight against filth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vilappilsala resembled a war front on Monday. Men stood guard in small groups right from early morning at junctions. Youth vroomed around in bikes to signal the arrival of garbage trucks. Wary eyes peeped out from homes on either side of roads that led to the factory.The dusty, badly-tarred stretch of road in front of the factory was swarmed with agitators. High-pitched exhortations from leaders of janakiya samithi filled the air. The crowd sat attentive to their leaders. The atmosphere slowly became tense. The bevy of police closed in and the shouting of slogans became louder.A youth scrammed towards the agitators and announced, \"Its coming\". As the garbage trucks arrived escorted by police jeeps, the women cried hoarse, \"go back, go back\". The police was patient and the mob restive.The repeated pleas of Rural SP A J Thomas Kutty got drowned in the slogan shouting. By noon, the police circled the group of protesters. A police van was summoned and the locals sensed danger.They lay flat on the ground. The leaders urged the front row of agitators not to give up. One by one, the police carried the agitators to the police van. The young scowled and shouted while the aged voluntarily stepped into the van.The first two vans moved peacefully. Then group of indignant youth planted obstacles on the road. They used everything from telephone poles to freshly chopped banana plants.Large rocks and cement blocks were also used. When the van ran over the blocks, the youth resorted to stones. The police hit back with teargas shells and stinger grenades.Meanwhile at the factory gate, hungry protestors wolfed down steaming porridge. The police slowly started withdrawing from the scene as directed by ADM Girija.Cheers erupted as the trucks started off on their way back without unloading the garbage. Joyous crowd carried the leaders of janakiya samithi on their shoulders.The youth marched in and roared their success. \"We are happy beyond words. This has been a struggle for our life and we have forced them to back out,\" said S Burhan, leader of Janakiya samithi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11879088", "title": "Tackle Maoist menace politically: G K Pillai", "text": "GUWAHATI: With security experts increasingly expressing concern over Maoists' inroad into Assam, former Union home secretary G K Pillai on Monday said efforts should be made to politically tackle the issue at the grassroots before ultra-left extremism takes shape of a full-fledged arms movement.\"Maoist threat is certainly emerging in the state. The strategy of Red rebels is to fish in troubled waters and exploit any grievances or even perceived grievances. This has to be tackled politically at the grassroots and should not be allowed to convert itself into an armed movement,\" said Pillai.The former home secretary suggested that Assam should learn from the experiences of Maoist-hit Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Odisha so that it can nip the threat in the bud.\"All political parties and NGOs in Assam should take note of what Maoists are planning and counter its propaganda with a well-planned campaign at the grassroots. Maoists are fascist in character. They have no faith in parliamentary democracy and believe in armed movement to capture political power,\" Pillai said.Asked whether Maoists will be able to get an ideological foothold in the northeast where majority of the armed movements are confined to ethnic identities or sub-nationalism, Pillai said ethnic equations in the region might change any moment, paving the way for Maoist ideology.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, however, said he did not see any difference between Maoists and other armed groups in the region as all of them believe in violence to achieve their goals.\"I see no difference between armed groups in the region and Maoists. They are actually cousins because violence is the only method they use to fulfill their demands,\" Gogoi said. He, however, exuded confidence in tackling the menace through economic and social justice.On armed groups in other states of the region, Pillai said three factions of NSCN continue to intimidate and extort money \"at will\" in Nagaland with state government and state police remaining mere spectators. He hoped that the \"contours of settlement\" between NSCN (IM) and the Centre would be reached by the end of 2012 as both sides have shown \"pragmatism\" in resolving the issue.On Manipur, Pillai said, the \"contours\" of peace were not clear yet as there has been a worrying \"disconnect\" between the state government and the Centre on tackling the security situation. \"A significant portion of UNLF leadership was arrested and detained in the last two years. However, PLA continues to remain as a threat. On the other hand, Manipur Police (Manipur) has become politicized and highly dysfunctional. And more worrying is the disconnect between state government and the Centre on how to tackle the security situation and the consequent social and economic fallout,\" added Pillai.Pillai said the Centre had to intervene with a special Rs 240 Crore project for augmenting security apparatus in Tirap and Changlang districts of Arunachal Pradesh, where NSCN (IM) and NSCN (K) were vying for supremacy through extortion, kidnapping and killing. He added that law and order in Meghalaya showed deterioration in last few years, while Tripura showed stability and improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881567", "title": "'We hope it never happens again'", "text": "PUNE: People from various parts of the city turned up at the German Bakery on Monday to pay tributes with candles, wreaths and photographs of the victims of the bomb blast that occurred there two years back.Rakesh Khanwani, a resident of Koregaon Park, said, \"Those images are still fresh in my mind. I was staying as a paying guest in the lane just next to the bakery. I heard the sound of the blast and rushed to the bakery with my friends. Little did we realize at that time that the blast could be an act of terrorists. We realized what a horrifying moment that was only after things started unfolding later.\"Khanwani, who lit candles in the memory of the victims of the blast, said, \"I remember the sight of innocent people lying around with their hands or legs blown off. Some of them were crying, not knowing what to do, even as people around began to rush the injured to hospitals in rickshaws. These images flash past my mind every time I go by the bakery. I don't know if I will ever forget those moments.\"Another resident of Koregaon Park, Ketan Puri, said, \"The blast was a terrifying incident. We cannot forget it. Innocent lives were lost and we can only hope that such an incident never happens again.\"Several citizens' groups came to the bakery in the evening to pay tributes. Members of one such group from Wanowrie observed a candlelight vigil. A member of the group, Krishna Mehta , said, \"As citizens of Pune, it is our responsibility to be aware and alert to such happenings. It was a lesson for all of us.\"Sangeeta Tiwari, chairman of the municipal school board, also paid tributes at the bakery. She was accompanied by students of municipal schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879428", "title": "Criminal wanted in several cases arrested in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The district police on Monday arrested a criminal who was wanted in more than 12 cases. The criminal arrested from Tamar area has been identified as Kasinath Nayak alias Bhondu.Police said Nayak was wanted in over a dozen cases, including loot, dacoity, murder and extortion, in Ranchi and neighbouring Khunti district. He was involved in six murder cases, including killing for four members of a family at Khunti in September last year. SSP Saket Kumar Singh said in September last year, Nayak along with his associate Open Nag abducted Arun Sahu, his wife and two children. The four were taken to some isolated place and were killed.The SSP said police have been trying to arrest Nayak for the past few months. \"In the morning, we got a tip off that Nayak was taking shelter in Tamar. Officer-in-charge of Namkum immediately rushed to the place and arrested Nayak and recovered two sim from his possession,\" said Singh. Police sources said Nayak, notorious for murder and extortion, was released on bail from jail around one-and-a-half years back. He was also involved in murder of one Prem Kachap at Namkum when he declined to give donation for Saraswati puja a fortnight back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881553", "title": "Nayana murder suspect denied bail", "text": "PUNE: The bail plea of Mahesh Thakur, a suspect in the gang rape and murder of techie Nayana Pujari, was refused bail for the second time by principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar, on Monday.\"The gravity and brutality of the crime is such that it will shake the belief of common man in law and order. There is over whelming evidence against Thakur and if he is granted bail then it will have an adverse impact on the society,\" said the judge.The bail order reads, \"The material on record prima facie shows that Thakur was party to the conspiracy in the crime and this does not entitle him to seek bail.\"Special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar argued that there was sufficient evidence to show that Thakur and others had entered into a criminal conspiracy for kidnapping, raping and murdering Pujari.Nimbalkar submitted that Thakur had received Rs 7,600 out of the Rs 61,000 withdrawn from Pujari's account from various ATMs, which they did by forcing her to reveal her password. The prosecution feared that Thakur may go missing if he was released on bail.Thakur's lawyer Biju Aloor had sought bail on the grounds that the trial in the case had come to a stand still as the main suspect Yogesh Raut had escaped from police custody on September 17, 2011, but the trial was not seperated against the other suspects.He argued the prosecution had not taken steps to declare Raut a proclaimed offender under sections 82 and 83 of the Criminal Procedure Code.He submitted Thakur was implicated on suspicion, his test identification parade was not conducted and there was no evidence of conspiracy against him.Pujari was an employee of Synechron, a software company at Kharadi. She was found murdered at the Zarewadi forest area at Rajgurunagar in Khed, about 50 km from here, on October 8, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881714", "title": "Love in the time of 'policing'", "text": "PATNA: Couples take heart, the city police are making elaborate arrangements to ensure the day of love passes off peacefully without any ugly scenes by self-proclaimed guardians of morality. The police in civil clothes will keep a close watch on trouble-makers at city hotspots like shopping malls, cafeterias, movie halls and parks. Patna SSP Alok Kumar has asked couples to call the police control room at 0612-2201977 if they need any help.A musical programme has been organised in Ganga diara by the Bhagirathi Bihar restaurant. \"We expect a footfall of about 1,000 couples,\" said Prakash from the restaurant, adding, \"different types of games will be organized. We also have gifts for winners. The restaurant will be open from 11 am to 6 pm.\"The Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC), which has six cottages in the Ganga diara, is also going to serve special dishes to couples. The floating restaurant at Gandhi ghat will be open from 11 am to 5 pm,\" said Gajendra Singh , a BSTDC official.The city's lone revolving restaurant, Pind Balluchi's lounge and bar will have a V-Day theme. \"Complimentary drinks will be served to couples,\" said Amar Kumar, manager.Soaked in V-Day mood are restaurants in Hotel Maurya, Hotel Chanakya, Gargee Grande and Purple Lounge. The Patna zoo, too, is decked up for couples. \"Women constables and police officials in plain clothes will be deployed at the zoo. They have been told to look for mischief mongers,\" said the SSP.At Eco Park, Kumhrar Park, Kankarbagh Park, Patna Museum, diara areas, Gandhi Ghat and Darbhanga House the police are keeping a watch on eve-teasers. Adequate police will also be deployed at various shopping complexes, including Maurya Lok, P&M; Mall, 9 to9, twin-towers and restaurants. Mobile policemen will also be on their rounds.FLOWER POWER KEEPS FLORISTS AND HEARTS TICKINGPatna: A large number of boys and girls who had met on networking sites and become friends are going online to buy gifts. \"Couples in Patna are buying more flowers online than through shops. If 60 couples have purchased flowers online, only 40 have bought it manually,\" said Satish Makharia from a flower shop on Boring Road.\"Not only are they buying online, boys and girls here are also sending flowers to their loved ones who are staying in a different place,\" added Makharia.This agency has brought special Valentine's Day roses from Delhi. They cost Rs 300 to Rs 400 per bunch. A top-end florist at Dakbungalow has brought a wide range of flowers from Pune, Kolkata and Delhi. \"We will sell the best flowers to our clients,\" said Anshul Poddar, its manager.Makeshift flower shops have also sprung up at almost every corner. They are cheaper and leaving lovers spoilt for choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880287", "title": "City of blues: Next, govt buildings to be painted", "text": "KOLKATA: We have already seen flyovers, bridges, park railings and even tree trunks going blue. Government buildings in Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA) will also meet the same fate.On Monday, municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim met representatives of all civic bodies located within KMA to lay out the beautification plans. The minister said Kolkata will be a 'sky blue city' and the government wants all urban areas under KMA to follow suit. The KMA includes North and South 24-Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly and Nadia.\"All government buildings and bridges will be coloured sky blue,\" said Hakim.However, no new budgetary allocation will be made for giving the city this new look. The paint cost will be included in the yearly maintenance cost.On Saturday, transport minister Madan Mitra had said that all taxis in the city will be coloured blue-and-white as well.How the civic bodies can develop street-lighting and illumination was also discussed at the meeting. New streetlights will be installed on all main roads in urban areas, said Hakim. Several key roads have already got new streetlights.The minister has also instructed all civic bodies to complete the ongoing housing projects under the Basic Services for the Urban Poor (BSUP) by March 31. Around 10,000 flats will be constructed under the scheme this year. Next year, 6,500 flats will be constructed under the scheme. The minister discussed the issue in detail with the civic body representatives.The KMDA is also working on a Rs 640 crore trans-municipality water supply project under the Centre's JNNURM scheme. In this project, surface water will be supplied to Barasat, Madhyamgram, Khardah and New Barrackpore.The government wants to take a holistic approach for the beautification programme. Officials said the beautification plan will help the municipalities create an eco-friendly environment with proper infrastructure and pave the way for housing projects and employment generation in these areas. KMDA is working on preparing an outline on the land-use plan for KMA area, specifying building bylaws.The KMDA was already working on a master plan to develop the peri-urban areas of the state.The authorities are concerned that the high population growth in peri-urban areas within KMA was resulting in pressure on land, water supply and basic amenities like sanitation, drainage and transport. These result in haphazard and unplanned growth and uncontrolled land use and environmental degradation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880851", "title": "Book on infidelity talks about \u20183-year itch\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: The shelf life of a marriage has now reduced to three years, according to Dr Vijay Nagaswami, a leading psychiatrist in the city. Nagaswami was speaking after releasing his third book \"3's A Crowd: Understanding and Surviving Infidelity\" in the series on the 'New Indian Marriage'.The release was the most anticipated one, both by his publishers and his readers, a fact also made evident by the number of people who attended Monday's gathering. The book has been published by Westland. \"Around a third of the people who come to me are going through some form of infidelity.Either they are having an affair, want to have one or their partner is having one,\" said Dr Nagaswami. \"In fact that was how most of the research for my book was done.\" Dr Nagaswami said during his research on infidelity he found out that most extra-marital affairs happened in the third year of the marriage. He calls it the three-year itch.Earlier, they used to take place during the 10th or 15th year of marriage. He said he also found that there was an increasing number of \" silver anniversary\" affairs, where couples married for over 25 years admitted to having affairs.Alarmingly, more couples were seeking a divorce within six months of marriage. The first half of Dr Nagaswami's book deals with the various kinds of extra-marital affairs - the sexual affair, the emotional affair, the combined affair (both emotional and sexual), the parental pattern affair (where there is a greater chance of a child having an affair if the parent has had one), the revenge affair and so on.The second half deals with how infidelity can be survived.\"A word of advice when it comes to affair-proofing a marriage is to recognise and appreciate that we are all vulnerable. It's like taking life insurance - you don't do it because you think you are going to die, but only because it reduces the pain caused by the vulnerability,\" said Dr Nagaswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881722", "title": "Love in the time of 'policing'", "text": "PATNA: Couples take heart, the city police are making elaborate arrangements to ensure the day of love passes off peacefully without any ugly scenes by self-proclaimed guardians of morality. The police in civil clothes will keep a close watch on trouble-makers at city hotspots like shopping malls, cafeterias, movie halls and parks. Patna SSP Alok Kumar has asked couples to call the police control room at 0612-2201977 if they need any help.A musical programme has been organised in Ganga diara by the Bhagirathi Bihar restaurant. \"We expect a footfall of about 1,000 couples,\" said Prakash from the restaurant, adding, \"different types of games will be organized. We also have gifts for winners. The restaurant will be open from 11 am to 6 pm.\"The Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC), which has six cottages in the Ganga diara, is also going to serve special dishes to couples. The floating restaurant at Gandhi ghat will be open from 11 am to 5 pm,\" said Gajendra Singh , a BSTDC official.The city's lone revolving restaurant, Pind Balluchi's lounge and bar will have a V-Day theme. \"Complimentary drinks will be served to couples,\" said Amar Kumar, manager.Soaked in V-Day mood are restaurants in Hotel Maurya, Hotel Chanakya, Gargee Grande and Purple Lounge. The Patna zoo, too, is decked up for couples. \"Women constables and police officials in plain clothes will be deployed at the zoo. They have been told to look for mischief mongers,\" said the SSP.At Eco Park, Kumhrar Park, Kankarbagh Park, Patna Museum, diara areas, Gandhi Ghat and Darbhanga House the police are keeping a watch on eve-teasers. Adequate police will also be deployed at various shopping complexes, including Maurya Lok, P&M; Mall, 9 to9, twin-towers and restaurants. Mobile policemen will also be on their rounds.FLOWER POWER KEEPS FLORISTS AND HEARTS TICKINGPatna: A large number of boys and girls who had met on networking sites and become friends are going online to buy gifts. \"Couples in Patna are buying more flowers online than through shops. If 60 couples have purchased flowers online, only 40 have bought it manually,\" said Satish Makharia from a flower shop on Boring Road.\"Not only are they buying online, boys and girls here are also sending flowers to their loved ones who are staying in a different place,\" added Makharia.This agency has brought special Valentine's Day roses from Delhi. They cost Rs 300 to Rs 400 per bunch. A top-end florist at Dakbungalow has brought a wide range of flowers from Pune, Kolkata and Delhi. \"We will sell the best flowers to our clients,\" said Anshul Poddar, its manager.Makeshift flower shops have also sprung up at almost every corner. They are cheaper and leaving lovers spoilt for choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11879832", "title": "Bengal ropes in SRK as brand ambassador", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal hopes to give its image a zing by making Shah Rukh Khan the state's brand ambassador. Call it Bengal's answer to Gujarat that has roped in Amitabh Bachchan.There was a buzz around the brand Badshah ever since CM Mamata Banerjee invited him to inaugurate the Kolkata Film Festival last November. On Monday, the CM officially announced that Shah Rukh was going to be the face of Bengal. An official at the CM's office said the preliminary discussions had been held during King Khan's visit to film festival.\"Didi was keen to have Shah Rukh Khan as Bengal's brand ambassador and he had said 'yes' right then. He sent his written acceptance today, so it's official now,\" he said.There is a lot of expectation from Shah Rukh - hope that Bengal can cash in on the star's worldwide popularity. As the owner of the Kolkata Knightriders IPL team, he has a huge fan base in the state.And it also helps that he has reputation of a thorough professional and a workaholic. In his letter to the CM, Shah Rukh has said that he considers Bengal his second home and is delighted to be the face of the state. He will be seen in advertisements and events related to tourism, sports and other activities, just as Bachchan is doing for Gujarat, say sources.Comparisons between Bengal and Gujarat are unavoidable with the Left Front's abhorrence of Narendra Modi , the Tata Nano moving to Sanand from Singur, and Gujarat surging miles ahead from Bengal on industrialization. Bengal's brand image now is nothing to write home about. The Left Front government had made an attempt to resuscitate its brand by engaging a private company. The mission never took off because Mamata ousted the Left government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11879419", "title": "CM wants statewide consensus on CNT Act", "text": "GARHWA: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday said leaders of political parties should take united stand on the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act instead of making it a controversial issue. Munda was addressing the mediapersons at the Circuit house before his departure from Garhwa.Munda said, \"Some political parties are in favour of amendments in the CNT Act. Some say that the act should be changed, yet there are some others who strongly oppose any amendment in the act.\"Those who are in favour of amendments say that the act is meant to trigger social unrest in society. On the other hand, those who oppose any amendment say that the CNT Act has been in existence for years and with the high court order, steps should be taken by the government to ensure that the verdict is implemented, Munda said.\"In my personal opinion,\" Munda said, \"the government should take all sections of the society into confidence and set the ball rolling for bringing necessary amendments to the act.\" He, however, said the CNT Act should not be made controversial as it will lead to differences and consequently hurt the state's development. \"It will be better for the political parties to create amicable environment to solve this issue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879251", "title": "Jewish tourists draw India into conflict map", "text": "NEW DELHI: In recent years, quiet rendezvous points for Jewish travellers, Jewish establishments and Israeli tourists have become likely terror targets with the Lashkar-e-Taiba squad that attacked Mumbai being tasked to hit a little-known Chabad house in the city as well.The attack on the Chabad house - run by Jewish missionaries - was directed over the phone by Pakistani Lashkar controllers and claimed six lives. The target had been surveyed in detail prior to the 26/11 Mumbai attacks and key plotter David Headley, a Pakistani-American, returned to scout Jewish establishments in no less than five cities.The West Asia conflict makes Jewish establishments vulnerable and Israeli agencies have warned of fresh Mumbai-style attacks and asked its citizens to be careful. One such warning read, \"The terror group that carried out the 2008 Mumbai attack can conduct a number of attacks across India, including on the concentration of Western tourists and Israelis and may also attack Chabad houses.\"Monday's attack on an Israeli diplomat, seen to be sponsored by Iranian groups, adds a new dimension to the threat posed by Sunni Deobandi groups like Lashkar. This adds a new aspect to the threats to Israelis as the perpetrators may be Shias sympathetic to Iran's conflict with the United States and the Jewish state. Iran has regularly funded and backed the Hezbollah to target Israel.Headley was not only instrumental in the Mumbai mayhem, he was also told by his handlers Ilyas Kashmiri - killed in a drone strike in Pakistan - and Sajid Mir to return to India after 26/11 and travel to places like Delhi, Goa, Pune and Pushkar to scout for Chabad houses and other places where Israeli nationals may be staying. His trips to India were also partly financed by a Major Iqbal, a serving officer in the Pakistani army who met Headley on his visits to Pakistan.According to the National Investigation Agency chargesheet, he came to India in March 2009, to help plan coordinated strikes on Jewish targets. In Mumbai, he reconnoitered the EI Al office on Cuffe Parade. In Delhi, he stayed at the low-end tourist district of Paharganj where a Chabad house is located.In Pushkar, Headley insisted on a room that had a view of the local Jewish praying centre and struck up an acquaintance with a couple who told him of a Chabad house in Goa. Headley then went to Anjuna in Goa and then to Pune where he set base at Koregaon Park, well-known for its Osho ashram. He staked out a Chabad house there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11879257", "title": "Many injured in clash at Karimganj railway station", "text": "SILCHAR: A clash between passengers travelling without tickets and railway officials left many injured at the Karimganj railway station on Monday morning.Sources said a number of passengers who attended the 47th annual conference of North-East India Emarate Shariah and Nadwatut Tamir and 60th convocation of Al-Jamiatul Arbiatul Islamia (Deorail Darul Hadis), the largest Muslim gathering in North-East held at Badarpur on Sunday, boarded the Lumding-Agartala special train on Monday morning without purchasing tickets.When the train reached Karimganj station, 20 km from Badarpur, at 10.30 am on Monday, the ticket checker demanded tickets from the passengers. However, many of them failed to produce the same. When the official sought to slap a fine, they engaged in a clash with the ticket checker and the security personnel accompanying him. Railway officials present at the station also protested and a clash began, leaving many injured, including the TTE.Sources said the irate passengers also damaged furniture in the offices at the railway station. The injured have been admitted to Karimganj Civil Hospital and released after preliminary treatment. No one has been arrested in connection with the incident. Thusands of Muslims from different parts of North-East take part in the annual conference at Badarpur in Karimganj district, 33 km from here which is addressed by senior Muslim scholars of the country. This is considered as the largest Islamic gathering in this part of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11881920", "title": "Book fair at Khalsa College", "text": "LUDHIANA: A two-day book fair was inaugurated at Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women , Gujharkhan Campus, Model Town, on Monday.Navtej Bharti, a poet from Canada inaugurated the exhibition. At the occasion, various publishers from Ludhiana, Samana and Delhi exhibited their books on various subjects.The endeavour was taken by the college in order to inculcate reading habits and love for books among students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11879981", "title": "British Muslims in state to study communal harmony", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Islamophobia, which has gripped the western countries, stemmed from the lack of knowledge on Islam, observed a four-member delegation of prominent British Muslims, here on Monday.Interacting with the students of Farook College, Yusuf Ebrahim Akudi, a member of the delegation, which kick-started the five-day visit on Monday, said, \"Islam was not able to reach out to the public to explain the faith.\"The team visited Kozhikode as part of their India tour to study the communal harmony existing between different communities in the state. Appreciating the harmony, the team said they would try to replicate the Kerala-model in the Britain once they reach there. In Kozhikode the team visited Farook College and University of Calicut on Monday.The delegation will meet key representatives from social, educational, and political fields in a bid to understand key concerns of Muslims in India and to give them a realistic picture of Islam in Britain. It will enable 'cross-fertilization of ideas' between British and Indian Muslims and activists working on interfaith, integration and community issues, according to the delegation.In New Delhi the team will meet Muslim community leaders, workers and representatives of Darul Uloom, Deoband and interact with students and youth at an interactive session in the Jamia Millia Islamia.\"I am honoured to visit a country as dynamic as India. I am here to gain a more nuanced perspective of the lives and aspirations of Muslims in India. I hope that the visit will facilitate mutual understanding of Indo-British cultures and enable us to appreciate one another in a positive light,\" said, Dr Abdul B Shaikh, a team member and lecturer in comparative religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879540", "title": "Suicide threat leads to law exam venue change", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at PG College of Law located on Nizam College campus in Basheerbagh on Monday morning when a law student locked himself up in a room and threatened to commit suicide if his demands were not met.Following this, the college administration had to shift the ongoing semester exam venue to another building on the campus.At around 8.30 am Ateeq, an LLB III year student of PG College of Law entered the college premises and locked himself up in a room. He worked as an assistant to a city-based advocate.According to Abids inspector K Shiva Kumar, Ateeq was carrying petrol in a plastic bottle and threatened to set himself ablaze if his demands were not met.\"Ateeq wanted that the law college students should be provided hostel facility on the Osmania University campus. He also demanded that OU law college faculty be deputed to teach them,\" the inspector said. The college administration along with police tried for over two hours to convince Ateeq to call off the protest but in vain. Finally at about 11 am, a team of cops gained entry into the building by opening the rear side iron grills using gas cutters and pinned him down.Ateeq was arrested for attempting to commit suicide under section 309 of the IPC. \"Due to the protest, the semester exam started 30 minutes late and it was held at Nizam College,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882638", "title": "Far from the madding crowd", "text": "BANGALORE: Love is in the air, fresh air. V-Day celebrants are headed to hill stations, with Coorg and Chikmagalur being the most popular destinations this year.While some couples were already on their way by Monday, others left late Monday night to reach their destinations latest by Tuesday morning. After a two-day stay, they plan to head back to Bangalore, said travel companies.\"We received a substantial number of bookings from couples looking for a romantic getaway and quite a handful opted for customized services,\" said Frederick Divecha of Kuoni India.If chilled wine with dinner feature on many couples' menu, a rose petal bath with aromatic oils is on the cards for others. Of course, most want a candlelight dinner laid out for them.\"We've seen a 15%-20% increase in bookings for this period compared to last year and a 10% increase for Karnataka packages,\" said Neelu Singh, COO,Ezeego1.com, adding that Mysore and Coorg have seen the maximum bookings. Other preferred southern destinations are Ooty, Kodaikanal and Wayanad.It's Grans' Day tooGrandparents are the people with silver in their hair and gold in their heart. It's their ability to love and willingness to help and comfort their grandchildren that makes their roles indispensable. And thanking their grandparents on the occasion of Valentine's Day are these tiny tots from Tree House pre-school in Shantinagar, where the children will celebrate Grandparents' Day. The event is being organized to bring back the values of the joint family. The event will also provide an opportunity to grandparents to unite with their grandchildren. A number of programmes, including antakshari and musical events, will also be organized.POPULAR PACKAGESKodagu Duration: 2 nights / 3 days Price: Rs.12,499 per coupleMysore Duration: 2 nights / 3 days Price: Rs.12,499 per couple - SOTCChikmagalur Duration: 2 nights/3 days Price: About Rs 15,000 per couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11877281", "title": "The missionary position", "text": "When India selected 126 French Rafale fighter aircraft over the UK-manufactured Typhoon involving a consortium of European countries, a \u00a313 billion deal, some British politicians and commentators demanded that aid to 'ungrateful' India, a fast-rising economic power, be stopped. The press dredged up finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's comment that the A\u00a3280 million annual British aid is 'peanuts'. India's opposition parties called for UK aid to be rejected.Britain's aid programme will continue but target the three poorest states, not New Delhi, and the private sector. The David Cameron government has expended too much political capital to justify aid policy, exempted from savage spending cuts, to the electorate to risk the embarrassment of ending it.No decision by the Manmohan Singh government is final until actually implemented. Major defence platform acquisition decisions are made on a balance of several factors: technical specifications (payload, range, manoeuvrability), costs (initial, maintenance and total life-cycle), technology transfers, joint production, geopolitical partnerships, etc. In ongoing discussions, Britain would be better off delinking the Typhoon pitch from aid, improving the price and arguing for the international political advantages of having several European partners rather than just France. That said, it might well be in both countries' interest to terminate the aid programme quietly in due course.The ambivalence on aid is well captured in three books. In The End of Poverty, Jeffrey Sachs argues that its goal is to help the world's one billion poorest people, caught in a poverty trap, reach the first rung on the ladder of econo-mic development. But, in Dead Aid, Dambisa Moyo supports a tough-love policy that would stop the tide of well-intentioned money which promotes corruption in government and dependence in citizens. In The White Man's Burden, William Easterly concurs: successful poverty reduction programmes are best achieved through indigenous , ground-level planning, not policy-distorting foreign aid that can sometimes worsen the plight of poor economies.In theory , development aid fills the gap in capital needed for investment in growth-promoting activity and infrastructure. In reality, aid is often the transfer of money from middle-class taxpayers in rich countries to the wealthy elite in poor countries.For decades, western aid crowded out private sector investments and enabled despots to continue with poverty-per-petuating policies. Statistical graphs often show an inverse correlation between aid and growth. Easterly shows that over $2 billion in foreign aid to improve Tanzania's roads failed in that goal but did bloat its bureaucracy, with the government having to produce 2,400 reports for the 1,000 donor missions.Foreign aid often reflects the geopolitical and commercial interests of donors (and values - last October, Britain threatened to cut aid to countries that did not repeal laws banning homosexuality), not recipients. And it gives cover to donor countries for subsidies, tariffs, quotas and labour market res-trictions that impose significant harm on developing countries.Even emergency humanita-rian and disaster relief opera-tions, mostly above questioning, can have perverse consequences. For example, food delivery, arriving weeks and months after the worst of a famine, depresses food price to such an extent that local farmers fail to make any profit for their produce and do not sow crops for the following year.Remittances are second only to foreign direct investment as a source of external finance to developing countries. Indians send home $30 billion. Freeing up the global labour market would be far more beneficial to developing countries than so-called development aid. So would an end to such incidents as the January 2009 seizure of a shipment of generic medicines from India to Brazil by Dutch authorities to protect European big pharma.Developed countries dole out five times as much in agricultural and manufacturing subsidies to their own farmers and industries as foreign aid. Up to 40% of aid is tied to overpriced goods and services from the donor country and the same proportion is eaten up by consultants. Thus the poor stay poor and earn the ire and contempt of politicians and citizens alike in the rich countries, while uncompetitive but well-connected businesses and middlemen consultants laugh all the way to the bank.Instead of aid, we should advocate foreign investment, a deregulated international labour market, end to trade-distorting production and export subsidies, and lowered barriers to imports in international affairs; new bond markets, microfinancing, infrastructure and revised property laws in domestic governance; and confiscation of rulers' wealth in western safe havens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11879307", "title": "Valentine's Day: Lovers busy preparing to celebrate the event with loved ones", "text": "GUWAHATI: Youngsters in the city are busy preparing to celebrate St Valentine's Day with their loved ones. With various shops and malls across Guwahati offering discounts and special offers, young customers are queuing up for some last minute shopping.Pragyamita Devi, a student of Gauhati Commerce College, said: \"Valentine's Day has now become like one of our other festivals and the shops and restaurants offer great discounts for customers in this season. When we were in school, the day was just about flowers, chocolates and heart-shaped balloons, but times have changed and people now buy dresses, watches, gadgets and even expensive jewellery for the object of their affection.\"Priti Sarma, another college student, said: \"I got a jacket for my boyfriend as I could afford it due to the massive attractive discounts. These things are expensive in other times of the year. I am still a student and I had saved up four months of pocket moneyfor this.\"Stores in Fancy Bazaar, the city's commercial hub, which are offering attractive discounts in their end-of-season sale, are seeing a large turnout of youngsters. Shopkeeper Vikas Jalan: \"Our offers and discounts are not because of Valentine's Day as we already have an end-of-season sale going on. But for the last two three days a lot of youngsters are coming for the Valentine's Day shopping.\"And it's not the teens and tweens doing all the shopping. Busy professionals, who otherwise do not have much time to spare, are also getting into the swing of things. Shashanka Baruah, a sales professional who bought a sweater for his wife days ago, said: \"V-Day was a good week away, but I was out of the city for most of the time since then. My job requires me to be constantly on the move and I usually can't take time out from my schedule. I stepped out of office last week to buy this sweater for her. I hope she likes it.\"Meanwhile, The Times of India too has joined in to celebrate the season of love. TOI, in collaboration with L Gopal Jwellers, is organising a Valentine's Day special message contest. And the idea is to celebrate love in all its facets - it could be love for the aged, concern for the poor, compassion for a fellow, communal harmony and or pride in the country.To particiapate, an individual needs to send a message along with the recipient's and the sender's name to 58888. The 10 best messages will receive gift vouchers from Pragya Diamond Jewellery and the top 60 messages will be published in The Times of India.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11881084", "title": "Bhopal Vigyan Mela-2012 from Feb 25", "text": "BHOPAL: Aimed at creating an environment where children can develop a permanent interest in science, the state government will organize a four-day science and technology exhibition \"Bhopal Vigyan Mela 2012\", at the Lal Parade ground from February 25.The minister for science and technology Kailash Vijayvargiya said the national science and technology fair would showcase the strength and potential of India's science and technology, project modern technologies and upcoming trends, highlight traditional practices and country's unique contributions towards the field.Advancement in science and technology expo, rural and low cost technology expo, innovators pavilion, special pavilion on climate change and its impact, seminars and round table meets, students interaction with science experts will be the major attractions during the four-day science and technology fair. There will also pavilions of space research and development, aeronautics, bio-diversity, non-conventional energy, defence research and development, agriculture, traditional health practices, handicrafts, horticulture and medicinal plants, educational opportunities, information technology and medicinal plants and industries.Pointing out that the the 'Vigyan Mela' is being jointly organized by Madhya Pradesh Council for Science and Technology and Vigyan Bharati, a national movement, the minister said the innovators' pavilion would display the rare innovations made by the people from within the state and outside.He said the science and technology department has been providing all assistance and even financial assistance to innovators to get patent for their innovations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881621", "title": "Create awareness about EVMs: Sanghatana", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Nagrik Sanghatana, an umbrella organisation of civil society organisations in the city, has urged the civic election department to create awareness about the electronic voting machines.Vivek Velankar, convenor of the Sanghatana, said, \"Several rumours were being spread that the EVMs could be tampered with, which was leading to confusion among voters. If timely awareness is not created, the voting process will be hampered\". The election department should inform the voters about the correct way to use the machines, he felt.Velankar said certain candidates were deliberately confusing people by saying that voting for a particular party was compulsory. Some candidates were telling people that they would get the vote irrespective of the button a voter pressed. Still others were misguiding the people by saying that they had developed a mechanism through which they would come to know in whose favour the vote was cast.The Sanghatana has also said that the Nationalist Congress Party should clarify its stance on the various important issues related to city, including bio-diversity parks and the metro project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "11881571", "title": "Man run over while crossing tracks near Kalyan", "text": "KALYAN: A man, who was returning home from a hospital, was run over by a local while crossing the tracks near Kalyan around 6.30pm on Monday.The incident occurred between Kalyan and Sahad stations. The victim was identified as Rajesh Ghadge (32). Cops said Ghadge, a resident of Samrat Nagar in Kalyan (E), was admitted to Sion hospital with some ailment. He was discharged on Monday. He got off at Kalyan and was taking a shortcut when he got run over by a local heading towards CST. A case of accidental death was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11881999", "title": "Madurai Police clueless over missing ex-MP's son", "text": "MADURAI: The city police has submitted that no useful information has been received so far in tracing the son of a former Congress MP, Ramanathapuram, who went missing since 2010. The Madurai bench of the Madras high court was hearing a habeas corpus petition filed by his wife to trace her husband.Kathirnayagam (58), son of former Ramanthapuram MP, Kasinathadurai, was found missing since 2010 after he was admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai for treatment. The police had swung into action after the court directed them to trace the missing person, following the habeas corpus petition filed by K Shanmugasundari of Rajapalayam.In her petition, Shanmugasundari said on June 5, 2010, her husband visited his sister Karthiyayani's house at Ramanathapuram. He fell down on the roadside and suffered injuries on his head. Kathirnayagam was initially admitted to the Government Hospital, Ramanthapuram and later transferred to the GRH further treatment and admitted at the hospital on April 6, 2010. However, he went missing from there. She alleged that even after lodging a complaint with the police, no action was initiated. Hence, she preferred the present petition.When the matter came up for hearing on Monday before Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and Justice P Devadass, a counter-affidavit was filed on behalf of S Velladurai, assistant commissioner of police, Anna Nagar.In the counter-affidavit, Velladurai said based on information from Kathirnayagam's brother, Guhan, a special team went to Hosur and made inquiries about the missing person. Again the team went to Ottanchathiram area in Dindigul. They searched for him among the devotees who came for the Thaipoosam pilgrimage and distributed a lookout notice of the missing person. But still, no information was received.Velladurai added that the special party and Mathichiyam police took sincere efforts to trace the missing person from the date of registration of the case. But so far, no useful information has been received. Kathirnayagam's identifications, physical features and photos were compared with the state crime records bureau's records and also been checked with all the missing persons' and compared with unidentified dead bodies, which are all recorded in data, but to no avail.The bench posted the matter for further hearing on Friday after the police sought more time to search for the missing person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880256", "title": "Show no mercy to rash drivers: High court", "text": "New Delhi: Rash and negligent drivers should be awarded deterrent punishment as any leniency shown to them could escalate the number of road accidents in the city, the Delhi high court has said.\"One of the most effective ways of keeping such drivers under mental vigil is to maintain a deterrent element in the sentencing sphere...Any latitude shown to them in that sphere would tempt them to make driving frivolous and a frolic, thus endangering the life of public at large, which cannot be allowed,\" Justice M L Mehta said.The high court made the observations while upholding a year-long jail term awarded to a bus driver, Dharmender, for mowing down a cyclist in November 1998 at Raja Garden chowk in west Delhi.\"When automobiles have become death traps, any leniency shown to drivers found guilty of rash driving would be at the risk of further escalation of road accidents,\" the bench said, dismissing the driver's plea for his release on probation.Directing the errant bus driver to surrender, the bench said, \"An innocent person has lost his life without any fault on his part. The petitioner (Dharmender) was a driver of a commercial vehicle and was required to be extra cautious while driving on the road.\"Dharmender was sentenced to one year rigorous imprisonment by the trial court on April 2, 2005 for causing death due to rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879418", "title": "'Hasan Ali named Praful Patel during hawala interrogation'", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP leader Kirit Somaiya claimed on Monday that Hasan Ali Khan, who faces charges of money laundering and tax evasion, named Union minister Praful Patel during interrogation. He alleged that his link with Patel was also found during raids conducted on Ali's properties.Somaiya had earlier said two Union ministers were involved in Khan's money laundering case. Demanding a CBI inquiry against Patel, Somaiya claimed to have access to at least six other \"scams\" in which Patel was involved. All of them happened during his previous tenure as the civil aviation minister, he added.The BJP leader said massive frauds were committed while awarding TDR rights for the rehabilitation of slumdwellers who had to be removed for the revamp of the Mumbai airport and appointing the facility company as part of the expansion of Mumbai and Delhi airports. He claimed Canadian authorities had informed the Centre about bribes allegedly being offered to Patel by a Canadian firm for an aviation related deal, a claim denied by Patel and his party chief Sharad Pawar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11881470", "title": "SIT won\u2019t share riots probe report, for now", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Courtappointed special investigation team (SIT) probing Zakia Jafri's complaint of a larger conspiracy in the 2002 riots, does not want anyone to get a copy of its final report for the time being.On Monday, its counsel R S Jamuvar objected to Jafri's application for a copy of the report during a hearing in metropolitan magistrate M B Bhatt's court. Jamuvar maintained that the copies should be given only after the judge decided whether it was a closure report or a charge sheet.The judge will decide on Wednesday whether to give Jafri and others a copy of the report or to give SIT more time to provide all the documents. The probe agency admitted it had not submitted all the documentary evidence and would take at least a month to submit them given their large number. This led allegations that the SIT was not following the Supreme Court's directions of submitting all evidence in court with the report. It was also accused of delaying tactics by Jafri's lawyers. The case had come back to the magistrate after the Supreme Court had refrained from passing any order on September 12 last year and asked the trial court to decide on the case on the basis of the SIT's report.TOI reported recently that the report has given chief minister Narendra Modi a clean chit.In the heated exchanges during the hearing, Jamuvar argued that Zakia had no locus standi at this stage to get a copy of the report even though she was the complainant. On the other hand, a battery of lawyers demanded the copy, claiming that it was a public document and that SIT had no authority to restrain the court from parting with the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881745", "title": "SBI adalat at doorstep a boon for borrowers", "text": "PATNA: The Patna head office branch of SBI's Stressed Assets and Resolution Branch (SARB) held bank adalats at different places at Kankerbagh, Gulazarbagh, Danapur and Khagaul during the past one week to settle dues with the borrowers on the spot.As many as 15 old cases were settled on the spot while a few borrowers reached a compromise with the bank on mode of making payments, said SARB AGM Sunil Sharan Sinha. According to him, the bank recovered about Rs 5 lakh on the spot from the defaulters against non-performing assets at Kankerbagh adalat alone held on February 11. During the first phase, the SBI expedited those cases which were related to housing, car, education and personal loans. In the next phase, the bank would take up car seizure notices served on those borrowers who had failed to pay their monthly installments of the loan for long, he said.Sinha said that the SBI has launched 'Bank Adalat, Apke Ghar'. Under this concept, the bank adalat moves to houses of those borrowers who have no time to reach bank for one reason or another. Recently, the SBI had held such an adalat at the house of a former MLA from Buxar and a retired person in Patna. It yielded a positive response from the borrowers, he said. The AGM stressed on maintaining a good rapport between the bank and borrowers to avoid facing problems while clearing their debt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879801", "title": "SC seeks info on ex-CJI tax probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday pushed National Human Rights Commission chairman and former Chief Justice of India K G Balakrishnan into a corner by asking for details of the income tax inquiry into alleged amassment of unaccounted assets by him and his relatives during 2007-2010, when he headed the judiciary.Though a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justice Swatanter Kumar did not seek a formal response from the government on a PIL filed by NGO 'Common Cause' seeking removal of Justice Balakrishnan as NHRC chief, it asked attorney general G E Vahanvati to give details of every inquiry that had been conducted by the government into corruption charges alleged against the former CJI.\"There was some inquiry by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. What happened to that? What is the status of property and assets? The AG will tell us exactly what is the situation and what the government intends to do as well as the next step the government intends to take,\" the bench said after hearing arguments from NGO's counsel Prashant Bhushan.Another petition by advocate M L Sharma, who eight months ago had sought a judicial inquiry into the alleged corrupt deals of the former CJI, was also taken up for hearing.Although the bench said that it would not direct the government to approach the President for Justice Balakrishnan's removal as the chief of the human rights panel, its seeking information about the investigations into the conduct of the ex-CJI is unusual. The political class, which has smarted under the judiciary goading a reluctant executive to act against corruption, has often accused the judiciary of double standards and of sweeping charges against brother judges under the carpet.Responding to Bhushan's plea for a reference to the President for Justice Balakrishnan's removal from the NHRC, the bench said, \"It is for the President to decide whether to make a reference or not. We will not entertain that plea. We just want to be clear about the facts.\"Bhushan said the government must send a reference to the Supreme Court for initiating an inquiry into the 'proven misconduct' on the part of the former CJI and take steps to remove him from the post of NHRC chairman if the apex court gave an opinion confirming the allegations.The government, for its part, promised to be forthright in revealing details of every inquiry that was conducted with regard to Justice Balakrishnan. Vahanvati said, \"I will place everything before the court. I will write to all concerned authorities and place their versions before the court.\" He sought time till March 12 to compile the information.The court asked Bhushan whether he had any authentic data about the alleged properties acquired by Justice Balakrishnan, his brother and family members.The counsel said data about assets and properties worth Rs 40 crore acquired by the former CJI and his relatives was based on information received through local sources. He also said he had no information about properties held in Justice Balakrishnan's name.On Sharma's plea to make Kerala and Tamil Nadu parties to his petition to get details of land purchases allegedly made by the former CJI and his kin, the court had on October 21 last year issued notices to the state governments.Justice Balakrishnan retired on May 11, 2010 and was appointed NHRC chief on June 8, 2010. Days before his retirement as CJI, Delhi-based Mohd Furqan had levelled corruption charges against him in a complaint to the vice-president on May 4, 2010. The complaint was forwarded to anti-corruption branch of CBI in Kochi.On February 18 last year, the SC had asked about the status of the CBI probe. But during the subsequent two hearings on March 4 and April 8, it had not inquired about the issue from the AG, whose assistance was sought by the bench.Justice Balakrishnan had rejected the allegations and said his relatives facing charges of disproportionate assets were answerable to the statutory machinery dealing with the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884169", "title": "I kissed Payal Rohatgi: Sangram Singh", "text": "Payal Rohatgi's beau, ace wrestler Sangram Singh, is mighty miffed with his former Survivor India contestant - Rishi Raj. Reason? Rishi has accused Sangram and Payal of being tad too physical on the show.Refusing to take the accusations lying down, Sangram Singh is ready to take up the cudgels on the couple's behalf. In a chat with us, he narrates the truth behind the allegations...'I am not a cheapster' Setting the record straight, winner of various medals and President's Award, says in his straightforward manner: \"I am not a cheapster that I will publically indulge in lovemaking. Payal and I were just good friends at that time, so this rubbish uttered by Rishi makes no sense at all!\"All about a smooch And what does he have to say about Rishi's take on the lovers kissing and getting too close for comfort? \"Yes, I kissed Payal Rohatgi at a mountain near the island, where we were put up. But, that was the day both of us decided to become a couple and got into a relationship. And what's wrong with a sweet smooch? It was not vulgar at all! We certainly didn't indulge in the PDA, lying close to each other - as that fellow Rishi has stated!\"And who proposed first on that mountain? He says with a sheepish grin: \"Payal did! She, in fact, told me - 'You are so dumb! Girls doesn't propose, a guy does! Finally, I gathered some courage and did the needful!\"Loser's take Ask him what has made Rishi come out with such an outburst? Getting philosophical, Sangram replies: \"When people are voted out, they tend to speak like this! So, I can understand Rishi's state of mind! But still, he shouldn't have made false allegations to garner cheap publicity!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11880448", "title": "Traders call for bandh in Hooda's city", "text": "ROHTAK: Various traders' organizations have given a Rohtak bandh call for Tuesday in protest against the police failure in solving the jewellery shop robbery case.Enraged over the incident on the last Tuesday at Gupta Jewellers Shop on the Jhajjar road in which robbers looted about 2.5 kg gold ornaments and Rs 5 lakh cash on pistol point, the traders feeling insecure demanded arrest of the accused at the earliest.Taking advantage of the situation, the opposition parties have also extended their support to the bandh call. The success of the bandh in the home district of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda could be an embarrassment to the ruling Congress.Joginder Varma, the president of State Jewellers' Association, after a meeting on Monday declared that most of the traders and business associations from the town, including cloth merchants' association and vegetables sellers' association had jointly given the call. \"We have also got support from major political parties and hope that the city traders and businessman would keep their shops and business establishments closed on Tuesday to express solidarity with the robbery victim\".The leaders of various opposition parties, including Inderjit Singh from the CPM, KC Bangar from the INLD, Manish Grovar from the BJP and Bijender Singhal from the HJC, also attended the traders meeting and promised full support to the bandh.The CPM state secretary while addressing the traders said that the incident had exposed the deteriorating law and order situation even in the chief minister's home town. \"The incident also exposes the inefficiency of the police as it has not been able to even gather some clues in the six-day investigation. The traders and even common people are feeling insecure in such atmosphere\", he alleged.Demanding the recovery of gold ornaments and cash, shop owner Om Prakash said, \"I have been ruined. I request the police to recover the jewelry and cash as it's an unbearable loss for me and my family\".Meanwhile, the police sources said that some persons had indicated that a white Apache bike was used in the robbery. \"The probe parties are trying to zero in on some inputs provided by some onlookers. We hope to make a breakthrough in the case soon\", DSP Sumit Kumar said.CM in RohtakHooda arrived in the city to attend a personal function briefly on Monday as the meeting of traders was in progress. Vyapar mandal officer-bearer Baldev Miglani urged the traders to hold a meeting with the chief minister but they rejected his proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881893", "title": "Voter awareness week to begin with signature campaign", "text": "KANPUR: The first day of the voter awareness week will be dedicated to signature campaign to be organized in a school in Kidwai Nagar on Tuesday.The district administration and several other organizations will launch various educational and informative campaigns to encourage voters. This exercise will start from February 14.The district election officer has directed the officials of Kanpur municipal corporation to launch special drives to create mass awareness.Students, parents and residents of the area will be told about the significance of voting. Students will paint banners and posters for the purpose.\"Our task is to make people vote and if children are associated with it, the event will be a huge success,\" ADM (civil supplies) and voter awareness observer Akhilesh Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11881423", "title": "2002 riots: SIT against sharing report with activists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Sunday opposed sharing with activists its final report on the probe into allegations of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi's involvement in 2002 riots, as a court reserved till Wednesday its order on their plea seeking access to the crucial document.During the hearing in the court of metropolitan magistrate M S Bhatt, the SC-appointed SIT opposed the applications by Teesta Seetalvad and other activists, saying some of them had no locus standi to be given a copy of the report. SIT had submitted the report to the court last week amid speculation that Modi may have got relief in the probe on Zakia Jafri's complaint against the CM and others on the post-Godhra riots. Zakia's husband Ehsan Jafri, a former Congress MP, was among the 69 people killed in Gulbarg Housing society riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11881132", "title": "Sequeira joins hands with BJP's Lobo", "text": "MAPUSA: Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira, along with other panchayat members, declared his support to the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Calangute candidate Michael Lobo in the upcoming assembly elections, during a function held at Candolim on Monday. BJP leader Manohar Parrikar, BJP's Cortalim MLA Matanhy Saldanha, Lobo, and around 500 supporters of Sequeira were present at the function.Sequeira announced that he and all 11 Calangute panch members will support the BJP candidate in the March 3 polls.Addressing the gathering, Sequeira demanded that the BJP candidate should sort out issues relating to the CRZ and the shack policy, which are plaguing the coastal village. Lobo promised to solve the issues on a priority basis.Parrikar said that if BJP comes to power, his government would allot a package of the 100 crore for developing tourism along the the Sinquerim-Baga coastal stretch. \"Our government will bring about the shack policy which will benefit the Goan shack owners,\" the former chief minister said.Contesting the 2007 assembly elections on the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) ticket, Sequeira had polled 5,558 votes and had stood second. With Sequeira declaring his support to Lobo, political analysts opine that the field is now thrown open for a fierce fight between BJP's Lobo and Congress' sitting MLA Agnelo Fernandes. tnnAssembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11880496", "title": "Tibetans paste pictures of immolations", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Taking their fight for freedom to yet another level, Tibetans here have started pasting pictures of 22 persons of their community who immolated themselves, in the streets of McLeodganj. Tibetans living here in exile said they were troubled at not being able to alleviate the sufferings of those living in Tibet. The Central Tibetan Administration (CTA) has also prepared a documentary video which they claimed was the collection of footages since 2008, of the burning monks inside Tibet.\"We have prepared a documentary on the grim situation inside Tibet and Tibetan monks putting their bodies on fire. It has been published on the Tibet online TV,\" said CTA spokesperson Thupten Samphel.Disclosing that how these videos reached India, he said that some monks in the monasteries inside Tibet had prepared this and through internet they had been sending it to India. \"We have received the videos from the monks of the Kriti monastery here, who are also very distressed over the painful situation in Tibet,\" he added.However, other Tibetan groups are also working out the sources inside Tibet and importing these painful pictures to India, which nowadays have been publicly pasted on the streets of the McLeodganj.\"I am proud to be a Tibetan. My parents, brothers and a sister are in Tibet and I've never met them after I reached India. I'm thankful to India for giving me shelter away from my home. These pictures stir my spirit, make me think about doing something for Tibet,\" said Tenzin Sangmo, 19.\"Tibetans are in pain don't know what to do. Chinese have adopted a cruel behavior. We are very much distressed these days we are doing everything which we can,\" said Dorjee Rigdom, a Tibetan activist. He said that since Tapey's immolation in 2009, till now 22 Tibetans had immolated themselves, calling for the return of exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama and protesting China's continued occupation of Tibet.Tibetans these days are depressed over the reports coming out of Tibet and the exile Tibetan leadership has also called for a daylong fast on the first day of the Tibetan New Year on February 22 in solidarity with the plight of the Tibetans in Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879625", "title": "GHMC denied OC to hotel Sitara", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hotel Sitara Grand, where a major fire broke out on Sunday night, was denied occupancy certificate (OC) by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) as it deviated from the sanctioned plan.Though the hotel was denied OC, the management managed to get a trade licence from the GHMC's health wing. The health wing is not supposed to give trade license to structures denied OC, but they still managed it.GHMC officials said Sitara was granted permission to construct two cellars, ground and four floors. Construction was completed a couple of months ago and they immediately applied for occupancy certificate.\"After denial of OC, we have decided to auction the mortgaged portion of the building as the builder failed to comply with the rules,\" GHMC additional commissioner (Planning) K Dhananjaya Reddy told TOI.Since there was proper fire safety equipment as per rules, the building was given provisional no objection certificate ( NOC) by the GHMC fire prevention wing.Meanwhile, the fire services department declared Sitara building as safe for dwelling on Monday. The department has, however, asked the hotel management to restore the building. The management would now have to replace three walls, three doors and a few windows as part of restoration. The officers, who inspected the building, said that the authorities had followed all fire safety norms, including installation of fire safety equipment.\"The accident occurred as some people from the wedding reception party were careless while lighting fireworks. The estimated loss incurred by the management is around Rs 10 lakh,\" said Suresh Reddy, a fire officer.Major damage is done to the II, III and IV floors of the building, officials said. The fire department is expected to submit a detailed report about the incident by the end of this week. \"We will give the management more pointers to maintain safety of the building,\" officials said.Meanwhile, in a separate incident, four tyre repair shops, located in a market yard in Medchal, were gutted in a fire. The shops were located on either side of the road that divided the market. The cause of fire was not known.The incident might have occurred at around 5.30 am, but the first call to the fire control room went at 7 am. The fire tenders reached the spot in about 30 minutes and extinguished the flames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882968", "title": "Team Anna is all out to save institution", "text": "BANGALORE: Members of Transparency International , India Against Corruption and the National Federation of Indian Women (NFIW) on Monday jointly decided to launch the 'Save Lokayukta' campaign and urged Upa Lokayukta Chandrashekariah to voluntarily quit his post without waiting for the government's action on this count.Chandrashekariah's appointment to the post is not only a constitutional violation, but also a moral violation, and plays a bigger role than legalities.At a joint press meet here, they said the government has violated Section 3 of the Lokayukta appointment act and it is a procedural lapse on the part of the chief minister.Lawyer GL Vishwanath said a procedural lapse on the part of the government and chief minister is \"judiciable\" and can be subjected to scrutiny of law. \"Procedural lapse does not come under the purview of the impeachment act and law courts can decide the issue and annul the appointment,\" he contended, adding that a PIL being filed before the law court will decide the issue.NFIW member JN Jayashree alleged that every individual involved in the process of selecting the Upa Lokayukta had failed to uphold the law. She said Chandrashekariah has the option of stepping down before public wrath against him multiplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11879041", "title": "5 yrs on, only three penalized paltry sums for poll offences", "text": "NAGPUR: The election code of conduct may not be worth the paper it is printed on, if one goes by punishment received by those charged with violating it. In 2007 civic elections, as many as 179 offences were registered for violation of the code. Five years on, only three persons have been slapped with the fines of a paltry Rs 200 each. Around 105 cases are still pending before the courts while 65 are still being investigated by the cops.It effectively means you can do what you want during elections and get away with it. The code of conduct contains guidelines for behaviour during elections by political parties and candidates. It includes every thing from defacing public or private property, to causing noise pollution, to spending more than the specified limit on poll campaign. Violating those invites booking of offence by the police. But that is all that seems to be done in the matter.City police, in the current election, have so far registered 62 offences of code of conduct violation, which included around 56 cognizable ones. While city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said the cops were alert and registered offences for code of conduct violations as soon as they were brought to their notice, former police chief PKB Chakravarty said that police were constrained by the fact that most offences under the election laws were non-cognizable that could not be chargesheeted.\"The offences of code of conduct may bring punishment or not but they act as a crucial evidence in case of election petition,\" he said. Chakravarty added that though the body like Municipal Corporation generally acted as the complainant but police could also suo motu take action in case there was a cognizable offence taking place in their presence. \"There are also cases of impersonation which may take place during polling but cannot be bracketed as code of conduct violations,\" he added.CP Dhanvijay said that the most cases related to defacement of the public property. \"The offences related to the putting up of banners and posters are common. We take them seriously,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879860", "title": "Mock drill to hit Metro services in Delhi", "text": "New Delhi: Delhi Metro services on Wednesday will be affected from 11.30am onwards for around half-an-hour, said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson.\"For about half an hour from 11.30 hours, services will be affected due to a mega mock drill exercise to be conducted by National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA),\" added the spokesperson.The stations that are likely to be affected include AIIMS, Inderlok, Karkardooma, Tilak Nagar, Khan Market and Dwarka sector-10.During the drill, entry to the metro stations will remain closed.\"Normal train services will resume after completion of this exercise,\" added the Delhi Metro official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "howrah/kolkata", "code": "11880508", "title": "Pontoon sinks, sparks Hooghly oil spill rumour", "text": "HOWRAH/KOLKATA: A pontoon sank in the Hooghly on Saturday, triggering rumours of an oil spill. Officials, however, said there was no possibility of an oil leak because it was a 'dumb' pontoon - one without any machine or oil.The 41-year-old pontoon was used by the Salkia works of the Hooghly Dock and Port Engineers (HDPE) - a shipbuilding unit - as a sort of a floating jetty to tie up vessels while they were being built or repaired. It was lying unused for five to six years because HDPE had not got any such job.A part of it sank in a sudden tidal surge of the Hooghy around 1.30pm on Saturday. It was not detected over the weekend. On Monday, locals who used the bathing ghat regularly reported seeing oil in the water. Some of them even claimed to be feeling uneasy after taking a bath in the river.HDPE managing director Manish Jain, however, said there was no oil in it that could have spilled into the water. \"There may have been some paint tins inside the steel sheds (on the pontoon) but their contents must have dried up by now. Even if some grease or oil did get into the water, it was insufficient to cause any problems for people or the ecology. We informed the KoPT after the incident,\" said Sahadeb Saha, the Salkia unit head of HDPE.According to sources, the rumours of oil spill had been spread by a section of union leaders who are unhappy with the situation at HDPE.The pontoon had two steel rooms on top from where work on the superstructure of ships was supervised. Only these rooms are visible above the water. Officials say that some steel cables used to tie the pontoon to the riverbank seemed to have weakened over time and given way during the high tide.KoPT chairman M L Meena was informed of the incident. Jain, the deputy chairman, inspected the spot on Monday. \"There was no spillage. It seems that there was a rupture and the pontoon got filled with water gradually and finally sank on Saturday during high tide. There was some repairing equipment, like welding transformers, that slipped into the water. There is no possibility of any pollution. The pontoon is not even blocking the navigation channel. However, we are trying to salvage and place it on the riverbank,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878970", "title": "Derecognise Virat's school, HC tells CBSE", "text": "NAGPUR: In an unprecedented order, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Monday directed the Central Board Secondary Education (CBSE) to cancel recognition of Central India Public School in Wardhaman Nagar whose student Virat Zade was crushed under the school bus. The nine-year-old boy alighted from the school bus in front of his Hudkeshwar residence but went under the bus to retrieve his tiffin box after it fell there. The driver seemed unaware of the boy. Virat was run over and killed on the spot. The January 9 incident incident created a huge uproar among the citizens, especially the parents.A division bench comprising justices PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale asked the CBSE to file compliance report on derecognizing the school. \"How can the school be so reckless? It's their primary duty to ensure that a pupil reaches home safely after school,\" the bench said. \"Schools can't just mint money,\" the judges observed while severely reprimanding the school headmaster, who was present during the hearing. The court took serious cognisance of media reports and took up the case as a suo motu PIL.Amicus curiae Firdos Mirza highlighted alleged negligence behind the child's death and appealed for the court to issue directives to the state for laying down a policy on the transportation of school students, making the schools - both government run and private and the education department equally responsible and accountable in the larger interest of the students.The judges asked the investigation officer of Virat's case to be personally present with investigation papers and also asked the state government to furnish details about their policy to prevent such unfortunate accidents in future. During the last hearing, the court had served notices on the respondents, including chief secretary, state transport commissioner, city police commissioner, additional chief secretary (home), principal secretaries of school education and urban development departments, RTO Nagpur, deputy director of education in Nagpur, and headmaster of school where the child was studying.Earlier, the headmaster told the court that he had no control over the management. Citing enquiry report, Mirza stated that the bus that killed the child had no conductor and there was no official agreement between school management and the bus owner.Referring to Right to Education Act, Mirza informed that it is duty of government to ensure accessibility of schools closer to a student's residence. He argued that due to non-availability of good schools in nearby areas, the students are forced to travel by which ever means of transports that is available including buses, mini vans, and autorickshaws. He claimed that the government have powers to regulate school buses but absence of adequate rules and regulations result into such accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "11878999", "title": "8 positive cases in Teerthahalli", "text": "SHIMOGA: Eight more persons have tested positive for Monkey disease also called Kyasanur Forest Disease (KFD). Of the 89 blood samples sent for tests, eight returned positive, said Sanjay Bijur, CEO of Shimoga ZP.The ZP CEO said that he has directed medical staff to complete inoculation of all villagers by February 14, at the three primary health divisions covering Konandur, Hombuja and Rippenpet in the taluk.He said sufficient quantity of vaccine has been stored and allayed fears that the disease is contagious. He said the disease spreads only through contact with mites from dead monkeys in the forest. About 10 days ago, a villager succumbed to the disease at Manipal hospital, Manipal.Bijjur said mobile vehicles, additional doctors and health staff are touring villages to provide immediate relief to people.He urged villagers not to roam near the forests and inform the medical team if they spot any dead monkey in their area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11879047", "title": "Many young candidades in the fray for AMC polls", "text": "AKOLA: Despite serious allegations of poll campaigns being engulfed by criminal elements, educated youths from various political affiliation are trying their luck in the third general AMC polls to be held on February 16.There are allegations of oil mafias, liquor barons, matka kings and gambling den operators playing role in the poll process.Dr Zishan Hussain, MD medicine, who is the son of former minister and senior Congress leader Azhar Hussan is contesting the polls. Hussain is just 29.Similarly, Vimal Jain, the youngest candidate is 21-years old, is also trying his luck to surprise the results. Whenever he goes to campaign, women in his area come out to his support to offer 'owalni' and drop some money in his pocket.Nikhilesh Divekar, son of late minister Arun Divekar is also contesting. He was deputy mayor in last AMC.Most of the youth candidates are unmarried. Among them are Shiva Mohod (NCP), Vinita Gyaral (BJP), Kapil Ravdev (Congress), Sangita Gaikwad (MNS), Ujjwal Meshram, Budhharatna Ingole, Jyotsna Gawai, Umesh Kate etc. Poll results will indicate whether voters desire a sea change or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880128", "title": "Liquor worth 74k seized before polls", "text": "NASHIK: With the Nashik Municipal Corporation elections just a few days away, police and state excise officials have started a crackdown on illicit liquor, thereby chancing upon huge quantities either being transported or stored.Recently, the a unit of the crime branch confiscated liquor worth Rs 74,400 from two persons. It was apparently being transported to some candidate's address for distribution among his supporters. The huge stock was noticed when crime branch personnel on a patrol in the Ambad area on Saturday saw a speeding car on the Untawadi Road.After giving the car chase, the police intercepted it near Saikhedkar Hospital. After grilling the two persons in the car, the police found eight boxes of premium whisky (with 48 nips each), six boxes of another premium whisky nips and another box with a different brand of whisky nips. According to the police, the total worth of the liquor was Rs 74,400.The police said that they are investigating where the illegal consignment was headed. Meanwhile, over the past fortnight, the city police and the district excise department have recovered huge amounts of liquor. Between February 4 and 6, the state excise department has registered nine cases, arrested 10 accused and confiscated 242 bulk litre of India made foreign liquor (IMFL) brought from other states, 439 litre of country liquor and 109 litre of IMFL. The excise department said the liquor detected was worth Rs 6.29 lakh.Two weeks ago, the traffic department during a routine check-up came across a rickshaw moving away from them suspiciously. On investigation, cops found 96 bottles of 180 ml country liquor in a gunny bag inside it. On the same day, the State Excise Department had cracked down on an illegal den of spurious liquor worth Rs one lakh. The raid was conducted in the Valmiki Nagar area of Panchavati on the Mumbai Agra Highway.On Jan 31, crime branch sleuths raided an isolated house in Panchavati area on the Mumbai Agra Highway and found two persons busy bottling spurious liquor. In this raid at Valmikinagar, Panchavati, the police found three cases of Imperial Blue whisky kept in an auto rickshaw.The police said the suspects used to buy liquor from Diu Daman at much lesser price and use to fill them in bottles of established liquor brands like Imperial Blue, McDowell's No 1, Royal Stag, etc.Officials said that apart from the bottles, they also confiscated chemicals used for mixing in the bottles, empty bottles, corks, labels, etc. The total cache, including the vehicles used for the crime and the raw material, confiscated in the raid was worth Rs 4.17 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11881445", "title": "Belgaum skater heads for Portugal", "text": "BELGAUM: Ten-year-old Abhishek Sanjay Navale from Belgaum has been selected to participate in the three-day 10th International Speed Roller Skating Tournament in Portugal, from February 18.Abhishek will take part in three races; 300 mtrs and 900 mtrs rink race and 1km race. Contestants from around 250 countries will participate in this tournament.Abhishek has three records to his credit -- World Records Academy, Limca Book of Records and India Bookof Records. His father is a KSRTC bus driver in Belgaum and mother a homemaker.Abhishek is a skater of Belgaum Roller Skating Academy and is a student of AVH English Medium School at Srinagar here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879454", "title": "Students step out to make city safe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Monday, residents of sectors 35 and 36 received unexpected guests who gave them some tips to make their city a secure place.Students of MCM DAV College, Sector 36 - as a part of 'Young Youth Safe City' project launched by Chandigarh police, in association with The Times of India - stepped out of the college campus to bridge the gap between the police and the community and apprise residents of the security measures to keep their houses and surroundings safe.Besides, they are also compiling data on registration number of their vehicles, maids and pet dogs. The girls, mostly hostellers, were divided into groups for the task. And they returned with a mixed bag of experiences.\"It is an exciting experiencea? Something new for us. Though we received both positive as well as negative responses, we are happy that some of them gave us a patient hearing and promised to install security gadgets at their places,\" Neha Sharma, a student volunteer, said. Another student volunteer Ria said, \"Initially, we were a bit apprehensive and thought it will be difficult to approach people. But the response has been encouraging.\"Students of Postgraduate Government College for Girls, Sector 11, and SD college, Sector 32, will also be a part of the project.The enthusiasm with which students approached everyone shows they will surely make a difference,\" Jarnail Singh Sandhu, 56, a defense official and resident of Sector 36, said.A few girls, along with a cop, visited my place. They gave us some pamphlets to improve security and took some details. It is a good effort,\" Sunita Chauhan, also a resident of Sector 36, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880172", "title": "Forget flowers, buy the moon", "text": "New Delhi: Flowers and candy are synonymous with Valentine's Day. But for many love-struck youngsters, the connection between them is too cliched to work. And they're making sure that this year they step it up, with gifts that are truly out of the box.Real flowers eventually wilt, and there's nothing romantic about fake ones - at least that's what 22-year-old Raghav Sharma thinks. So for Valentine's Day, he bought his girlfriend a bracelet made of real flowers, preserved to last forever. \"I didn't want to express my feelings through something that will eventually die. This way, the flowers will always be with her,\" he says.Kshitij didn't want to do anything too dramatic, \"It's just not me,\" he says. But he knew he didn't want his gift to be pedestrian either. \"Last year I just bought her flowers, so I wanted this year to be more special,\" he adds. Sticking to his style, he got some chocolates made for his girlfriend - but each with little notes inside, which you need to arrange to decipher a message.It's all about gifting something unique - never mind the price. \"It's not about splurging or scrimping, but just giving something that will make them smile,\" says Anandita, a yoga teacher, who has spent days organizing a home-cooked meal for her fiance, with all his favourite childhood dishes.\"Everyone reaches a state of extravagance at some point, and there is a general increase in what people are willing to spend. But ultimately they all want something unique, it doesn't have to be very expensive,\" says Ruchi Chopra, whose company Any Surprise Any Place has been organizing special gifts since 2007. \"Youngsters are getting more innovative with each year. What was a hit last Valentine's Day is passe this year,\" she says.Sia Khanna, a media professional, says her boyfriend's dream is to get into real estate and construction. \"I wanted to give him something that is not only romantic, but also goes with his ambition,\" she says. And while it seems tough to link romance to realty, she found a way that also suited her pocket - one that is not only outside the box, but out of this world, too. \"I just bought an acre of land on the moon under his name. There's an actual property deed, and a picture of the moon with the area clearly mapped out,\" she says. To top it all, her boyfriend's \"plot\" is in the same area as his music idol's, Michael Jackson's.(Some names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872197", "title": "Simple tips for a perfect Valentine's date", "text": "Follow these simple tips to make your date a memorable one this Valentine's DayA perfect dream date might be easy, but it's not a piece of cake either. Though it's no rocket science, but there are only few small things that, if taken care of, can make the most from a date. Here are few tips that can make for a memorable date this Valentine's Day . Leaving for a date means you concentrate only on the person you are going out with. So leave your phone and work related anxieties at home. That will help you connect better.Though surprises work for the better, clue your date what to wear. You don't want them to be looking out of place. Be adventurous and try out other things than just the stereotypical dinner. Go for a drink instead and see how things go from there. It never hurts to compliment them. Even if you find them aware of their looks, compliments work almost every time.Be original. Avoid asking questions like \"What kind of music do you listen to?\" Every single guy must have asked her that. If she touches your hand, that means she is interested. If she touches your leg, she is interested tonight. Be courteous and chivalrous. Subtly show you are protective of her. She will surely notice if you wait till the time she has safely reached her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11881698", "title": "Unique treat for students", "text": "Present day school life is filled with opportunities for students to gain knowledge , not just academic, but about various professional fields as well. The Times of India (student edition), as part of its principal guest editor programme, provides one such unique opportunity to select schools every year. On Monday, Aparajita Rana, principal, Greenlawns School, Worli, was invited as guest editor. She and her school editorial team edited the student edition , published on Tuesday.Fashion photographer Vikram Bawa was invited as the 'star alumnus' from the school. \"There's no competition as such, the best competition that one can have, is with oneself,\" said Bawa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11879014", "title": "3 held for giving free food without RO's nod", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police have arrested three persons including the relative of a Congress candidate for providing free food and alcohol without prior permission of the returning officer.According to sources, Nitin Hiwse (48), a resident of Jivanchhaya colony, Praful Thakare (28) and Sanket Pande (21) both residents of Hari Om colony were arrested by police. Hiwse is director of District Central Cooperative Bank and is the brother of Bandu Hiwse who is the official candidate of Congress from Rukmini Nagar prabhag.Police came to know that Nitin was providing free food and alcohol at Suyog Mangal Karyalaya of Rukmini Nagar on Saturday to voters. They reached the spot and arrested three persons and seized 28 country liquor bottles. Police have booked the trio under 65E of Bombay Prohibition Act.Commissioner of police Amitesh Kumar confirmed the news saying that the cops have no problem with private dinner parties but the candidate should have taken permission of the returning officer and shown the expenses in the election expenditure. \"Hiwse did not take permission of the RO and hence we booked them,\" said Amitesh Kumar.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884131", "title": "I have no double standards: Anurag Kashyap", "text": "Anurag Kashyap speaks up...POWER TO THE PEOPLE: A majority of filmmakers who have made it big in films today have done so owing to the black market for films. During my days as a struggling filmmaker, neither I nor my friends could afford the high priced CDs or DVDs of important films sold on the Internet. So, we had to rely on pirated DVDs and CDs. I don't have any double standards. Even my own film Paanch is available on the Internet. And more people have seen my film because of file sharing sites rather than the theatres. So in one way, piracy has only helped us grow as filmmakers.LOOKING SOUTHWARDS: The good thing about directors from this part of the country is that they are completely in love with their own culture. They are not like their Bollywood counterparts who look for opportunities to go scout for western locations just to make their stars dance around trees. There is a certain connect and a rustic appeal to Tamil films. They're raw, gritty and completely accessible to the common Tamilian. So there are no concerns of being able to relate to it or not. I am especially enamoured by Vetrimaaran and his work ethic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11880984", "title": "People approach Rajya Sabha for swift completion of Khandwa-Dhar rly line", "text": "INDORE: Fed up with inaction by the the prolonged delay in completing the Khandwa-Dhar broad gauge line via Khargone and Barwani, the harried residents knocked on the doors of the Rajya Sabha for a speedy solution.In their complaint to the Upper House of the Parliament, the people urged the Rajya Sabha members to include the works that would help complete this railway line in the forthcoming railway budget.As per rule, any citizen of the country can file a petition with the Rajya Sabha about any work related to public welfare coming under the jurisdiction of the Union government.The petitioners feel that the Kanhdwa-Dhar railway line can bring economic prosperity to the tribal districts of the region while reducing the travel distances to Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Orissa, Bihar, West Bengal and north-eastern states from the region of Madhya Pradesh.Dr OP Khandelwal, who has been fighting for the railway line for several decades, said the tribal areas were still deprived of railway connectivity.\"For the development of the tribal areas in 2007, the Madhya Pradesh government had sent a project report to railway ministry for the line from Khandwa to Damoh via Khargone and Barwani. But there was no response to it,\" said Khandelwal adding that later in 2008, he filed a PIL in the high court over the issue. On the directives of the high court, the railway line was included in the 2008-09 railway budget for survey.Following a Reconnaissance &amp; Engineering-cum-Traffic Survey for a new broad gauge line from Khandwa to Dhar via Khargone and Barwani, the report was submitted to the central railway board in 2010.\"On the basis of the survey report, which had termed the proposal not feasible, the railway board had rejected it,\" said Khandelwal. The report was full of flaws and did not take into consideration on many aspects, he said.The survey report had named Khandwa, Khangoan, Barwani and Dhar as non-tribal and non-backward districts, whereas commerce and industry department of the state placed these districts in C-category backward districts. State government classified these districts as tribal districts.The survey report had also mentioned that the railway line will pass through hilly areas, which will increase the cost of the project. dAs per report, there is no possibility of earning revenue in the form of freight service from this region, but the area is one of the largest producers of cash crops - most of which are transported to other parts of the country through road transport, stated the petition.\"I hope Rajya Sabha will take a note of all these factors,\" said Khandelwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878741", "title": "Bookies, punters gauge mood at campaign rallies", "text": "NAGPUR: Several bookies and punters were reportedly taking part in rallies and processions by candidates on Sunday for the civic elections later this week. While the candidates chose to capitalize on Sunday's leisure to meet a cross-section of their voters, the people who have money at stake on the election results were on the prowl to gauge the strength and weaknesses of aspirants, and place bets accordinglySources said most bookies have already opened tentative odds and invited stakes from punters, as the election mood is building up in each ward. The bookies are also keeping tabs on the response each candidate is getting in the ward. Several bookies are expected to review their odds and place offers once again in the coming days.\"Both bookies and punters would analyse the situation on the basis of election campaign so far,\" said an experienced punter. \"Some bookies and punters make it a point to observe the mood of voters when the candidates approach them,\" he said.Apart from media reports, the bookies and punters are also taking stocks of different factors working behind each candidate, including anti-incumbency, backing of their mentors, strength of the opposition, alliances, strengths of rebels against former colleagues, and independent candidates.\"There are various factors which have added a new dimension to the civic elections, like the formation of wards, format of elections with two-member ward systems, and sea change in the pattern of electorate after the old wards were combined,\" said the source.So far, bookies have kept the BJP-Sena-RPI (A) alliance (expected to win 58-61 seats) ahead of the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party of India and Lokmach combine (with 47-50 seats) in the odds released till now. Sources among the bookies said the fluctuation in odds of candidates are expected to begin now.While BJP's Pravin Datke, who was the leader of the ruling party, is among the top few with odds pegged at only 8p, the same cannot be said about mayor Archana Dehankar, contesting from Gandhi Sagar ward, whose odds are nearly Rs 5.BJP's Anil Dhawade from Garoba Maidan remains a favourite with odds being offered at 30p for him. Congress's Prashant Dhawad too is being considered a favourite, with odds of 50p against Sena's leader Shekhar Sawarbandhe in Nehru Nagar. BJP's Devendra Meher with odds of 60p is also a favourite against Raman Paigwar from Bhandewadi ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11880932", "title": "'The Artist' bags 7 Baftas, Streep, best actor award", "text": "LONDON: French black and white drama 'The Artist' won gold at the 65th British Film Academy Awards winning seven trophies including Best Picture, while Meryl Streep continued with her winning streak grabbing the best leading actress gong.The awards, which are Britain's equivalent of the Oscars, gave the Best Film trophy to 'The Artist' , a French homage to old silent film era Hollywood, over other critically acclaimed films like 'The Help' and 'The Descendants' .The film's star Jean Dujardin bagged Best Leading Actor award, leaving behind the likes of bigwigs like Brad Pitt (' Moneyball' ), George Clooney (' The Descendants' ) and Gary Oldman (' Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy' ).Director of 'The Artist' Michel Hazanavicius won prizes for directing and his original screenplay. 'The Artist' has already won three Golden Globes and has 10 Oscar nominations.Streep was named best actress for her depiction of Margaret Thatcher in 'The Iron Lady' , a role which has already won her a Golden Globe last month. Others nominated in the best actress category were Berenice Bejo (The Artist), Michelle Williams (My Week with Marilyn ), Tilda Swinton (We Need to Talk About Kevin) and Viola Davis (The Help).Octavia Spencer was given the best supporting actress Bafta for the Deep South drama 'The Help' . Christopher Plummer won best supporting actor award for 'Beginners' .Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor presented the Film Not in the English Language Baftato Spanish film 'The Skin I Live In' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11881690", "title": "'Indian women ignore ailments of the heart'", "text": "It's a public health campaign urging people to \"Go Red\" and educate American women about their growing vulnerability to heart diseases . Throughout February, the month associated with matters of the heart due to Valentine's Day , the US will focus on women's heart problems ; wearing red clothes is only one of the highlights. And, if doctors here are to be believed, India and Mumbai would do well to do the same. India, after all, has recorded a 100% growth in the incidence of heart diseases in women over the last 15 years.\"Every minute in the US, someone's wife, mother, daughter or sister dies from heart disease, stroke or other form of cardiovascular disease (CVD),\" goes the campaign planned by the American Heart Association. Corresponding numbers are not available for India but doctors say that desi women are as vulnerable to heart diseases as their western counterparts . And India, too, could take advantage of the day to spread the message.\"The problem here is that they tend to ignore all the symptoms and go to the doctor late,\" rues director of cardiology at Jaslok Hospital, Dr A B Mehta. In India, the myth that women are protected against heart diseases is popular. \"It is true that women, due to their hormones , have some protection against heart diseases until they reach menopause. But by the time they turn 60 years, the ratio of the disease between men and women is 1:1,\" added Dr MehtaConsider this. \"In the last 40 years, there has been a 300% rise in the incidence of heart diseases among women ,\" said Delhi's leading cardiologist Dr Ashok Seth. \"But this rise,\" he added, \"has been more in the last 10-15 years than in the first 25 years.\"Heart diseases among women are clearly different from those among men. \"For one, women tend to have angina while men tend to have severe heart attacks. More women than men have heart failure,\" said Dr Mehta. There have been studies in the US to show that symptoms of heart attacks also follow the gender divide; shortness of breath, nausea and back or jaw pain is more common among women than men. Also, a bypass surgery or angioplasty is more difficult to perform in women than men because they have smaller arteries and a more severe disease.Dr Ajay Mahajan from civic-run Sion Hospital said: \"Among younger women, heart problems arise mainly during pregnancy.\"However, one aspect has been established beyond doubt: heart diseases are becoming more common among women . \"Lifestyle is the only factor fuelling this increase,\" said Dr Seth.When cardiac problem is no barrier for loversWhen Nashik's Nitin Edavi told Seema Ramchandani about his congenital heart disease on their first date two years ago, she thought he was trying to avoid commitment.When , he showed her his medical reports stating that he had hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , a condition in which heart muscles get thickened and cannot move well. \"I couldn't stop loving him,\" said Seema, who dated Nitin for two years before agreeing to marry him on January 28. Two months before the wedding, Nitin fainted. \"We took him to a local hospital, but I wanted the best treatment,\" she added.Fortis Hospital (Mulund), Dr Hasmukh Rawat conducted a procedure called alcohol ablation on November 28. \"We injected a little alcohol into the affected portion of his heart. This reduces the thickness and restores normal condition of the heart,\" said Dr Rawat. Doctors told Seema that a recurrence was possible, but she didn't budge from her decision to marry Nitin. \"By January, he was fit again. Our wedding took place as planned,\" said Seema, who returned from her honeymoon in Mauritius in time to celebrate Valentine's Day.Symptoms Of Heart AttackUncomfortable pressure, squeezing, fullness or pain in the centre of the chest. It lasts more than a few minutes, or goes away and comes back Pain or discomfort in one or both arms, the back, neck, jaw or stomach Shortness of breath with or without any chest discomfort Other signs such as breaking out in a cold sweat, nausea or light-headedness American Heart Association states that as with men, the most common heart attack symptom among women is chest pain or discomfort. But women are somewhat more likely than men to experience some of the other common symptoms, particularly shortness of breath, nausea/vomiting &amp; back or jaw pain In the Indian context, women go for consultation later than men Their disease seems severe &amp; advanced in comparison to men", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880813", "title": "HC defends move to recruit judges without TNPSC help", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Monday defended its decision to recruit 185 civil judges for the subordinate judiciary on its own, without involving the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission , and said there was nothing illegal about it.A submission to this effect was made by registrar-general of the high court, G Chockalingam, in response to a batch of petitions questioning the decision of the state government and TNPSC to let the court conduct the recruitment process as a one-time arrangement. The absence of relaxation of upper age limit for SC/ST candidates too has been raised in some petitions.The court has issued notice to the home department and the registrar-general. In his counter-affidavit, Chockalingam said that as a one-time measure the recruitment rules were amended to conduct the selection process without the assistance of the TNPSC, as was done in the direct recruitment of district judges (entry level).Noting that this is the practice being followed almost in all the high courts in the country, the affidavit said the two stakeholders involved in the process - the state government and the TNPSC - had given their consent for the one-time arrangement.\"The authorization conferred on the high court was arrived at on the basis of a consensus between all the stakeholders,\" it said. As for the relaxation of the upper age limit for reserved candidates, it said that no relaxation had been contemplated for fresh law graduates in the Tamil Nadu State and Subordinate Services Rules. Noting that fresh law graduates were being encouraged to apply for the posts of civil judges, the counter said any dilution of the qualification would defeat the purpose.\"The special rules do not enable the authorities to grant any relaxation or concession in relation to upper age limit prescribed in the statute itself. The grant of relaxation in age as claimed by the petitioners would run contrary to the mandate of law and hence untenable,\" it said. The matter has been adjourned to next week. The HC decided to do the recruitment on its own following allegations of irregularities in the TNPSC under its former chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880547", "title": "Mamata hands KMDA baton to Hakim", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday stepped aside and appointed urban development minister Firhad Hakim as the chairperson of the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA). Political observers believe the move is likely to make things a little more difficult for mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who, as the vice-chairman of the authority, will now have to work under Hakim. It is an open secret that the duo has not been the best of friends.A few months ago, the chief minister, who had made Chatterjee indispensable in the administration, had kept Hakim out of the KMDA executive committee. It has been a norm to make the urban development minister the chairman of KMDA. Former urban development minister Asok Bhattacharya, too, had been the chairman.On Monday, Mamata finally adhered to the norm, but only after her apparent disillusionment with the mayor. On January 24, Chatterjee was stripped of three of his portfolios - assessment, slums and market. The move by the CM set a precedence as never before had any mayor's wings been clipped ever since the mayor-in-council system was introduced in Kolkata Municipal Corporation.At a meeting at the Town Hall in December, the chief minister had openly chided the mayor, asking him why he had not taken her call at 1am when a fire broken out at Topsia. She has been making her displeasure about the mayor known ever since.Mamata, too, has been offloading some of her responsibilities - getting a new power minister (Manish Gupta) was the first such move. Last month, she appointed Chandrima Bhattacharya as the minister of state for health, even though she herself is still the minister in charge of health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880748", "title": "India overtakes China in US postgrad aspirants", "text": "CHENNAI: More students from India than any other country outside the US take the GRE test for admission to postgraduate programmes including engineering and management courses in American colleges.A 43% increase in the number of Indian students taking the test, from 47,276 in 2010 to 67,605 in 2011, resulted in India toppling China (63,086 in 2011) from its position as the country with the most graduates seeking to pursue higher studies in the US. There was a 13% increase over the same years in the overall GRE numbers, with 800,000 students taking the test in 2011.Academics attribute the hike in numbers to a change in the test format in 2011, and to the increase in the number of B-schools that accept GRE scores across the world. T S S Murty of TIME, which offers coaching for the GRE, said, \"The new pattern is more student-friendly, allowing candidates to come back to questions after they have made the selection. The verbal section has also replaced a lot of the vocabulary-based questions to make it more contextual. This means that students don't have to mug up too many words they may later never use.\" \"Growing acceptance of GRE scores by B-schools is a great development. Applicants can take one test for to get admission for an MBA or a PG degree in science or arts,\" said David Payne , vice-president and chief operating officer of the higher education division at ETS, which conducts the test.The number of B-schools accepting the scores increased four times from 2006 to 2010, and almost doubled last year from 450 in 2010 to 800 in 2011. Academics said accepting GRE scores helps business schools get a good mix of students from different backgrounds. ETS said 19 B-schools in India accept the scores for their management programmes, while nine management schools in China accept the score. The GRE website has also come out with a tool to convert GMAT scores into the GRE equivalent to promote GRE among management schools.\"Candidates were under the impression that GRE scores were to pursue a postgraduation in engineering, while GMAT scores were for admission to management courses. We are trying to correct this misconception,\" said a spokesperson for GRE in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884216", "title": "Thrilling time ahead for Nisha", "text": "Actress Nisha Lalvani, who comes from a theatre background, is upbeat about her Kollywood debut, Pollangu.She says, \"I have acted in a Mahesh Bhatt's Kalyug, in which I played Amrita Singh's daughter. I was also part of another Hindi production, which unfortunately didn't release. And I think as a newcomer, Pollangu is perhaps the best that could happen to me.\"A thriller, the film is set in the backdrop of a forest and is said to be female-centric. She adds, \"Working in this project was a thrilling experience. I had to jumping into water from a height of 600 feet. There were several underwater shots as well. I had to use a body double in some of the scenes, but I did do most of the stunts myself.\"Ask her if she language was a constraint while shooting for the film, and she says, \"I have been told that 'pollangu' is a poetic word, which means, 'never tell a lie'. I understand that the word has quite a lot to do with the script. The director and the cast helped me with my dialogues!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11878933", "title": "NHPC cancels meeting with anti-dam activists", "text": "GUWAHATI: The crucial meeting between Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS)-led anti-dam groups and NHPC on Monday had to be called off. NHPC officials said the decision was taken as it was publicized in media even before it started.However, KMSS and seven other organizations have, however, criticized NHPC saying that cancelling the meeting in the 11th hour was an insult to people's movement against large dams in the state.\"We were informed by NHPC at 9.15 am that the meeting has been cancelled as the event was publicized in the media. Later, NHPC sent a team of officials for holding informal discussions with us. We said we are not going to talk unless the executive director and general manager of NHPC is part of the meeting,\" said KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi.Akhil said NHPC has insulted the organizations by cancelling the meeting.NHPC officials, however, said all eight organizations, including the KMSS, have been invited for discussion at Gerukamukh, where the 2000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-power project is located, anytime. The anti-dam organizations demanded that they would only accept NHPC's invitation only when the meeting is held in public domain in the presence of media.\"We are not in favour of close-door negotiations. Any discussion with us and NHPC has to be in public and in presence of media because we need to let people of Assam know what NHPC and we are saying at the meeting,\" said Akhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880274", "title": "She broke her spine in Ramjas stampede", "text": "New Delhi: First-year student Aarushi Vashisht (18) of Dyal Singh College is in the surgical ICU of a hospital in Civil Lines. And she's lying there with a broken spinal cord and ribs, spots on her lungs, blood splattered eyes and bruises all over. She was injured in a stampede at Ramjas College on Friday, which had organized a musical performance at their annual fest.Doctors at the hospital cannot say when she will be discharged. But her condition certainly raises questions as to why the college had said that she was taken to the hospital as she was feeling \"uneasy\", and why the cops had claimed she was \"fine\" after the stampede.On Monday, she finally regained consciousness and spoke to her family. When TOI visited her and asked her what had happened, she smiled before she spoke. \"I went with a group of friends and was waiting at the gate to enter. There were too many people and suddenly the gates opened and everyone ran in. I remember tripping and people treading over me until I lost consciousness,\" she said.Aarushi hurt her neck and face and lay unconscious until the students finally cleared the area. It was then that one of the co-coordinators at the gate, Apaar Yadav, a student of Satyawati College, spotted her and came to her rescue. \"She was bleeding profusely so we put her in an auto and rushed her to the Bara Hindu Rao Hospital. We asked our other friends to reach there immediately. At Hindu Rao, they wasted around 45 minutes doing nothing but telling us to go from one floor to another. They gave her some injection for 'relief', though,\" said Yadav.She was then taken to a different hospital. \"We took her to the Parmanand Hospital in Civil Lines where she was admitted immediately,\" Yadav added.Her father, meanwhile, had received a call about her daughter \"showing no signs of life\".\"How could they hush up the matter when it's such a shameful thing to have happened? They only needed a proper entry system in place. Was it such a difficult job? It could have been tragic for anyone,\" said Adarsh Vasishth, Aarushi's father.Other friends of Aarushi said that had the college gates not been thrown open, the incident could have been avoided.Aarushi's mother is an ASI with Delhi Police, yet no case was registered until Monday. But someone from the DCP office (North) is learnt to have visited the family on Monday to enquire if the victim's statement could be recorded.Nobody from Ramjas College has visited Aarushi even once, said her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878331", "title": "Sarojini Naidu's birth anniversary celebrated", "text": "VARANASI: The Vishal Bharat Sansthan, an NGO at Lallpura area of the city, celebrated the 133rd birth anniversary of freedom fighter Sarojini Naidu on Monday. The birthday celebration was marked with cutting and distribution of cake among poor children and children associated with the organisation.On the occasion, examples and incidences of patriotism, bravery and truthfulness from the life of Sarojini Naidu were discussed with the children. Amitabh Bhowmick, chief guest and senior manager of Punjab National Bank , said: \"Naidu was a great scholar and a good poet, inspired by her poetry, the Nizam of Hyderabad sent her to England for higher studies. She even inspired women to walk out of home and join hands for the freedom struggle.\"According to Dr Rajeev Srivastava, president of the organisation, Naidu was a strict opposer of castisim and she spread the message of social equality.\"She was in prison for 21 days during the Quit India Movement of 1942 and struggled throughout her life for the well being and social status of women and children. A seminar 'Rashtra ke Nirman Mein Sarojini Naidu ka Yogdaan' was also held in which children and members of the NGO participated and spoke volumes about the life, education, work and vision of Sarojini Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11880285", "title": "HC stays conversion of plots in Faridabad", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday stayed the illegal conversion of residential land for commercial use in area falling under Faridabad municipal corporation. The HC verdict would stay the operation of orders issued by the Faridabad administration on November 11 last year, through which it had initiated the process of regularizing the commercial activities in residential plots by levying some conversion fee.The orders were made by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi and Justice Mahesh Grover while hearing an ongoing public interest litigation (PIL) filed by social activist from Faridabad Krishan Lal Gera. Stay orders came following the submissions of the petitioner before the court that instead of taking strict action against those building illegal industrial structures in violation of zonal plan, authorities have initiated the process of regularization.The petitioner had sought the intervention of the high court to order a probe by an independent agency into the functioning of the municipal corporation, Faridabad. A probe was demanded particularly with regard to its failure to remove or demolish unauthorized construction of residential houses and shops that continue to exist in the new industrial township (NIT) area there.The petition has stated that Faridabad was supposed to be a planned city in close proximity to the national capital but, due to the callous and indifferent attitude of the authorities, the city is turning into a slum and still remains unplanned.While alleging that local authorities have turned a blind eye to large-scale violation of land use, the petitioner had sought directions for registration of FIRs against those persons who have converted residential plots into industrial units in violation of the provisions of zoning plan. Now the case would come up for further hearing on April 28", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11883157", "title": "Family of 5 drinks poison, mother and two kids die", "text": "BANGALORE: Three adults and two children of a family consumed soft drink laced with poison, in a car parked in Moodalupalya, near Vijayanagar, on Monday. A woman and her two children died, while the other two are undergoing treatment. Gopal Krishna, 27, and his mother Parvathamma, 67, survived, while his younger sister Varadalakshmi, 25, and her children Mohan, 2, and Sanitha, 6, fell victim to the drink mixed with an unidentified tablet. Gopal Krishna is said to be out of danger, though his mother is in a critical condition.Gopal Krishna, a private financier and a resident of Bannerghatta village, took this step after suffering losses of Rs 25-30 lakh in his business. He had taken loans for his finance business and those to who he had lent money, failed to repay.A case of murder was registered against Gopal Krishna, and a case of attempt of suicide was filed against Parvathamma. Police said that as soon as Krishna recovers, he will be produced in a trial court to face a murder charge. It is one of the rare cases where a survivor of a family suicide pact will be on trial for murder.The bodies were found in a white Hyundai Accent parked on 6th cross, Coconut Garden in Moodalupalya by Gopal Krishna's friend Thimma Shetty. Shetty told reporters that Gopal had called him on Monday morning and told him he would be coming by in the afternoon to talk to him. In the evening, Shetty called Gopal after he failed to turn up, as promised. Gopal told Shetty that he was fed up with life and was committing suicide. \"I scolded him and told him not to do anything stupid, and to my shock, he said he had already consumed poison. When I asked him where he was, he said he was on the road, and the call was abruptly cut,\" said Shetty.Shocked, Shetty started searching for the car along with his friends. After more than half an hour, they found the car parked in Coconut Garden. An ambulance was called and the bodies were shifted to Dhanush Hospital at Byraveshwara Nagar. The two children and Varadalakshmi were declared dead on arrival in hospital.A suicide note found in the car stated that Krishna had suffered major losses in business and was unable to repay them. Those to who he had lent money had not repaid him and God was unfair to some people, Krishna wrote. He wanted to live but circumstances did not favour it, and if he had another life, he would repay all the loans he had taken, and that his organs were to be donated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11878892", "title": "108 control rooms to monitor polling", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For conducting free and fair polls and recording the complaints of the people, district administration has provided nearly 108 control rooms. Further, district administration has also set up control rooms in the tehsil for each assembly constituency. People can make their complaints on the given basic phone and mobile phones.The number of the control rooms is 108. The basic telephone numbers are (0532)-2250428, 2641601 and 2250898. The mobile numbers are 9454417216, 9839032247,9454417813 and 9415236853.For City(West), City ( South) and City ( North) assembly segments , control office has been set up at Sadar tehsil. For Allahabad (West), the basic telephone is (0532)-2548210. The mobile number is 9454464541. For City (South), the basic telephone is (0532)-2548210. The mobile number is 9454464544. For City (North), the basic telephone is (0532)-2548210. The mobile number is 9452581085.For Phaphamau assembly seat, control room has been set up at Soraon tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05335)-282232. Mobile number is 9454464356. For Soraon assembly segment, control room has been set up at Soraon tehsil. The number is (05335)-282232. The mobile number is 9415595953. For Phulpur Vidhan sabha segment, control room has been set up at Phulpur tehsil. The mobile number is 9454464540.For Pratappur assembly seat, control room has been set up at Handia tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05332)-284077. Mobile number is 9454464547. For Handia assembly segment, control room has been set up at Handia tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05332) 284077. The mobile number is 9454464550.For Meja assembly seat, control room has been set up at Meja tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05334)-239771. Mobile number is 9454464546. For Karchana assembly segment, control room has been set up at Karchana tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05333)-232257. Mobile number is 9454464551.For Bara assembly seat, control room has been set up at Bara tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05333)-284435. Mobile number is 9454464542. For Koraon assembly segment, control room has been set up at Koraon tehsil. The basic telephone number is (05334)-232444. Mobile number is 9454464552.For giving fillip to the voting in the city, some of the shops are providing discount to their customers who would exercise their right of franchise on the voting day. The enthusiastic cine goers who would exercise their right of franchise on the voting day would also be entitled to get discount in the ticket.The district authorities claimed that if the voter would show their proof of voting by showing the presence of indelible ink on their fingers, then they would be given discount at the selected shops of the city on February 15 and 16.The shops at which the enthusiastic voters would be given discounts include Food Court and Aryan. Further, cine goers would also be given discount at PVR.With 62,823 additional voters added into district electoral list, the strength of voters in district has gone upto 37.70 laky in 12 assembly constituencies. After final review of the voters list, a total of 62,823 voters including 35,255 males, 27,562 female and six eunuch were added into the district voters list.District election officer (DEO) Alok Kumar told TOI that the district has currently strength of 37,70,894 voters including 20,82,113 males, 16,88,598 females and 183 others in 12 assembly seats and they would be casting their votes on February 15. Earlier the strength of the voters in the district was 37,08,071.He further added that the highest 10,723 voters were added in Pratappur assembly seat and lowest 1175 voters were added in Allahabad west assembly seat.As per records, Phaphamau has a total of 3,08,356 voters including 1,69,145 males and 1,39,205 female voters. Similarly, Soraon (3,16,347) , Phulpur (3,13,762), Pratappur ( 3,18,744), Handia ( 3,19,441), Meja ( 2,81,611), Karchana ( 3,05,502) , Allahabad West ( 3,42,694), Allahabad North ( 3,54,743), Allahabad South ( 3,24,411), Bara (2,92,191) and Koraon (2,93,092) have strength of voters who would be casting their votes on Wednesday.After the final revision, a total of 6415 voters were added in Phaphamau assembly seat while 5846 voters were added in Soraon assembly seat. Similarly, Phulpur ( 5297), Handia ( 3447), Meja ( 3506), Karchana (6,442), Allahabad North ( 6,516), Allahabad South ( 6,421), Bara ( 4,227) and Koraon ( 2,808) were added.While district election office on Monday claimed to have completed all the preparation related to polling in district of Allahabad on Wednesday, polling parties would be dispatched to all 12 assembly seats on Tuesday.District election officer (DEO) District Magistrate, Alok Kumar told TOI that polling parties would be dispatched from three centers including Parade ground, Bharat Scout &amp; Guide and KP College ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880193", "title": "Cargo service still waits for take-off from Ozar", "text": "NASHIK: No deadline has yet been set for commencing air cargo operations from the Ozar airport.Reacting to reports that air cargo operation are scheduled to begin from the month of March, HALCON chief executive officer V Kiran Kumar told TOI, \"Some air cargo companies had shown their interests, but nothing concrete has emerged. We have not yet tied up with any air cargo company in this regard.\"Kumar also added that HALCON (a joint venture between Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd and Container Corporation of India) has not received any booking requests from the exporters or air cargo companies.\"We are making all efforts to start air cargo service, but it will take some time,\" he said, adding that to create awareness about air cargo services, HALCON will put up a stall at an industrial exhibition to be held in Nashik from February 24 to 27.\"We are approaching exporters, informing them about the air cargo services. We are also planning to interact with Nashik Industries and Manufacurers' Assocaition (NIMA) and other industrial associations in the region to promote air cargo services,\" he said.On September 20, HALCON along with terminal operator Clarion Solutions had announced the commencement of air cargo services at Ozar airport. But not a single air cargo has taken off from here, except the landing of the flight IL-76 of Axios Aviation carrying consignments from Russia for HAL in Nashik.''So far, we have handled only one air cargo flight IL-76 that came from Russia on October 1. This air cargo included the consignments from Russia for HAL. We are trying for the next flight, but it is difficult to say when it will take off,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11879523", "title": "'Zara hatke' celebration for them", "text": "PANCHKULA: Parties, dinners and other run-of-the-mill activities will not make their Valentine's Day special. Rather, bronco rides at the Sukhna Lake, tattoos and men going in for a makeover will give their \"hatke\" V-Day celebrations an exciting touch.\"Every year, we go out for dinner or party on February 14... it was getting boring. This time, a whacky idea has struck us. My girlfriend Sharon and I will celebrate the day by enjoying bronco ride at the Sukhna Lake and then a dinner at a Punjabi 'dhaba' instead of a swanky hotel,\" said Ritesh Verma, a resident of Sector 4, Panchkula.And, men will visit salons to do up in style. \"Not only me, but my husband as well will smarten up for the occasion. I have especially got a Valentine's package for him which includes a complete makeover with facials, pedicure, manicure and hair styling, among others,\" said Neel, a resident of New Zealand. She and her better half Navi are here to attend a relative's marriage.Some have been planning for the day for months. \"I had joined a kitty seven months ago, and requested the members to give my share of amount around V-Day, so that I could gift it to my wife. Now, as the clock will strike 12, I will present her Rs 1 lakh, along with heart-shaped cakes and balloons,\" said Vijay Sharma, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula.There are others who will let their love leave a mark. \"My husband and I will go for a heart-shaped tattoo and get each other's name inked on our hands,\" said Gurjeet, who tied the knot a week ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880663", "title": "Congress nudges Khurshid to say sorry, but hints at EC\u2019s tied hands", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Salman Khurshid on Monday wrote to the chief election comissioner that he never intended to transgress the law or the model code of conduct. He added that the matter was unfortunate and he regretted his previous statement. This is thought to have been prompted by the party's pressure on him.Earlier in the day the Congress had demanded the model code of conduct be given statutory status, indicating that Election Commission (EC) has limitations in punishing violators.Although the Congress did not join issue with the EC over the panel's view that Khurshid's pitch for a minority sub-quota is a violation of its orders, the party suggested the voluntary compact between the parties be given stronger legal basis.\"May be it is time that the model code of conduct is given statutory status. The EC should revisit its stand on the issue,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tiwari said when asked about the EC's letter to the President seeking her intervention. The statement came amid the dust raised by the law minister insisting he will support reservation for backward Muslims even if he is hanged by the EC.The poll panel censured him for his earlier comment that the Congress would provide a 9% quota to Muslims if it came to power in UP, and found his reassertion to be in \"utter contempt\" of its authority. It raised the row to a new level by asking the President to take immediate and decisive action against the minister. The Congress leaders argued that statutory status would remove ambiguity about violations, since it would be decided in court. \"The court would decide if a particular action constituted a violation and would hand out punishment,\" a leader said.But while the Congress made its points, the minister was to issue a statement that would defer to the EC while explaining that Khurshid has been misreported. This, however, did not happen.As if to underline the EC's limitations, Tiwari said the issue should not be dragged too far since even the President to whom the complaint had been made was bound by the advice of council of ministers. \"The issue should be allowed to abate,\" he said.The row has refused to die down as much because of backing in the Congress for Khurshid as also due to the BJP's aggression over \"The Congress communalizing the UP elections\".The Congress so-ught to quell the controversy on Sunday by asking its leaders to respect the EC which is constitutional body. However, the support among UP leaders for Khurshid showed that the party did not agree with the poll panel's argument that he had violated the code of conduct by talking about Muslim reservation.Khurshid and his supporters argued he had only spoken about the Congress policy as mentioned in the UP manifesto, and it could not be termed violation. Tiwari said the Centre had cleared 4.5% quota for religious minorities within the 27% OBC bracket.The spokesman dismissed suggestions of doublespeak - though Congress called for respect to the EC, its leaders, including central ministers, supported Khurshid. The Congress dismissed the BJP's charge of Khurshid \"communalizing the elections\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881257", "title": "Brit had illegally entered the country", "text": "PANAJI: British national Mcmullan Christian, 41, who was arrested by the Calangute police on the charge of stealing gold ornaments worth 19.21 lakh from a jewellery shop in Calangute market, has also been booked for staying in the country without valid documents.Christian was arrested on January 31 after the police raided his room in Baga and recovered allegedly stolen gold ornaments. Police said that the Briton had hatched the plan with a local, Anthony Mascarenhas, 31, who worked in a shack in Calangute to steal gold ornaments from Digambar Sangodkar's shop in Calangute. Mascarenhas has also been arrested.Police said Christian arrived in Goa in November 2011 without a valid visa.\"During interrogation, we learnt that he had entered India through Nepal and was staying illegally in Goa. After his arrival in India, he was residing in Baga. We checked all the documents in his possession and found that he didn't possess a valid visa. He also failed to produce any documents to show that he had legally entered the country,\" said police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880278", "title": "Big B advised rest", "text": "Actor Amitabh Bachchan was advised another day of rest by doctors at the SevenHills Hospital. He had undergone back-to-back surgeries for bilateral inguinal hernia on Saturday that lasted five hoursBachchan tweeted on Monday that he was in acute pain. \"Not such an exciting day! Acute pain throughout, but bearing up..still in hospital and delay now in release,\" he tweeted. Doctors from the hospital said that his discharge could be delayed by a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878679", "title": "Distribution of health cards begin from Dhule", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of health and family welfare has begun the distribution of health cards in Dhule district from Monday under the ambitious Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayee Arogya Yojna ( RGJAY). Dhule happens to be the first district of the eight chosen for implementation of the scheme in the first phase. The scheme has been launched first from Dhule as code of conduct is not applicable there.Under the scheme, over 2.5 crore families with an annual income of up to Rs 1 lakh are expected to benefit. In the first phase 38 lakh cards will be issued in Amravati, Gadchiroli, Nanded, Solapur, Dhule, Raigad, Mumbai and its suburbs. The scheme was launched by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state health minister Suresh Shetty on December 18 last year in Amravati during the winter legislative assembly session in city.\"We began the distribution of health cards from Dhule on Monday as there is no code of conduct there. About 4-4.5 lakh cards will be handed over to citizens in the district. The distribution in other districts will start next week after the end of code of conduct,\" said Bhushan Gagrani, health secretary.He added, \"The cards are being made available at fair price shops, with support from the village talatis, the Asha health workers and food inspectors, as the scheme is being implemented in coordination with food and civil supplies department.\"The government is ready with 30 lakh printed cards and the remaining 8 lakh are in the pipeline and would be distributed soon. The beneficiaries will have to identify themselves with a photo identity card to seek the health card. The scheme will cover citizens owning yellow ration cards, Antyodaya Anna Yojna, Annapurna card and orange ration cards.While the existing Jeevandayee Yojna covers only limited diseases and procedures, the present scheme will cover 972 procedures and 121 follow up procedures including kidney transplantation. The cashless process has been restricted to selected hospitals which will have a separate counter for scheme patients. It will also cover pre-existing diseases.The upper limit for all procedures has been fixed at 1.5 lakh and the amount for kidney transplant is Rs 2.5 lakh. The package includes all charges including hospitalization, procedure, diagnostics, food and transportation back home. The insured families will however have to pay a premium of Rs 367 annually. The beneficiaries will have to apply for renewal every year. Government has promised settlement of claim within seven days of receipt of original bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11881541", "title": "Man's body found in Ashok Nagar", "text": "GURGAON: A native of Ludhiana, who lived with his mother in a rental house in Rajiv Nagar, was killed by unknown persons. His body was found in a dry well in Ashok Vihar-III.Police have lodged an FIR. According to the police, they get information late on Sunday evening that a body was lying in a dry well in Ashok Vihar-III. The police team reached the spot with the fire brigade team and extricated the body from the well.On Monday morning the deceased was identified as 28-year-old Sagar, native of Ludhiana, who lived with his 60-year-old mother in a rental house in Rajiv Nagar.A senior police officer said that the victim was allegedly an alcoholic. He was working with a Guragon-based colour lab and the lab owner had sacked him because of his alcohol addiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11882518", "title": "EC shifts officers from Gandhi turf", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a swift decision, the Election Commission ordered the transfer of six senior officials in the Gandhis' home turf of Rae Bareli and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar (CSM Nagar, Amethi) on Monday.Though the commission gave no clear reason for the sudden move, sources said the transfers were likely made following complaints by the Congress. Rae Bareli's district magistrate Amrita Soni has been transferred to itapur, while Sitapur district magisrate Ajay Kumar Shukla has been packed to Rae Bareli. Five other officials, the sub divisional magistrate, additional district magistrate and inpectors have been shifted to non-election duties.They are BL Saroj (SDM, Dalmau Rae Bareli), inspector Sudhakar Singh Rae Bareli Sadar), ML Pandey, (ADM, Amethi), Anil Kumar Shahi, (station officer Mohanganj, Amethi) and Anand Bajpai,( inspector Amethi Kotwari). The ransfers allegedly came after a delegation of Congress leaders lodged a complaint with EC on Saturday suggesting that officers in the district administration in the Gandhi bastion were harassing Congress workers at the behest of the ruling BSP.The delegation also complained that the district administration stalled permissions to Congress's meetings, particularly those of Priyanka Gandhi. The Congress had also urged EC to debar the BSP state president and minister in Mayawati government Swami Prasad Maurya from visiting Rae Bareli and Amethi. Maurya's son is contesting elec tion from Unchahar in Rae Bareli.The complaint was lodged after an officer in Rae Bareli reportedly stopped a motorbike rally led by Robert Vadra Priyanka Gandhi's husband. Pawan Ku mar Sain, the IAS officer posted in Rae Bareli as poll observer had stopped Vadra's rally had also been transferred by the EC last week.To clarify its decision on Sain, EC said: \"This decision has been baseless ly linked to certain enforcement action taken by the particular officer in his ca pacity as election observer in an inci dent involving Robert Vadra. The offi cer acted in accordance with the law and in conformity with EC's instruc tions. The decision to post Sain to South Goa was in process for a week. Any dif ferent interpretation of Sain's deploy ment would be completely wrong.\"Priyanka lauds MP govt for progress, retracts Rae Bareli: Priyanka Gandhi on Monday committed a faux pas naming Madhya Pradesh, ruled by arch rival BJP, as one of the fast developing states, a 'slip of the tongue' she corrected immediately. Blaming the BSP government in UP for lack of development, she said while the state has not progressed for the last 22 years. \"You have seen MP, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra. All these states are progressing while UP is not developing,\" she said. Soon after she named MP, Gandhi could realize the faux pas made while addressing an election rally. With a smile on her face, she clarified, \"There is not such a good government in MP. It was a slip of the tongue.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879125", "title": "Clean &amp; clear: Police stations to wear swanky look", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What do you expect when you approach a police station in the city? Rows of rusted vehicles lying on its premises, a dog sleeping calmly in the passage and filthy chambers crammed with files generally sums up an average experience.\"It is all going to change. Visit city's police stations later this month and you will see the difference,\" says Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I. According to Tomar, a cleanliness drive is currently on and they are already getting compliments.\"We have given one-month deadline to all 20 police stations in Sector I to revamp themselves. It will not just be a cosmetic beautification with a coat of paint and furniture arranged nicely for a day but will have long-term impact on both working style of police personnel and experience of the visitors,\" said Tomar.One of the major points covered in the drive is to clear up the files and vehicles seized.According to a senior city police official, an average police station has more than 50 bikes and five cars parked outside as goods seized in connection with the case. Many a time, such goods remain unattended for a long time even after the case gets over.\"We have decided to clean up the premises and use it instead for plants and benches for staff and visitors,\" said a police inspector with city police.Tomar said that the best police station will be recognized and rewarded after his inspection starting February 16. \"While every public sector is taking a leaf out of corporate style, why not police? We want to see the change after the drive,\" he said.However, many view it with a suspicious eye. \"The need of the hour is to change the mindset of the police personnel. Many have their tales of horror while dealing with men in khaki. If such a drive makes them more cordial and approachable, it is a welcome move,\" said a social worker from Shahpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880869", "title": "Meet Parameswaran, Chennai's \u2018Valentine priest'", "text": "CHENNAI: He is the 'Valentine priest' of the city. A staff member at a leading educational institute, A M Parameswaran, 35, is passionately committed to matchingmaking. The young men and women he helps hail from different castes and communities, some of them love-struck couples who have eloped.\"I have helped at least 25 couples from different castes to get married,\" he told TOI. Most of these couples are from the IT industry. These days Paramu, as he is affectionately called, gets few requests but he is happy about it.\"The society's mindset is changing. Parents are coming around and agreeing to inter-caste marriages. So now, I don't have much work,\" he says happily. Paramu, who is a film lyricist, is also the All India president of the fans club of actors Surya and Karthi for the past few years.\"One of my friends fell in love with a Tanjore girl and I was forced to arrange a marriage for them. It happened 10 years ago and it was an inter-religious marriage. After that people started approaching me for intercaste marriages. My friends also started helping me,\" he recalls. Paramu has a set of archakas (priests) to perform marriages. \"We help the couples to register their marriages.On one occasion, a couple who got hitched without family support started attending marriages as witnesses. The couples have treated me like a family member. They have been inviting me for all the functions,\" says Paramu. He has, of course, faced lots of problems from the families of the couples. \"Parents obviously got angry with me. But they also turned good after a particular period. We never conducted marriages without approaching the parents. Many marriages happened after a series of talks with the parents. Marriages were conducted without parental consent only after we lost hope of persuading them.Now, the attitude has changed a lot. Most parents have started accepting the situation after talks,\" Paramu claims.\"We treat him like an elder brother. Once my father hired people to attack him, but now he has changed a lot. He is very friendly with Paramu anna,\" said M Kousalya, who is one of the many who got help from Parameswaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880568", "title": "Specs clue leads police to nab abductor", "text": "KOLKATA: It was the abductor's caution that ultimately landed him in the police net. When a group of miscreants abducted 42-year-old insurance agent Animesh Roy from Kulpi, the first thing they did was to confiscate his spectacles. Suffering from severe myopia, Animesh went virtually blind without specs till his release the following day after his family paid the ransom.The act of confiscating the glasses drew police's attention as it was suspected that one of the abductors could have known Animesh's medical condition. This clue finally led to the cracking of the crime and arrest of three.A person, who introduced himself as Somnath Chatterjee , called up Animesh on January 19 and expressed interest in purchasing a high-value insurance policy. Roy was asked to meet him in Kulpi.Lured by the prospect of a high-value policy, Animesh reached Kulpi the next morning. After he got off the bus, a youth escorted him to Daulatabad village, where his glasses were taken off and he was locked in a room. The abductors then called his family and demanded Rs 5 lakh in ransom, but finally settled for Rs 1 lakh.The next day, the victim's brother and a friend left for the appointed spot with abductors instructing them all the way. They were first told to board a Kakdwip-bound train from Sealdah. On reaching Laksmikantapur, they had to change compartments and finally alight at Kulpi. Following the instruction, they walked along the tracks. After some time, two youths met them and took the ransom amount. Animesh was released thereafter.During the probe, police found the abductors' knowledge about Animesh's high power (-14) intriguing. They felt that someone known to him was involved in the abduction. Working on this lead, police discovered that the victim was known to one Chiranjib Das, also a direct selling agent, who hailed from Sagar in South 24-Paraganas. \"The South 24-Parganas connection clinched it,\" said an investigator.Further investigation revealed that Chiranjib had earlier borrowed money from Animesh but never repaid it. This had led to bitterness between the two. Chiranjib and his aides Moloy Das and Seikh Moktar were rounded up by police. It was Chinrajib who had plotted the operation as he knew criminals who are active in Kulpi. The Kulpi-based gang is yet to be arrested.The act of confiscating the glasses drew police's attention as it was suspected that the abductor could have known Animesh's medical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880099", "title": "Teachers float helpline to counsel students", "text": "LUCKNOW: It is examination time and stress among children is on the rise. In order to help combat stress and make students feel easy, Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh (UPMSS) introduced a helpline centre on Monday. According to UPMSS state secretary, RP Mishra, there was good response from the students during an hour's time when it was opened on Monday. \"We got quite a few calls from the students who asked questions related to mathematics, and how to keep stress at bay,\" said Mishra.Mishra also apprised that from Tuesday, students can call on helpline numbers for any queries. For difficulties in Hindi subject, one can dial 9616492745, for English, it is 9616493997, for Mathematics, the number is 9616545280, social science, it is 9616492734. For stress related problems, students can call on 9616495896. The problems will be addressed by various experts from between 4.00 pm to 5.00 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11881927", "title": "For Sehaj, it's all about the bond with mother", "text": "DUGRI: Valentine's Day holds an entirely different meaning for Sehaj Kaur of Dugri. For her, it's a day to honour and love her mother Kamaljeet Kaur.In order to celebrate the special bond, the 13-year-old says, \"My mother is very special to me. She is the only person who loves me selflessly and has sacrificed everything dear to her for me.\"Talking about her Valentine's Day plans, the teenager adds, \"I am going to bake a cake for my mother as she has a sweet tooth. Last year too I baked a cake for my mother and we celebrated the day by spending time together.''She further adds, \"This year on Valentine's Day I have an exam. I plan to come back home from school and bake that special cake for her. Later, we will sit together and enjoy it.'' Sehaj's mother feels that she and her daughter apart from sharing the obvious mother-daughter bond, also share an amazing chemistry when it comes to being friends.\"Valentine's Day often focuses on 'lovers' rather than 'love', but for me and my daughter its all about the celebration of love in all forms,'' says Kamaljeet.All praise for her mother, Sehaj adds, \"I want to treasure all these memories for keepsake to remember in future. My mother is a very talented lady and her presence in my life constantly enriches my growing experience and understanding of life. Valentine's Day is an occasion for me to take a moment away from everything in life and let my mother know how much I love her and cherish her presence in my life.''Student of Class VII, KVM School, Civil Lines, Sehaj says her mother is the golden book of life for her. \"My mother has a solution to all my problems. Whenever I feel I'm in trouble or confused about something in life, I instinctively turn to my mother for support. And needless to say she's always there with a solution.''Kamaljeet said, \"My daughter is everything to me. She's very intelligent, emotionally as well as generally, despite her young age. I often seek her advise in important matters and make her a part of family decision making. And the best part - when we go for shopping trips together she stops me from overspending!''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879167", "title": "CBI seeks transfer of RTI case to apex court", "text": "KOCHI: Petitions seeking the inclusion of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and National Investigation Agency (NIA) under the Right to Information Act, have to be transferred to the Supreme Court to be heard along with other petitions raising similar demands, CBI told the high court on Wednesday.When the case came up for hearing before acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice PR Ramachandra Menon, CBI's counsel submitted to the court that three more petitions of the same nature were pending before the apex court and that CBI was planning to move the two petitions in Kerala to the Supreme Court.Former IAS officer Sukumar N Oommen, who had impleaded in the case, opposed the move , stating that he was ready to argue and his arguments should be recorded by the court before allowing the petition to be transferred.While the original petition by advocate DB Binu had sought the inclusion of CBI and NIA under RTI Act, the plea was later amended to challenge the exclusion 18 intelligence and security organizations, including CBI, NIA, RAW, Intelligence Bureau, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, Aviation Research Centre, CRPF, National Security Guards, and Special Services Bureau.Only CBI had been listed as the respondent in the case initially. NIA impleaded in the case later on.Three more parties impleaded in the case as petitioners at a late stage. They are former managing director of Madras Fertilizers, CPM's lawyers' union, and a Delhi-based reporter of journal Sach Bilkul Sach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879162", "title": "Love's labour is never lost", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Love's labour is not lost for some fortunate souls. Meet the lucky couple Purti Shah, 36, an architect and Ashish Shah, 46, professor of finance who is to celebrate their 17th years of marriage on this Valentine's Day.Purti was just 13 when Hashish, 23 first entered her life like a reel life hero rescuing her from a group of pranksters harassing her during a late night outing during Navaratri festival. \"And I fell in love at the first sight,\" says Purti, cuddling their five-year-old daughter Rujuta who too enjoys listening to their parent's love story.\"We instantly befriended each other, forgetting the age difference,\" recalls Ashish. \"We often chatted for long over phone, paid visits to each other's families and got each other little gifts. However, I never thought I would marry her.\"On one Valentine's Day, Hashish got Purti a gift - a pair of sterling silver earrings and she demanded that Hashish put them in her ears himself to commit to a relationship. \"And he denied. I too denied accepting the gift then. I left wearing earrings from that day,\" says Purti.Their interactions decreased and they were seldom in touch since a decade passed. Ashish, who had just finished his MBA then, was busy meeting and seeing girls to decide on a life partner. He met about 50 women but did not feel like committing to any of them. \"I longed to talk to Purti and suddenly I realized that I was in love with none other but her,\" says Ashish.A decade after having rejected her, Ashish gathered courage to back to Purti and propose to her. \"When he proposed, I demanded that I would accept the proposal only if he gets me the same pair of earrings back.\" says Purti. She also asked him to check the pockets of the blue checkered shirt that Ashish wore a decade before while he rejected her proposal. Ashish hopelessly fumbled the pockets of that shirt which was lying unused in a corner of his cupboard. \"I was amazed to find that pair of earrings from the shirt. I rushed to Purti's place and proposed her, which she accepted gracefully.\"They married on Valentine's Day the same year which was 1995. Purti flaunts that pair of earrings on each Valentine's Day as a symbol of their love and commitment for each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879349", "title": "I-T probes diamond firm's payouts to former judge's kin", "text": "KOCHI: The income tax department has found that reputed diamond manufacturer and IPL Kochi franchise Rosy Blue has been regularly paying money as 'retainership' to former chief justice of India K G Balakrishnan's son-in-law advocate P V Sreenijan.Mumbai income tax department in August last had raided Rosy Blue, promoted by B Arun Kumar and Company, following information about its undisclosed accounts in LGT Bank of Leichenstein. During the raid I-T found details of the payment. Mumbai director general of income tax investigation B P Gaur, who headed the probe, confirmed about payments made to Sreenijan. \"They failed to give an explanation about the payment. The payments were made regularly. I do not remember the exact amounts. The investigations are continuing,\" he said.These payments are part of a report prepared by the Kerala I-T investigation wing to its parent body CBDT on the probe into the assets of Balakrishnan. Sources said in 2006-2007, the company made a one-time payment of Rs 60 lakh to Sreenijan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11883010", "title": "CM plays cabinet card", "text": "BANGALORE: Like others before him, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has floated the idea of a cabinet reshuffle to keep his flock quiet. But it will be a tough exercise for him as he's facing challenges within the party on many fronts.With three ministers - Laxman Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar - resigning following Porngate (watching porn clips in the assembly when it was in session), ten berths are up for grabs. Even though most aspirants are likely to accommodated, there could be fierce competition among the leaders like BS Yeddyurappa, state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa, Sadananda Gowda and the RSS to accommodate their candidates.With the BJP central leadership directing the state unit to consult Yeddyurappa on all important matters, the former CM is expected to exercise his authority in getting the lion's share of the berths. The resignation of Savadi and Patil has brought down the strength of Lingayats in the cabinet. Of the ten slots, four Lingayats could find a place in the expansion.Sources said all the ten may not be filled and Gowda may prefer to keep three or four vacant. \"They may be filled during dissidence,\" he said. Among the probables being promoted by Yeddyurappa are Belur Gopalkrishna, Sanganna Kardi and D N Jeevaraj. Other probables are CT Ravi, Sogadu Shivanna and Ranjan Appachu. \"Caste and region equations will have to be worked out first,\" a senior BJP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881068", "title": "Classrom murder: School reopens after tragic incident", "text": "CHENNAI: Hushed voices occasionally punctuated the silence and a sense of uncertainty and fear was palpable when St Mary's Anglo-Indian High School at Parry's reopened on Monday with a memorial service for Uma Maheshwari after Thursday's classroom murder of the 41-yearold teacher by a class 9 student.Students began gathering for the service from 7 am, speaking in whispers about the incident, while their parents tried to reassure them that the horrific event was a one-off and would not happen again. The students were ushered into the school auditorium at 9 am.The hall was packed and the audience remained quiet with respect as tributes were paid to the slain teacher. In his tribute, school principal Fr Siby Mathew said when the UN secretary general died in an air crash in Africa in 1961 one word was written on the floral wreath: \"Void\". \"We face the same sense of loss,\" he added. \"Like a proud soldier, Uma died in the line of duty. It is a matter of pride and honour to speak about her because she was one person who was ready to do any task and who could stand out in a crowd.\"\"Whenever there was a shortage of teachers she would come up to me and say, 'Father, I can take those classes if you want me to,'\" he recalled.Shashi Lourdmary, a colleague and close friend of Uma Maheshwari, was choked with emotion when she spoke. \"There are a lot of things Uma spoke to me about. For some reason she even said she didn't think she would live for two more years. She once said, 'Sangeetha (Maheshwari's 16-year-old daughter) wants a computer and mobile phone but I want to give her Jesus Christ. In case something happens to me you should look after my daughters, Sangeetha and Janani. You don't need a bank balance in heaven,\" Lourdmary said.\"She had been speaking about the power of Christ recently and kept stressing that there is no power bigger than him,\" she added. Recalling her association with Maheshwari, Lourdmary said she was a wonderful friend and wife and a loving mother who had dedicated her life to teaching values. Maheshwari's daughter Sangeetha delivered a moving tribute to her mother that left several students in tears. Most students later recalled the teacher as a quiet and loving person.\"She was very affectionate and we all looked up to her,\" said a student whom Maheshwari taught. \"She never even raised her voice. It is a mystery why the boy committed such a ghastly act. We are all ashamed of what he has done.\" Parents said they were responsible for the conduct of their children.\"I blame the boy's parents for not speaking to him or trying to understand how he felt about school. The incident would not have occurred if the boy was advised by his parent,\" said R Mahalakshmi, the mother of a student. There were no classes on Monday and the students returned home with their parents after the service. School officials announced that Rs 5 lakh will be put into a fixed deposit account for the education of Maheshwari's children. They said more funds would be gathered if needed for the girls' higher education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11880142", "title": "Bhanwari Devi case: Report suggests bones were of animals", "text": "JODHPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), probing the murder case of ANM Bhanwari Devi, got a setback on Monday when the forensic science laboratory report suggested that the bones recovered from a canal in Jaloda village in Jodhpur were of animals and may not be of human beings.FSL experts from All India Institute of Medical Sciences on Monday submitted their report stating that all these bones which were recovered from Jaloda village were of some animals as none of the bones matched the human bones.\"Though two pieces of bones were human, but they were burnt to an extent that nothing could be concluded in the DNA test,\" said a CBI source.The team in its report said that all these bones were of various animals including dogs and cows except the two pieces.The CBI was banking on these bones to crack the case and prima facie they believed that these bones were of nurse Bhanwari Devi who was abducted, murdered and burnt. The theory given by the CBI also stated that the assailants after burning the body of the nurse, had dumped the bones into the canal.According to sources, the FSL team which was supposed to go for various tests to find if these bones were of Bhanwari Devi, have also returned every bit of bones to the CBI.However, senior officers of the CBI kept mum over the developments and despite several attempts they did not comment on the developments.The CBI team investigating the case had recovered some silver and gold ornaments and a wrist watch. Bhanwari's son too had confirmed that the jewellery and watch belonged to his mother. The CBI was desperately banking on these evidences to establish the fact that the nurse was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11882011", "title": "In Srirangam, Jaya doles out freebies worth crores", "text": "Trichy: Bringing cheer to voters of her Srirangam constituency, chief minister J Jayalalithaa distributed freebies and launched several infrastructure schemes, all worth Rs 240 crore, at a function on the premises of the Sri Jumbukeshwarar-Akilandeshwari temple at Tiruvanaikovil in Trichy on Monday.This was Jayalalithaa's third visit to the city after she became chief minister. During her first visit to Srirangam in June 2011, she announced developmental and welfare schemes worth Rs 190 crore, including the Rs 32 crore check dam across Cauvery at Mutharasanallur. Her second visit was in August last year in the run-up to the local body elections. During her Monday visit, she pressed the electronic button to symbolically announce the foundation laying ceremony for schemes worth Rs 160 croreincluding the National Law School. She launched freebies worth Rs 72 crore and made symbolic distribution to 72 beneficiaries.In her 25-minute speech, she said she had come to reassure the people about the schemes already unveiled by her government. She announced Rs 100 crore for the proposed National School of Law (NSL) to be set up in Navalur Kuttupattu. She reiterated that a bill would be passed in the assembly regarding the NSL and the institute would be on a par with international standards.The chief minister gave away freebies such as gold mangalsutra, marriage assistance, land title, scholarships, milch cows, goats, laptops, mixies , grinders, sewing machinesand a 'green' house as part of the free housing scheme. The freebies worth Rs 72 crore will benefit 1.02 lakh beneficiaries in her constituency.She announced construction of 432 residential flats in Dr Jayalalithaa Nagar in Srirangamat an estimated cost of Rs 24.44 crore. The scheme would benefit slum-dwellers residing in Srirangam and Trichy areas, she said.She also laid foundation stones for constructing bridges, roads, anganwadi centres, kitchens, PDS shops, community halls, toilets in schools and a dairy co-operative society building in Srirangam constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878532", "title": "UP elections: Campaigning for third phase ends", "text": "VARANASI: The end of election campaign for the third phase of assembly election on Monday left the political leaders as well as people guessing the fate of candidates of various political parties.Before delimitation, the district had six assembly constituencies --Varanasi Cantt, Varanasi South, Varanasi North, Kolasala, Chiraigaon and Gangapur. Now after the delimitation there are eight constituencies - Varanasi Cantt, Varanasi South, Varanasi North, Pindra, Ajagara (R), Shivpur, Rohaniya and Sevapuri. The newly emerged assembly constituencies are Pindra, Ajagara , Shivpur, Rohaniya and Sevapuri. The three constituencies including Chiraigaon, Kolsala and Gangapur lost their existence in the delimitation process and they were merged with other constituencies.While old veterans of BJP like Shyamdeo Roychaudhury from Varanasi North and Jyotsana Srivastava from Varanasi Cantt are looking for their next inning, their rivals from the Congress camp, Daya Shankar Mishra in Varanasi South and Anil Srivastava in Varanasi Cantt, are fighting for their debut appearance in the Vidhan Sabha.For Varanasi North seat, sitting MLA Abdul Samad Ansari of SP is getting challenge from Congress candidate Rabia Kalam, who represented the seat after the death of her husband Abdul Kalam (SP). In 2007 election, the SP refused ticket to her and fielded Abdul Samad Ansari. She contested the election as an independent candidate and secured second position. The BJP has fielded Ravindra Jaiswal from this seat.In 2007 assembly election, the BJP had won three seats --Varanasi Cantt, Varanasi South and Kolasala. However, BJP MLA from Kolasala Ajay Rai shifted his loyalty to the Samajwadi Party and later to the Congress. In this election, Rai is contesting on the Congress ticket from newly emerged Pindra seat after the Kolasala lost its existence in delimitation process. The SP had won two seats,Varanasi North and Gangapur, while Bahujan Samaj Party had won one seat, Chiraigaon in 2007.In this election a total of 149 candidates are in the fray at the eight assembly seats that include Varanasi North (28), Rohaniya (22), Varanasi Cantonment (24), Varanasi South (12), Shivpur (12), Ajgara-SC (21), Pindra (14) and Sevapuri (16).UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "11881275", "title": "NCP announces last three candidates, upsets aspirants", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) waited till the last day to announce candidates in three constituencies but that didn't stop ticket aspirants from contesting as independents.Ashish Shirodkar will contest on an NCP ticket from Mapusa constituency sidetracking party president Surendra Sirsat. Builder Venkatesh Moni Prabhu quit the NCP after he lost out to the party's mahila president Fermina Khaunte from Porvorim constituency and Rudresh Chondankar managed to get the ticket from Mayem constituency. Chodankar is the deputy mayor of the Corporation of City of Panaji (CCP) and Shirodkar is the chairperson of the Mapusa Muncipal council (MMC).Speaking to mediapersons Moni Prabhu said, \"Non-NCP members who had applied for tickets were directly received by NCP coordinator Praful Hede at his residence and this is the way NCP leaders have sold tickets to the Congress.\" He also made allegations against NCP Goa desk in-charge Bharati Chavan.Speaking to TOI, NCP spokesperson Avinash Bhosale said keeping in mind 'win ability factor' NCP has decided to give tickets to Shirodkar and Chodankar. \"Both have filed the NCP primary membership form today (Monday) morning,\" he said.Shirodkar is a close aide of health minister Vishwajit Rane whereas Chodankar is the close aide of Antanasio 'Babush' Monserrate. Sources in the NCP said that the blessings of Vishwajit, Cumbharjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar and Babush has secured the NCP ticket to Shirodkar and Chodankar.NCP president Surendra Sirsat was the front runner for the NCP ticket to contest from Mapusa and home minister Ravi Naik was lobbying hard to get the ticket for his son Roy Naik to contest from Mayem constituency.NCP is contesting seven seats for the assembly election: Mayem, Porvorim, Mapusa, Saligao, Sanguem, Tivim and Vasco.NCP was negotiating very hard to get Cortalim for Ramakant Borkar, but didn't succeed. The decision of the party has not gone smoothly with the party's North Goa general secretary Armindo Braganza who quit the party and filed a nomination as an independent candidate on the same day.Disgruntled with the decision Armindo Braganza along with his supporters reached the deputy collector's building in Mapusa to file his nominations even before Shirodkar who was busy filling the party forms in Panaji. Speaking to mediapersons soon after filing his nominations Braganza said that he was upset with the party's decision.\"NCP has back stabbed me by giving the party ticket to a stranger and imported candidate,\" Braganza said, adding that, \"NCP was zero in Mapusa, I built the party for the past one year, I have gone door to door, understanding each voter's problems and helping them,\"\"Ashish Shirodar was a BJP man first then switched over to Congress and now NCP and the party has trusted him which is very distressing,\" he said\"I am very happy that the NCP state president Surendra Sirsat suggested my name as the Mapusa NCP candidate. Of course there will be some discontentment among the aspirants. I will personally meet and convince them,\" Shirodkar said.\"Since only 18 days are left it won't be possible to reach every voter, but people of Mapusa know me and they will bring a change in leadership,\" he added.State NCP chief Surendra Sirsat said, \"Allotting the ticket is decided at the high command-level, as a party chief my job is to see that all our candidates are elected.\"When asked what made the party select a new candidate even when he himself has filled the candidature form, Sirsat said, \"As party chief I had to look after all constituencies, the high command must have felt that as president I may do a better job than as a candidate.\"Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11879094", "title": "Paresh desperate for funds: G K Pillai", "text": "GUWAHATI: Former Union home secretary G K Pillai on Monday said Ulfa hardliners' chief Paresh Baruah is desperate for funds to run the outfit after losing all his assets in Bangladesh.\"Paresh Barua lost all his assets when he left Bangladesh. Now, he is struggling to garner funds to run the Ulfa anti-talks faction. Our efforts should be geared towards preventing him from creating any assets,\" Pillai said on the sidelines of a seminar organized by the Centre for Development and Peace Studies (CDPS) here on Monday.Pillai said that Barua's desperate situation was evident by the fact that he had to leave behind even his wife and children in Bangladesh, along with all his assets. \"Now Barua is shuttling between the jungles of Yunnan province in China and Myanmar,\" Pillai said.Barua had to leave Bangladesh after Sheikh Hasina's Awami League came to power and her government launched a crackdown against northeastern rebel groups. In 2009, Bangladesh handed over top Ulfa leaders, including Ulfa chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa who is now leading the peace talks with the Centre, to India. Last year, the Hasina government chargesheeted Barua in connection with the 2004 Chittagong arms haul case.Pillai did not rule out that Barua's presence in Yunnan province was a mark of China's support. \"There could be tacit support from China. India has raised the issue with China at the diplomatic level last year. We have even provided a copy of Baruah's air ticket from Dhaka to Yunnan. But, as usual, China has been denying Barua's presence in its territory,\" Pillai said, adding that Barua's dream of an independent Assam was unachievable as there was a perceptible decline in people's support for him and his cause.The former home secretary also said the Myanmar army needed to be strengthened in order to flush out northeastern militant groups, including Ulfa, in its jungles as the force is not strong enough to take on the rebels.\"Of course, the Myanmar army is now willing to take on the northeast rebels based in its territory. But the force is not strong enough to do so and is also pre-occupied with other Myanmarese ethnic armed groups,\" Pillai explained.He observed that popular support to militant groups is on a decline with the people of Assam seeking peace and development.According to Pillai, the number of violent incidents in Assam has come down to 145 in 2011 from 251 in 2010, while the number of extremists killed declined to 46 in 2011 from 109 in the previous year. At the same time, the number of extremists arrested increased to 378 in 2011 from 370 in 2010, while 14 security personnel were killed in 2011 against 12 the previous year. Pillai said the number of civilians killed also came down 18 in 2011 from 53 in 2010. CChief minister Tarun Gogoi said that his government has kept its door open for dialogue with Ulfa and, simultaneously, is ready to deal firmly with any attempt to perpetrate violence in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880116", "title": "ATS knocks at Taquee door and faces ire, rescued by cops", "text": "New Delhi: There was high-voltage drama at Abul Fazl Enclave near Shaheen Bagh on Monday. This time, the target of sleuths was the house of 13/7 blast accused Mohammad Naquee, whom Delhi Police claim are informers, but their Maharashtra counterparts believe are IM terrorists.And on Monday, when three personnel of Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad came to serve a notice on Naquee's brother Taquee, all hell broke loose. ATS sleuths told Taquee to join the investigations in Mumbai.Though locals claimed the Maharashtra cops were heckled when they came knocking, Delhi Police have denied these claims.Sources said ATS sleuths came to Taquee's home around 11.30 am with a notice seeking his appearance in Mumbai on February 27. Apprehensive that he may be arrested without evidence, Taquee had earlier relieved himself from the notice by posting a medical certificate. That was last month.On Monday, when sleuths asked him to accompany him to Mumbai. Taquee asked them to bring the local police, if they wanted to detain him. Soon sparks began to fly and ATS men began assaulting him. Taquee's family immediately made a PCR call to the Delhi Police.\"Section 160 CrPC states a notice cannot be served by a police force beyond its own jurisdiction - not beyond a 1000-km radius. We asked them to call local police and they became aggressive,'' said Hamid Ali, a local resident.Though Delhi Police were swift off the blocks and brought the situation under control, they claimed Maharashtra ATS did not inform them before serving a notice on Taquee - again bringing to the fore the lack of coordination between the country's top intelligence agencies.Soon, the three ATS men were whisked away to the Jamia Nagar Police station and shielded from the ire of local residents.Additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry, however, tried to paper over the cracks. He said Tauqee's family had accepted the ATS notice.Local police, however, said what had compounded problems was presence of special staff of central district in the area, who were questioning locals about a stolen bike. \"This stoked fires and the situation deteriorated,'' said an officer.Taquee's family has lodged a complaint accusing Maharashtra ATS of trespass and physical assault.Taquee's brother Naquee was arrested by ATS for being involved in 13/7 bombings, a charge contested by the family who said he was working as an informer for Delhi Police and Intelligence Bureau. He was in fact helping them in tracking down IM topgun Shahrukh, they claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879891", "title": "Valentine's Day: Cupid strikes them in varied forms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While most Tricity residents spend the Valentine's Day with their romantic partners, there are some who prefer to be with their friends, families and relatives. Resident of Sector 15, Gauri Sharma, 22; likes to spend her time in the company of her grandpa Anil Kumar .She said, \"I like to be with my grandfather on this day, ever since my grandma passed away six years ago. We go window-shopping in Sector 17, and we relish the yummy icecream. Grandpa lives at Mohali and we often see each other.\" Puneet Singh, 20, a resident of Sector 22, said, \"I spend the day with friends and had been doing so for the past four years.Every time, we plan new exciting ways to enjoy the day. We have decided to go paintballing, then go for a movie and have dinner together. We are a group of 10 boys and girls.\"Mohali resident, Mona Tewari, 26, said, \"Its my mother birthday and I like to spend time in her company. I cook on this day though I hardly walk into the kitchen otherwise.\"Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879739", "title": "Get ready to be shaken, stirred", "text": "New Delhi: There is going to be an earthquake in Delhi on Wednesday - not a real one but to be simulated by government agencies to check the level of preparedness to deal with a crisis.Building collapses in schools, colleges, hospitals and shopping malls including the Select City Walk in Saket, fire incidents at various petrol pumps and massive disruption in bus and metro services will be acted out.Rescue work will be carried out with the help of more than 50,000 civil defence volunteers and officials from various government departments across the city.\"The scenario will be of an earthquake of intensity 7.9 on the Richter scale with tremors lasting for 48 seconds. The epicentre of the quake will be 275 km east of Delhi near Moradabad, UP. We are assuming that due to La Nina effect rains have lashed the city in the last two days. Sirens will be sounded at schools and Metro stations after which people will be evacuated as part of the mock drill. We will have civil defence volunteers to act as patients and the injured, who will be rushed to various hospitals including AIIMS for immediate treatment,\" said Vijay Dev, secretary, Delhi Disaster Management Authority (DDMA).Dev said Indian Army officers have been called in to act as independent observers. \"The Army officials will be present at focus areas in Defence Colony, Lajpat Nagar, Kalkaji, Saket, Hauz Khas and Karkardooma. They will monitor the response of the civic bodies, hospitals and traffic police among others and submit a report to the Lieutenant Governor's (LG) office,\" he said.The LG, who is the chairperson of DDMA, will discuss the shortcomings highlighted by the army and accordingly decide on the modalities for improving on the same.Sujata Saunik, advisor, planning and policy at National Disaster Management Authority said the national capital falls in the high-risk seismic zone IV. \"Few buildings are earthquake-proof. We have warned the government agencies several times about the need for retrofitting in certain buildings and the urgency for strict implementation of building bylaws but the outcome has not been as desired,\" she said. The NDMA representative said the mega mock-drill will help create awareness among the public and to alert the agencies responsible to act in a disaster situation.\"Our request to the public is they should not panic. They should come out in large numbers to participate in the exercise and learn how to be safe during disasters. We are going to issue an advisory in the newspapers on Tuesday highlighting the 100 focus points where the rescue operation will be simulated. SMSs are already being sent to the public,\" said Dev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879322", "title": "Ornamental fish should get green certificate: Experts", "text": "KOCHI: Experts from the fisheries sector suggested that the state should make concerted efforts for green certification of ornamental fish to increase its potential. The discussion came up at the two-day seminar 'Ornamental Kerala' organized by the department of fisheries as part of the India International Aqua Show 2012 on Monday.They said the state government should look into the green certification of ornamental fish based on the recent recommendations of the National Task Force report on the Marine Products Export Development Authority (MPEDA).Another recommendation was that trade in ornamental fish could be increased several fold in the coming years by establishing more breeding and farming centres to meet the growing demands of export and domestic markets, based on the successful KAVIL model. Public aquaria should be established in every tourist destination to popularize ornamental fish-keeping and trade; concerted efforts should be taken to develop aquatic plants and invertebrates for the aquarium industry, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11880073", "title": "Engineering student hangs self", "text": "AJMER: A 19-year-old engineering college student committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling on Sunday night. He was depressed by pressure of studies and parents. Police registered the case and sent the body for postmortem.Police said Yashwant Kumar Beniwal, the only child of Shanker Baniwal, was resident of Tower lane, Subhash Nagar and was pursuing first year of engineering from a private college.\"When the mother went to his room she found her son hanging from the ceiling,\" police said.\"His father was regularly telling him to bring good marks in class as he wanted to see his son on a good post,\" said the relatives.On Sunday evening, Yashwant had had a verbal spat with his father and was frustrated at being forced to study for long hours. He went to his room and hanged himself. Beniwal works in railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881724", "title": "School bus driver in no-parking zone crushes 3-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A school bus crushed a three-year-old girl in Tilak Nagar near Ghatkopar on Monday when it reversed without warning. Locals said the bus was parked in a no-parking zone.The Tilak Nagar police said the incident occurred around 7.30am opposite RN Gandhi High School, which had hired the bus. \"The girl, Tujala Kapure, was on the roadside, attending nature's call, a few metres from her hutment. She came under a rear wheel of the bus,\" said senior inspector RM Gavit of the Tilak Nagar police station. \"The driver, Mani Watan (44), had a proper driving licence. He has undergone a test to confirm if he took alcohol just before the incident.\"He said the driver had stopped the bus immediately and took the girl to Rajawadi Hospital, where she was declared dead on arrival. According to a police source, a doctor said the girl had died on the accident spot.Tujala was the only child of the Kapures, who are daily wage labourers. As they were getting ready to go to their construction site, neighbours rushed in with the tragic news. Tujala's father, Baban, said in his police statement , \"My wife and I were getting ready for work when our daughter told us that she was going to the toilet ... The incident has crushed us. We have lost our only child.\" He has sought stringent action against the driver.An R N Gandhi spokesperson said, \"The buses are run by private owners and we have no role in this issue.\"Bus contractor Suleman Abu said, \"The driver couldn't see the girl as she was sitting behind the tyre. She was not even visible on the side-view mirror. (Regarding action against the driver) we will ensure we follow the rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11881114", "title": "Positive jealousy helps student grow in career", "text": "BHOPAL: Unrest among youths in the contemporary society is a serious issue which needs to be tackled on priority. This is what has emerged at the talk-show 'Youth Unrest @ Bhopal', organised by Swami Vevekanand College of Science and Technology ( SVCT) in association with PR Solutions at Gyan Vigyan Bhawan, Barkatullah University on Monday.The objective of the talk show was to help students resolving their social issues they face during higher studies. \"We tried to resolve issues which act as a trigger for unrest among students. On occasions, students take to violence when their issues are not addressed, landing them in trouble. The talk-show attempted to motivate such students and help them work in positive direction,\" talk-show moderator and academician Dr Gaurav Raj Bhagat said.Former principal of Nutan College, Dr Shashi Rai said jealousy has been a major problem among youths in the contemporary society. \"Jealousy among youths leads to several problems. In the age of competition, students should draw inspirations from their friends and move ahead which is a positive jealousy,\" she said.IG Dr Aruna Rao said that unrest is a serious act. \"One of the best ways to avoid becoming a victim of unrest is to avoid the situation which provokes any youngster. In such situation, youths need to engage themselves in some constructive work. It would help them divert their mind,\" Dr Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880963", "title": "Nigerian\u2019s arrest in city opens can of cocaine", "text": "CHENNAI: Sleuths of Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) arrested a 36-year old Nigerian national on Saturday from anna Salai on charges of possession and distribution of cocaine in the city. NCB suspects that cocaine usage has gone up among affluent youngsters in the city.In order to curb the menace, NCB will be asking the city police to identify and crack down on hotels and pubs where the narcotic drug is being circulated during weekends. On Saturday, NCB sleuths got information that a Nigerian national was supplying cocaine in the city. A team of officers arrested Chukwuemeka Damasus Chinedu from alodge and seized 122gm of cocaine.\"It was packed in white translucent packets of 1gm each to facilitate easy street peddling. Chinedu was selling one gram of cocaine for `2000 to `3000 to his high-end clientele,\" a police officer said. Chinedu, from Lagos in Nigeria, has been in the business of cocaine peddling for nearly two years. He has been visiting India under the guise of a cloth merchant exporting T-shirts to Nigeria from Tirupur. His wife Calista, who is three months pregnant, is in Nigeria, police said. Investigators said he got South American cocaine from West African drug traffickers operating in Mumbai and New Delhi.\"Chinedu's main clients are party animals. Most of the clients are affluent,\" said NCB zonal director S Davidson Devasirvatham.Chinedu frequented star hotels, beaches, parks, pubs and eateries catering to his clientele. \"The youngsters in his circuit are said to have lured more youngsters into cocaine abuse and some of them have helped Chinedu expand his clientele in the city. We are not familiar with the Chennai network of cocaine users, but we are trying to crack it,\" said Devasirvatham.He added that earlier only 25gm were circulated during weekends. Now it has increased to 150gm. \"So we suspect there are at least 200 addicts, including girls. It is a major increase and it has to be curbed.\" He said that he would be asking the city police to crack down on joints where such narcotics are being circulated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11879766", "title": "Coal miners' strike hits ops", "text": "DHANBAD: Production, loading and dispatch of coal from different mines of the public sector Bharat Coking Coal Ltd (BCCL), Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL) and Eastern Coalfields Ltd (ECL) were badly hit on Monday following strike by the coal miners affiliated to Rashtriya Colliery Majdoor Sangh and Khan Majdoor Sangh. The two unions are associated with Intuc and Hind Majdoor Sangh, trade union wings of the Congress and the BJP.The coal miners are demanding revision in the ninth wage board agreement and a 60% hike in the wages of the miners. They have alleged the CIL management and a section of the trade unions agreed for a 25% hike. The two rival groups of Intuc colliery union clashed at Putki and Bhaura, resulting into injuries to one. The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) used mild lathicharge to disperse the pro-bandh activists at Bhaura mines of BCCL.The Intuc union led by former MP and Congress MLA Chandrashekhar Dubey alias Dadai Dubey joined the strike, while the another wing led by local Congress MLA and district Congress president, Mannan Malik, refused to join the agitation. Dubey claimed the strike got overwhelming response. \"We will go on strike for three consecutive days next month, if our demands for higher wages are not conceded,\" Dubey told TOI here. Dubey claimed the strike was total and there was no production.He claimed that the Colliery Majdoor Sangh with 1.16 lakh registered members was the largest trade union of colliery workers and it was denied its representation in the wage board agreement. The agreement was signed at 2.30 am and genuine representatives of the unions were not invited.Dubey alleged the CIL management entered into a deal with the trade union leaders with \"vested\" interest and denied the workers their due.BCCL officials here claimed there was no incident of violence in the coal mine areas and the situation was under full control. CISF and district armed police were deployed in the entire district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879507", "title": "Golf stroke towards community policing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To reach out to various sections of society through the medium of sports, Chandigarh police on Monday launched the website for 'Times IGP invitational golf tournament', which will start next month.The mega golfing event will be a perfect blend of the sport and glitz, with the participation of top-most industrialists, Bollywood stars, bureaucrats, police officers, socialites and business tycoons from Punjab, Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir and Chandigarh. It is an initiative of the Chandigarh police, in association with PHD Chambers of Commerce.\"It is for the first time that a handpicked list of prominent invitees from a variety of fields will be a part of any sports tournament. Golf lovers from civil services, judiciary and defense will meet on a common platform with the corporates. Also joining the field will be women golfers, amateurs and young budding players,\" said P K Srivastava, Chandigarh police chief, while addressing the media here on Monday.Besides 90 prominent golfers, international golf star Jeev Milkha Singh will also be a part of this tournament. Union minister for renewable energy Farooq Abdullah, Bollywood stars Sunny Deol , Abhay Deol and Sikander Kher and cricketers Kapil Dev , Harbhajan Singh and Atul Wassan will also be a part of it. \"After a kick-start in Chandigarh, this event will be taken to Jalandhar (in April), Srinagar (in June), Gurgaon (in August). Then, the winners of these four cities will come back to Chandigarh on November 17 and compete to lift the IGP trophy,\" Srivastava added. A welcome dinner and reception will be held for the golfers and their spouses at a five-star hotel here on March 3.\"People from diverse backgrounds will come on a single platform. Apart from playing, there will be an exchange of ideas and suggestions and it will help revive the concept of community policing,\" said Naunihal Singh, senior superintendent of Chandigarh police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879870", "title": "UK stabbing case: Praveen\u2019s condition improves", "text": "HYDERABAD: The condition of J Praveen Reddy, who was stabbed in London in a brawl with his room-mates at their Neham flat on Thursday, improved on Monday, according to family sources.The 26-year-old has been undergoing treatment at the Royal London Hospital.Meanwhile, the three students booked for the attack - Amareshwar Arava, 25, Sai Kishore Balguri, 25, and Nishanth Puttapaka, 23 - were produced before the Thames magistrates' court.Praveen Reddy's father Sudhakar Reddy and uncle Madhav Reddy reached London on Monday afternoon. They were received by the Indian High Commission officials. They were taken to the Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, where they spent a couple of hours inquiring about the health condition of Praveen with doctors attending on him.\"Doctors told my father that Praveen's condition has improved,\" victim's brother Jaya Shankar Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879147", "title": "International recruiters throng IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Despite looming economic gloom, major international recruiters returned at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) campus to take part in the final recruitment process which began on Monday.The first cluster of the cohort based placement had two cohorts - global strategy consulting and international investment banks. The cluster saw the presence of major recruiters of the institutes like Boston Consulting Group, McKinsey, Bain and Co, AT Kearney, Credit Suisse, HSBC , Oliver Wyman and Accenture.The Boston Consulting Group made the maximum number of offers during the recruitment process this year. \"We recruited 17 students of Post Graduate Programme in Management (PGP) from IIM-A this year. IIM-A continues to be one of our core campuses for recruitment and we look forward to continue recruiting large numbers in line with our rapid business growth,\" said Ravi Srivastava, partner and director at Boston Consulting Group. The consulting firm has been a major recruiter at the institute over the years.Apart from a few offers for working in international locations such as London and New York , most of the recruiters offered domestic roles during the placements.This year, a total of 372 students of the flagship programme of PGP are eligible for taking part in the cohort-based placement system.The duration of the cohort-based placement system, which was introduced two years ago, has been planned shorter this year. While the placements took around a month to complete last year, the entire process would be completed in less than two weeks this year. This has been achieved by reducing the gap between the clusters to just two days instead of the earlier gap of a week. The second cluster will be held on 17th February 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879172", "title": "Govt takes on CBSE schools in court", "text": "KOCHI: The state government contended in court on Monday that it had the right to set up rules applicable to CBSE schools too.When petitions by the CBSE school managements came up for hearing on Monday, additional advocate-general K A Jaleel challenged the stance of managements by pointing out that state government had the right to set up rules for even minority schools.The additional advocate-general also pointed out that only one out of the 12 petitions challenged the rules set up by the state government, which was contrary to the challenge raised by managements in the petitions against the norms by the government.After the government informed the court that an additional affidavit had to be filed regarding the allegations raised against the rules, the court postponed the case for final hearing after three weeks.When the case was heard on Friday, the managements contended that the rules set up by the state government did not apply to CBSE schools.CBSE schools are challenging the rule brought in by the state government, requiring managements to obtain fresh no objection certificates for running schools. After the Right to Education Act came into being, the government had framed rules for the Act that stipulated fresh NOCs for operating CBSE schools.Through an order issued on June 10 last year, the government had restricted permission to run CBSE schools only to managements having three acres of land and a minimum of 300 students.Last week, the government had informed the court that fresh NOCs had been mandated to ensure quality of service and infrastructure. Responding to petitions by CBSE schools alleging denial of right of managements, the government had submitted that the NOC rule brought forward in June last year was in view of the apprehension that mushrooming growth of CBSE schools would badly affect the public education system in the state.As many as 804 CBSE and 109 ICSE schools exist in Kerala, which is much higher when compared to other bigger states. Kerala stands next to Uttar Pradesh, which has a population of 16 crore, when it comes to the number of CBSE and ICSE schools functioning in the state.St Peter's Central School at Kottarakkara, Mythri Vidya Bhavan at Chandrapini, and Shanthiniketan Public School at Kodungalloor are the schools that approached the high court challenging the NOC rule. The main contention of the school managements is that all the guidelines that existed at the time of opening of the school were abided by, and as new guidelines do not have retrospective effect, the NOC rule does not apply.Through an order issued on June 10 last year, the government had restricted permission to run CBSE schools only to managements having three acres of land and a minimum of 300 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11881687", "title": "World\u2019s fattest man needs 18 helpers to stay alive", "text": "LONDON: The 'world's fattest man' , a Briton, is so large that he is bed-ridden but still devours eight hotdogs for breakfast and needs 18 caretakers to keep him alive. Keith Martin, 42, tips the scales at over 368kg, and is so large that he is bed-ridden .His needs are putting an extra drain on UK's National Health Service resources and costing the taxpayer thousands of pounds as he requires an army of 18 medical professionals to look after him, including ambulance staff, carers and nurses. Eight ambulance workers must be on hand to help hoist his giant frame to a reinforced vehicle for frequent hospital visits close to his home in Harlesden, North-West London .Trips for health checks are the only occasions in the past ten years on which he has left his bed, the Daily Mail reported . He also requires four carers to visit him twice a day and four nurses , three times a week to wash him and monitor his health as his staggering weight is putting massive strain on his heart and other internal organs.Medics say he would need to shed half his bulk before he could even be considered for a gastric band to aid his weight loss. Martin took the crown of heaviest man on the planet after the previous title-holder , an over 571 kgs Mexican, went on a crash diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884403", "title": "Rituparno shares his thoughts", "text": "Music lovers are saddened by the loss of Whitney Houston . Needless to say the singer had her share of admirers the world over.Closer home in Kolkata even filmmaker Rituparno Ghosh comes across as one of her ardent admirers. The director who is busy shooting the Tagore film shared on a microblogging site, \"Whitney Houston just passed away and she's exactly my age.\" The director also added, \"I've noticed that death has this habit of making someone seem older than they are, with the passing the age becomes just a piece of info.The perception is of immense age and dead soul part of the past. Life is always so much younger than death!!! And we will always love her!- Whitney Houston- a personal favourite for me and most others of my time\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881396", "title": "Flying squad seizes 3L from car at Porvorim", "text": "PANAJI: The flying squad of the election commission on Monday evening seized cash of around 3 lakh at Porvorim. Sources said that following a tip-off, the cash was recovered from a Hyundai Verna car, near the Kavlekar fast food outlet.The car belonged to a supporter of a politician, sources said. A police official said that no complaint had not yet been filed.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878997", "title": "New locos to improve rly efficiency, decrease carbon footprint", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Railways (CR) has introduced the highly advanced WAP-7 locomotives (engines) in order to boost efficiency of its services. The WAP-7 loco, developed indigenously by Chittaranjan Locomotive Works, has already been introduced in the Dakshin Express and will soon be introduced in Sampark Kranti Express, Indore Trishatabdi Express and Nagpur-Indore weekly express.\"Indian Railways is one of the most efficient railways of the world. On road, the cost of transporting one tonne of goods per kilometre is Re 1, while on rail it is 4 paise. These locos would further increase our efficiency,\" said Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manager (DRM), CR. The new engine is capable of hauling trains at speeds up to 160km per hour.The loco will also do away with the need of banker engines, which are used to boost regular engines in hilly terrain. \"When we use a banker engine, the cost is not only for pushing the train through the terrain, but also of bringing the banker engine back to the starting point. A lot of time is also spent on attaching them. The introduction of the WAP 7 locos will help save a lot of time, money and energy and thus will also reduce the carbon footprint ,\" Dixit said.Apart from saving energy of the banker engines, these new engines will also generate energy while going down slopes in hilly terrain. Around 30% of the energy needed to run it will be regenerated.Brijesh Dixit also said that these locos will be introduced in trains according to the requirement of the regions and trains. \"Trains passing through regions which have more uneven terrain and more traffic will get the new locos first,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882864", "title": "Probe porngate, court tells police", "text": "BANGALORE: A local court on Monday directed Vidhana Soudha police to investigate the alleged watching of porn clips by two ministers on their colleague's cellphone on the floor of the legislative assembly, even as the three disgraced legislators sought a week's time from the speaker to reply to the charges levelled against them.Acting on a private complaint filed by advocate Dharmapal Gowda, 8th additional city metropolitan magistrate (ACMM) Kiran Kini asked the Vidhana Soudha police sub-inspector to submit a report by February 27 when the matter will come up for hearing.Laxman S Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar quit as ministers on February 8 after the incident hit the headlines.In his complaint, Dharmapal Gowda, hailing from Ennemajalu in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district, has alleged that the three ex-ministers' action had damaged the sanctity of the House and also brought disrepute to the state which had a rich cultural heritage.He has further said that instead of registering a case under Sections 66 and 67 of the IT Act after bringing it to the notice of the speaker, the police had not lifted a finger.The complainant has argued that only a police inquiry could get to the bottom of the issue as the accused had claimed that some unidentified outsiders had sent the obscene clippings to their mobile.He said according to Sections 292 and 294 of the Indian Penal Code, the act of the accused came within the jurisdiction of the ACMM court. It may be recalled that speaker K G Bopaiah had said that though he would not register any criminal complaint on the issue, those who wanted to do so could go ahead.Meanwhile, the speaker's deadline for the three MLAs to submit their statements on the incident ended on Monday. Hours earlier, the trio sent their personal staff to hand over letters to l e g i s l a - tive assembly secretary P O m p r a - kash seeking one more week to reply. The three MLAs have been barred from attending the proceedings of the assembly till a House inquiry committee submits report on March 12.The House committee though is yet to be constituted as both the Congress and JD(S) have declined to be part of it, stating there was no need for a panel to look into the glaringly self-evident act of shame.'IT IS HUMAN TO ERR'Agriculture minister Umesh V Katti defended his three disgraced former colleagues, saying \"It's human to err.\" Speaking on the sidelines of a public function in Belgaum, Katti took potshots at the media alleging that they are unneccesarily creating a hype over the porngate episode. State BJP chief K S Eshwarappa maintained that the trio will not be suspended from the party. \"Seeking their resignation is too big a punishment. There is no question of suspending them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880376", "title": "Law minister Salman Khurshid writes to CEC , seeks to end standoff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law Minister Salman Khurshid on Monday night sought to cap the stand-off with the Election Commission over his Muslim sub-quota remarks by writing a letter to the poll body in which he is understood to have said that he has all the respect for the constitutional authority.In the letter written to Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi and delivered late on Monday evening, Khurshid said the controversy created by his remarks was \"unintentional\", sources said.The letter by Khurshid to the CEC came a day after Congress party went public disapproving of his confrontation with the EC.Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi had said on Sunday that EC is a constitutional body and the party wanted all Congressmen to speak \"as per norms of public life and law of the land\".In obvious disapproval of Khurshid's spat with the Election Commission, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday said in Allahabad that Congress has made it clear that \"people occupying posts of responsibility should speak responsibly\".In an unprecedented move, the EC had on Saturday written a letter to President Pratibha Patil seeking her intervention on Khurshid's alleged defiance of the poll body's censure of his remarks promising to double job subquota for Muslims which the EC found violative of the model of conduct.Even after the EC's censure, the law minister reportedly told an election meeting in Farrukhabad that he would continue to fight muslims subquota even \"if they (EC) hang me\".The CEC found the tone and tenor of the remarks of Khurshid \"as utterly contemptuous and dismissive\" of the Election Commission and damaging to the level-playing field\" in Uttar Pradesh assembly election and sought \"immediate and decisive\" intervention of the President.Khurshid's subquota remarks were first made during a rally in support of his wife Louise who is contesting as a Congress candidate in Farrukhabad.On Saturday night, the law minister had at another rally stuck to his subquota stand, drawing the anger of the EC.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879585", "title": "Valentine's Day: Courting with letters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"At that time, Valentine's Day was hardly heard of, but we had our own way to express love to each other,\" says Dr Ranjana Malik, wife of former chief of army staff (COAS) General V P Malik.In a candid chat with TOI, Dr Ranjana, who has served in Army as a doctor, gets nostalgic and recalls how letters were then the only and most impressive mode to express feelings and affection to each other. \"We used to communicate with each other through letters during V P's deployment in field or operational areas. And letters did the trick during our courtship period too,\" she says as she vividly remembers their first meeting. \"It was an evening of December 27, 1967, when we first met at a friend's party in Delhi. After talking for a while, we discovered we had some common interests. And then, we started seeing each other,\" she smiles. Ranjana was then selected in Army, but had not joined the academy.\"He proposed to me on May 28, 1968, and we married on September 30, 1968, after almost nine months of courtship. Letters held a special place in the life of an armymana?\u00a6 these brought news of their safety, wellness as well as conveyed their affection to their near and dear ones who waited anxiously for them at home,\" she says.So what did they adore in each other? If General Malik was impressed with her collection of books, his soberness and smile won her heart, she adds.She has a few plans to make him feel special this Valentine's Day. \"A lovely gift and plenty of time with him will add charm to our celebrations. I will celebrate the day with him at Wallington , Tamil Nadu. Valentine's Day is a special occasion, but a relationship needs to be nurtured every day,\" she says before boarding a Chandigarh-Mumbai flight on Monday.After retirement of General Malik from Army, the couple has settled in Sector 6 of Panchkula.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881285", "title": "Congress may ask rebels to stay out of fray: Sardinha", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress is likely to approach its dissidents who have filed nominations as independent candidates so that candidates of the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party alliance do not face any difficulty in winning the March 3 assembly polls.Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) working president, Francisco Sardinha, told reporters on Monday, \"We (party) will sit down and discuss whether to approach dissidents... to convince Congress rebels to withdraw their nominations from the assembly elections.\"He said the party will fight this assembly election under his leadership. \"I am in charge right now and Congress will win at least 22-23 seats,\" stressed Sardinha.He held that candidates of the Trinamool Congress (TC) will not affect the prospects of the Congress as \"people will not waste their vote\". He added that if the Congress is voted back to power it will \"try to give a very clean government\" while \"some tainted persons may be kept out of the government\".Sarindha is hopeful the alliance will win all 11 seats allotted to families: Ravi and Ritesh Naik, Churchill and Valanka Alemao, Joaquim and Yuri Alemao, Pratapsingh and Vishwajit Rane, Atanasio and Jennifer Monserrate, and Pandurang and Dhaku Madkaikar.He said the Congress manifesto would most likely be released in the next two days and he is sure the Goan electorate \"will give the Congress a chance to fulfill its remaining assurances\". \"We are sure that with the cooperation of all Congress workers the party will form the next government in Goa,\" said Sardinha.Goa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881640", "title": "No different when it comes to love", "text": "MUMBAI: Toshan Chatterji (23), an engineering student, has never received love notes or been wooed. The problem, he says, is that not many want to befriend him, leave alone go on a date.Toshan was diagnosed with cerebral palsy at birth. Although he can walk on his own and has an academic flair, he is unable to control his neck's movements. His neck tilts to the left, as a result, and his speech is slower than others.\"Not many people want to spend much time trying to understand what I say,\" he said. \"From whatever I have read and seen of love, it is a beautiful feeling. I, too, want to fall in love, go on dates, care for a person and get loved in return. But nobody accepts me the way I am.\"As couples chalked out plans for Valentine's Day , there was a section of society that felt divorced from the sentiments . Physical handicap was one of the biggest villains in a love story, they said, while speaking to TOI.Malini Chib (40) candidly admits that she is still looking for love. Malini moves around in a wheelchair and can move only two fingers-one at a time-on the left hand. She communicates using a teleprompter and has even written a book, One Little Finger. \"I am a grown-up woman. I have completed double MA. But the only thing I have never had is a romantic relationship,\" said Malini. \"I want to be touched. I want to be loved romantically . But I can't because I am disabled.\"Both Toshan and Malini are attached to the organization, Able Disabled All People Together (ADAPT). After passing out of a special school, have been working for inclusion of the differently-abled in society. \"No matter how intelligent my son is, no matter if they get a job, they always lack companionship,\" said Manju Chatterji, Toshan's mother and deputy director of ADAPT.But not all people with spasticity lead loveless lives. A few matrimonial sites help make matches among such people, but they are too few to help everyone.A science graduate from Jamnagar, Anjana was taken to meet Bharat Shah in an arranged marriage set-up . She confessed that she was quite petrified as Bharat was \"shaking, lolling and drooling all over\" . But finally, Bharat's exuberant nature and intelligence scored over his physical limitations. \"I got married at the age of 27, about 20 years ago. We had a son two years later and he is completely normal,\" said Bharat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881750", "title": "EOW to investigate bomb suits scam", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) submitted a report on the multi-crore bomb disposal suits (BDS) scam to the DGP, the probe has been entrusted to the economic offences wing (EOW).\"The ACB's report is quite comprehensive, but still it was felt that the EOW should investigate the scam. Accordingly , ADG K L Bishnoi has submitted a complaint to the EOW. After preliminary investigations, we expect that the EOW will be able register a criminal case against the BDS supplier,\" a senior IPS officer told TOI on Monday.Significantly, there appears to be a vertical split in the manner in which the DGP and the home department have been dealing with the BDS procurement row. A section of IPS officers expressed the view that on the basis of the ACB report, the DGP should have registered a criminal case against the supplier . Another section said the ACB's probe was for a limited purpose and further investigation was needed.Following a complaint lodged by the then principal secretary (home) P K Jain, additional chief secretary U C Sarangi had entrusted the probe to the ACB. After recording the statements of trader Biman Agarwal, the then DCP Shrikant Tarwade, and home department and police HQ officials, the ACB had recommended criminal proceedings against the trader and a departmental inquiry against Tarwade and home department officials.In the wake of the 26/11 attacks, the DGP's office had floated a tender for the supply of BDSs. After inviting tenders, an order for 82 BDSs was placed with a firm controlled by Agarwal. A payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to him on March 31, 2009. But till date, the supply has not been received by either the home department or the DGP. All along, Agarwal has maintained the view that he was prepared to deliver the BDSs, but the DGP was not accepting them. The DGP's office said that unless there was pre-verification of the goods, they would not be accepted. The DGP's contention was that the suits were not in accordance with tender conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11880721", "title": "Maya hope lies in horror memories of Mulayam raj", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When Allahabad votes on February 15, SP's heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav would wish the political adage - public memory is short - comes true.BSP will hope Allahabad has not forgotten five years of Mulayam Singh Yadav's rule that sent crime rates soaring. The city is set to be the perfect test case to check if Maya can stoke the lingering 'Mulayam raj' memory enough to keep people from jumping off her ship.It's a test case because Allahabad is home to bahubali Atiq Ahmed and BSP lets no opportunity pass to remind people of the Atiq's that Mulayam's earlier era spawned.Atiq Ahmed, now orphaned by SP and accused of several crimes including the murder of a BSP MLA from Phulpur, is seen to have once spread terror in the region claiming the SP chief's patronage.SP has understandably dumped Ahmed - a hoodlum to some and Robin Hood to his followers. Ahmed, once SP's MP from Phulpur, is seeking to revive his sagging political career by contesting from Allahabad (West), one of the district's three urban assembly constituencies, on an Apna Dal ticket. He recently got bail from the HC to campaign. Accused in many cases, the strongman with a handlebar moustache landed behind bars only when Mayawati, promising to improve law and order, swept to a clear majority in 2007 and went after SP warlords with vengeance.She did keep her promise of cleansing the streets of Allahabad of hoodlums and choking their political patronage but observers wonder if that might be enough for her to keep her flock of voters together or are they as tired of her regime this time around?While her core voters remain loyal, Maya has to contend with the possibility that others, 'plus votes' as poll pundits like to call it, could drift out of her grasp to either SP, which is attempting a to turn a new leaf or Congress, which may not have much of a cadre to boast of but has unleashed a frenetic campaign led by Rahul Gandhi. The caste calculus and candidates' affiliations for each of the 12 seats in Allahabad district would hold the key to electoral results, just as in any other part of the vast state. But the collections of these small chunks of votes are capable of altering the game substantially and Mayawati would be wishing, to twist the words a bit, that public memory persists as a welcome reprieve from the worries of her days.For Congress, spring lies in the high percentage of voting reported in the first two rounds. It would be hoping on February 15 that those disenchanted with the ping-pong between SP and BSP instead put their trust in a leader from Delhi that has too few a sepoy in UP to fight his battle. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11881460", "title": "With 2 days left, footfall up at Surajkund", "text": "FARIDABAD: With just two days left for the fortnight-long Surajkund Crafts Mela to come to an end this year, there has been an increase in the footfall on Monday, despite being a working day.This number is expected to rise over the next two days, say mela officials. Among several stalls, Hyderabadi bidri work (an art form where silver sheets and wires are beaten into artefacts made of zinc and copper alloy) has found patrons despite these articles being highly priced.This is for the second year that Aneesh Ahmed, an artisan from Hyderabad said is participating at the event after 2007. From decorated plates, vases, bowls, ashtrays, hookah bases there are jewellery items and trinket boxes on display at this stall.\"Bidri (a specialized metal handcraft) is done in Andhra Pradesh. The basic material used is an alloy of zinc and copper. After moulding, the required article is filed and the surface smoothened. The design is then sketched and engraved on it. Pure silver wires and sheets are inlaid by hammering them into the engraved designs. After the silver inlay work is done, the item is filed, polished, buffed, and then oxidized,\" explained Ahmed. The oxidizing is done with a solution containing a particular type of earth from the fort at Bidar.\"This takes long to be made since each design is carefully traced by hand by the craftsmen with the help of chisels. After this silver wire or sheet (gold in rare cases) is hammered into the grooves of the design and the surface smoothened with the help of a buffing machine. The articles are finally heated gently and treated with a solution to add an effect of making the entire surface turn jet black providing a distinct contrast to the shining silver inlay,\" added Ahmed. Blackened jewellery and decorative vases are among the favourites of the buyers.\"The items might be expensive but this is surely a take home display item, all the more since one does not find these in this region very often which makes it unique,\" said Sandhya Dhawan, a shopper at the bidri stall at the mela who came all the way from Rohtak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881441", "title": "Margao, Vasco may miss out on Carnival celebrations", "text": "PANAJI: The towns of Margao and Vasco are likely to miss out on Carnival float parades and related celebrations as the respective organizing committees are yet to inform election officials about their composition.There, however, exists the likelihood that Carnival parades may be held in Panaji, Mapusa and Ponda beginning this weekend, as the respective Carnival organizing committees were reshuffled on Monday to include government and municipality officials.Addressing media persons on Monday evening, joint chief electoral officer Narayan Navti said, \"I think they (Margao and Vasco) are running out of time. It is highly unlikely now that they will be able to get permission.\"Navti said that Panaji Carnival committee president Francisco Martins, travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG) president Gaurish Dhond and others had visited the office of the chief electoral officer at Altinho on the issue.\"It was decided that the organizing committees should also have representation from the tourism department and the respective municipalities as far as management of government funds are concerned. The other aspects of organizing could be left to the cultural organizations,\" Navti said.He added, \"The organizing committees of Panaji, Mapusa and Ponda were re-constituted and we were intimated about it. We immediately forwarded the same to the election commission for approval.\"TOI had reported last week that uncertainty looms over government-sponsored carnival celebrations this year, since election officials had indicated that the EC may not grant permission for the festivities.The tourism department, which funds the festivities, had also issued a statement saying, \"The celebration of Carnival 2012 will take place subject to receipt of NOC from Election Commission of India\".Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881160", "title": "EPIC cards a must, says EC", "text": "PANAJI: The Election Commission of India (ECI), after taking into account all relevant factors and the legal and factual position, has directed that all electors in each of the 40 assembly constituencies in Goa, for the general election notified on February 6, shall produce their elector photo identity card (EPIC) for establishing their identity before casting their votes.Electors who do not have a EPIC shall have to produce the authenticated photo voter slip issued by the election machinery for identification in the polling stations, states a press note issued by the directorate of information and publicity. The overseas electors who are registered in the electoral rolls under Section 20A of the Representation of the People Act, 1950, based on the particulars in their passport, shall be identified on the basis of their original passport only (and no other identity document) in the polling station.General observers for North Goa district: General observers appointed by Election Commission of India (ECI) to observe the process of the ensuing general elections in the state legislative assembly in North Goa district have arrived.The names of the observers with the details of constituencies assigned and their contact numbers are as follows: Vasudha Mishra (Ph: 9405108863) for Mandrem and Pernem assembly constituencies; Vandana Kini (Ph: 9405108864) for Tivim, Mapusa and Siolim constituencies; Shahla Nigar (Ph: 9405108865) for Saligao and Calangute constituencies; Deepti Gaur Mukharjee (Ph: 9405108871) for Panaji and Taleigao constituencies; Shashi Bala Gulati (Ph: 9405108872) for St Cruz and St Andre constituencies; Anita Rajendra (Ph: 9405108873) for Bicholim and Cumbharjua constituencies; Nagambika Devi (Ph: 9405108874) for Mayem and Sanquelim constituencies; Mrudula Sinha (Ph: 9405108876) for Poriem and Valpoi constituencies; and Suprabha Dahiya (Ph: 9405108879) for Priol and Marcaim constituencies.Expenditure observer available at MapusaThe expenditure observer of the election commission of India, R K Singh, for Mandrem, Pernem, Bicholim, Tivim, Mapusa and Siolim constituencies is available at the Mapusa Residency. Singh can be contacted on 9405108891 or 2253073 (Tele fax: 2253188).Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881638", "title": "23 sent to jail for violating Rlys Act", "text": "PUNE: A fine of over Rs 1.5 lakh was collected by the railway protection force (RPF) of Pune division in the last 10 months for violating provisions of the Railway Act. During the process, as many as 23 people were sent to jail.Railway officials said the action was taken in 9,367 cases, which puts a question mark on the safety and security of rail users. Cases in which maximum action was taken were about unauthorized entry in reserved or coaches meant for handicapped persons, trespassing, smoking , nuisance and unauthorized hawkers.Other cases in which action was taken were chain pulling, touts, people disturbing rail traffic, travelling on footboard, damage caused to closed level crossings, and men travelling in women's coaches. Besides, in the last ten months, the RPF arrested 184 eunuchs and prosecuted them.The RPF assisted the commercial staff in several drives and registered 11,987 cases under various sections of the Railway Act in which a fine of Rs 47.97 lakh was recovered. Officials said the RPF busted an interstate gang involving passenger lugguage thefts.Of the other achievements, the RPF conducted passenger awareness campaigns to prevent drugging of passengers. It rescued a 32-year old woman who was missing from Thane station, and another minor girl aged ten years who was missing from Chinchwad station recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879798", "title": "Special prisoners add to space crunch at Chanchalguda", "text": "HYDERABAD: The central prison at Chanchalguda is facing a space crunch. With prisoners getting special category status like never before, authorities have been hard-pressed to create space for exclusive rooms for them.On Monday, suspended IAS officer BP Acharya, too, received special category prisoner status which entitles him to a special room, cooking facility, a cot, a table and a chair, among other things. It's not about just providing accommodation but handling these VIP prisoners with care so that they are not inconvenienced, is proving to be a tough task for the Chanchalguda authorities.Friends and relatives visiting these special prisoners too have special rules governing their meetings. Those currently lodged as special prisoners at Chanchalguda jail include Gali Janardhan Reddy, BV Srinivas Reddy, Rajagopal, Vijay Sai Reddy, Koneru Prasad, Sunil Reddy, Vijayaraghavan and Nookarapu Surya Prakash. Now, BP Acharya has also been added to the list, taking the total to nine.DIG prisons, Telangana, B Samuel Johnson said providing accommodation to special category prisoners was not a problem. However, the issue is the kind of accommodation. It is learnt that Vijay Sai Reddy, arrested by the CBI in the Jagan assets case, did not quite like the room allocated to him.Sources said repairs were undertaken, including those pertaining to the flooring of the room, providing mesh wires and also painting of the room just so that the room became habitable.The rich and the mighty in jail are also not content with the arrangements for their religious affairs in the jail. There is a Shiva temple in the jail where prisoners perform puja. Shirdi Sai Baba devotees offer prayers to idol of the deity. According to sources, these special prisoners, now cooling their heels in the jail as undertrials in various cases being investigated by the CBI, wanted a bigger and better idol of Sai Baba.A new marble statue of Shirdi Sai Baba was installed in the Shiva temple in the prison a couple of days ago and puja was also conducted by all the prisoners.While prisons department authorities said the new idol was installed by the jail itself, sources said this was sponsored by some of the bigwigs enjoying special category status in the prison.With as many as nine bigwigs enjoying special category status in the prison, the challenge for the authorities is to provide more such accommodation, in case the CBI were to make more arrests.Sources said the room which had been allocated to Satyam's ex-chairman B Ramalinga Raju has been kept locked and not been provided to anyone else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880321", "title": "Bengal CPM \u2018discovers\u2019 Vivekananda", "text": "KOLKATA: He didn't ever need Marxist backing to take India to the world. The Bengal Marxists, too, kept away from his idea of Vedantic socialism because they refused to see anything beyond class struggle. Now when they are trapped in a blind alley, the CPM is 'discovering' Swami Vivekananda and the other sons of 19th century Bengal Renaissance - Iswar Chandra Vidyasagar and Rammohan Roy - to reinvent the path of Indian liberation.So don't be surprised if you see a column dedicated to Swami Vivekananda at the Kolkata CPM party office, where the state conference is due to begin on February 15. The columns of Vivekananda and Acharya Prafulla Chandra Roy stand alongside pictures of CPM state secretaries Promode Dasgupta and Saroj Mukherjee. CPM leaders seem to have learnt a hard lesson - that they need to identify with our national legacy to renew links with the people.CPM state committee member Manab Mukherjee sees the Vivekananda column as \"a tribute to the illustrious son of Bengal on his 150th birth anniversary.\" But why did the party suddenly discover Vivekananda on the eve of the party conference? \"There is nothing special in it. We pay tributes to the likes of Rabindranath Tagore and Acharya PC Roy,\" Mukherjee said.The Left publishing house National Book Agency has brought out a collection of essays on Swami Vivekananda. The preface says \"it is not a re-evaluation of Swami Vivekananda's life and works. Marxist pundits have written about him from time to time. The purpose is to showcase their writings on this occasion.\" The anthology contains articles by Bhupendra Nath Dutt, EMS Namboodiripad, Benoy Ghosh and others.Some CPM seniors, such as Abdur Rezzak Mollah and Shyamali Gupta, would like to see more into it that Mukherjee's bland comment.\"I have been immensely influenced by Vivekananda's concept of the rising of the downtrodden - shudra jagaran. Whatever his religious leanings, this Hindu saint talked of liberation of the shudras. What's the harm in spreading this message?\" Mollah said.Shyamali Gupta, state secretariat member, is impressed by Vivekananda's writings on the emancipation of women. Of late, many socialist and Marxist writers have copiously used Vivekananda's quotes to demolish the 'Manubadi' arguments put forward by the RSS.Like Communists all over the world, the CPM has come to terms with certain developments that can't be explained by straitjacket class concepts only. The CPM noted the emergence of identity politics as well as caste politics that the party could not address despite the emphasis on social reforms in the CPM's Party Congress documents since 2005. Party leaders are still groping for the way ahead, are now taking a re-look at the \"liberating content\" of Swami Vivekananda, the way he set up the Ramakrishna Mission without paying heed to caste, creed or colour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879773", "title": "Traders' &amp; passengers' bodies demand more trains", "text": "RANCHI: General manager of South Eastern Railway (SER) A K Verma on Monday inspected Ranchi, Lohardaga, Muri and Kotshila railway stations as part of annual inspection and heard the grievances of the passengers and railway worker associations.The Jharkhand Passengers' Union, Chhotanagpur Passengers' Association and Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJdemanded an increase in frequency of trains from Ranchi junction, availability of new trains, making new stoppages and demand of pantry cars in some long-distance trains.The main trains, for which the proposal of increasing the frequency was made are Ranchi-New Delhi Garib Rath, Alipurdwar-Ranchi-Guwahati Express, Ajmersharif- Ranchi, Ranchi-Lokmanya Tilak via Jabalpur, Hatia-Pune Express and Hyderabad-Darbhanga Express. The new trains demanded were from Ranchi-Ahmedabad via Surat and Ranchi-Indore via Bhopal. FJCCI president Sajjan Saraf said, \"A large number of students, traders and people go to other states in search of employment. Increase in frequency of trains and introduction of new trains will help these people and contribute to the economic growth of the state.\"The main focus of Jharakhand Passengers' Union was the comfort and facilities of the passengers at Ranchi junction. tnnChairperson of the union, Prem Mittal, said, \"The condition of Ranchi junction is poor. There is shortage of sheds, toilets and coolies. Also clean drinking water and public food is not provided at the station. We have given our demand list to the GM and hope our grievances will be soon redressed.\"Some other demands of these associations were to provide escalator for Ranchi railway station-bridge and luggage trolleys in Ranchi and Hatia railway stations. The extension of Ranchi-Lohardaga-Tori line was another demand of the associations. Verma said, \"Work is in progress. The target is of one year, but we are planning to advance it by four months. So work will be completed most probably within the next eight months.\"The members of South Eastern Railway (SER) Men's Congress also approached the GM with their grievances and demands. Their main demand was referral of railway workers to Raj Hospital for better health facilities, for which the contract is pending for years and provision of ambulance by SBF.Another demand was recruitment of the children of retired railway workers at different posts in railways.During his visit, Verma also released the first edition of the quarterly Ranchi railway magazine named 'Ranchi Rail Darpan'. He also praised Ranchi railway station as one of the most beautiful stations of SER. \"There were some shortcomings during my last visit one and a half months ago, but now it has been solved,\" said the GM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11879035", "title": "'Cong, NCP have crossed height of corruption'", "text": "AMRAVATI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) state president Sudhir Mungantiwar blamed Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for the worse financial condition of Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) saying \"both the parties have crossed the height of corruption\".Mungantiwar was in city on Sunday to address a campaign meeting of BJP-Sena-RPI (A) alliance candidates contesting the February 16 AMC elections.Later addressing a press conference Mungantiwar said, \"The Akola Municipal Corporation where Congress is ruling and Agriculture Production Marketing Committee (APMC) Amravati which was ruled by the Congress were dissolved by the Chief Minister. Shikhar Bank led by deputy chief minister is also being ruled by an administrator. So, when it comes to corruption both NCP and Congress are two sides of the same coin,\" said Mungantiwar.\"Due to apathetic attitude of the ruling party many schemes have been hampered. Employees do not get salary on time which forced them to stage bhikh mango agitation. To change the situation it is important that people should vote for BJP-Sena-RPI candidates from their respective prabhags,\" he said.Commenting about the Rs 1 crore cash seizure, Mungantiwar said that he would file a complaint with state election commission and seek information from which bank the cash was withdrawn and which industrialist has given it in the form of party fund.The joint manifesto of BJP-Sena-RPI alliance was released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881180", "title": "Retirees dominate CESU top ranks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Retirees in the age group of 60 to 80 years dominate the top ranks of government-owned power distribution company Central Electricity Supply Utility of Orissa (CESU). CESU has currently employed over 400 retired personnel, including a dozen in senior positions.Company's chairman and chief operating officer (CEO) Bijoy Chandra Jena, however, defends appointment of retired people with expertise. \"These are need-based appointments made on short term. Appointing regular staff would have bigger financial implications for CESU. A person possessing the required skill is appointed only when his or her service is needed,\" Jena said.Jena who himself is around 70-years-old, has retired as chief managing director of the Grid Corporation of Orissa ( GRIDCO) and was formerly a member of the Orissa Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC). \"While family-owned private companies are paving way for younger chief executives, it is surprising that a 70-year-old heads a government company,\" said a CESU officer.Jena, who is heading CESU for past two years, is also managing committee member of a Bhubaneswar-based institute offering training in power sector called OMS Power Training and Research Institute, the institute website claims.Nityanand Pattnaik, who would be around 80 years of age, serves CESU as member of its selection board and as inquiry officer. Pattnaik, a retired chief engineer, was serving as officer on special duty (OSD)-cum-adviser to the CESU CEO till recently.B K Lenka was appointed CESU chief operating officer-cum-chief commercial officer after his retirement from the same company. Current chief project implementing officer of the company, Dilip K Choudhury, has retired from Orissa Power Transmission Corporation (OPTCL).CESU chief vigilance officer Sarat Chandra Chyau Patnaik, assistant vigilance officers Rama Prasad Mohanty and Bauri Bandhu Kar, who are in their 60s, were appointed in the company after they retired from Odisha police. Two assistant managers (electrical) R K Das and M S Patra have been working for CESU after their retirement. Mohan Kumar Mishra (retired from OPTCL), K B Swain (retired from Paradeep Phosphate) are working as consultants for CESU.\"Officers are appointed when we need their service in the interest of the company and in consumers' interest. But majority of the workforce are young professionals,\" the chairman and CEO said. CESU serves around 12 lakh customers in the Bhubaneswar region with its 9000 staff. Other distribution companies serving in other areas of the state, including Wesco, Southco and Nesco, are private entities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "portland", "code": "11884533", "title": "Why Apple iOS and not Android is developers' favourite", "text": "PORTLAND: Google Inc has turned Android into the most popular operating system for smartphones. And yet the platform may be losing ground to Apple Inc's iOS in a major area: new applications.Relative to Apple, fewer apps were created for Android in January than a year earlier, according to Flurry, a company that analyzes mobile-software data. Developers made roughly one new Android app for every three Apple apps, Flurry found. A year ago, they created two Android app for every three Apple apps.While the study only tracked developers who design apps using Flurry's tools, the shift suggests that Google's bid to overtake Apple's industry-leading App Store may be losing some steam. Apple has more than 550,000 apps in its store, compared with over 400,000 for Google's Android Market. Both companies count on the array of apps to make their phones more enticing and lock in consumers who are already using the devices.\"We saw a greater migration to iOS,\" said Peter Farago, vice president of marketing at San Francisco-based Flurry.Google has made quick gains on Apple since the first Android phones went on sale in 2008. In 2011, though, the growth in new apps for Android was about half the level of Apple, according to the firm, which tracks more than 55,000 developers. The study measured more than 65,000 new software projects over the course of the year.Less interested?Other research firms are seeing a similar slowdown in Android. A survey of about 2,000 developers conducted by Appcelerator and IDC found that fewer programmers were \"very interested\" in developing for Android phones and tablets in November than in June, while their interest in iOS devices remained unchanged.Christopher Katsaros, a spokesman at Google in Mountain View, California, declined to comment. Christine Monaghan at Cupertino, California-based Apple didn't return a request for comment.The reasons for the smaller interest in Android involve time and money. Apple apps can be quicker to develop and it's easier to generate revenue from them, thanks in part to Apple's iTunes system. \"Developers can make more money on iOS,\" Farago said.Take GameHouse, a maker of games such as \"Doodle Jump\" and \"NCIS the Game.\" It makes three to four times more revenue on an iOS title than on an Android game, said Ken Murphy, a vice president at the company, which is part of RealNetworks Inc. GameHouse also has to spend an extra two months working on an Android game versus an iOS title. That lengthens the time it takes to get it to market by about 30 percent, he said.\"It's nowhere near as simple as iOS,\" Murphy said.'Tough spot'The sheer variety of Android devices is one complication. GameHouse has to tweak its games to account for variations in accelerometers and responsiveness in more than 550 different Android gadgets, Murphy said. Apple, by contrast, has just a few models.Bill O'Donnell, general manager of mobile products at the travel site Kayak.com, says his company isn't able to test its software on every variety of Android phone. There are just too many of them.\"It puts developers in a tough spot,\" he said.Sometimes individual models require many extra changes. With Amazon.com Inc's Kindle Fire tablet, two Kayak engineers had to spend a month and a half changing all of the company's apps to work with Bing Maps rather than Google Maps , O'Donnell said. Despite being an Android device, Kindle Fire didn't come with Google apps preloaded. \"That was a huge pain,\" he said.App storesDistributing Android software to multiple application stores takes more work as well, whereas developers only have to submit iOS programs to Apple's site.\"For Android, there are 90 app stores,\" said Alex Caccia, president of Marmalade, whose software lets developers adapt apps to different devices. \"And if you are serious about this market, you've got to do it.\"It's also not as easy to charge Android users for apps as it is on Apple (AAPL) devices. With iPhones and iPads , owners' credit- card accounts are already stored on iTunes, which makes app purchases simple. Android doesn't have the same mechanism for all its users, Farago said. \"Consumers are more trained to get free things on Android,\" he said.Long-term opportunityWhile Android developers can make money off sales of in- game merchandise, such as virtual weapons and other digital items, many are still working out how to do that, Caccia said.Even so, the slowdown in app development hasn't stopped the spread of Android devices. In the fourth quarter, Android was running on 47.3 per cent of US smartphones, up from 44.8 per cent in the previous three months, according to research firm ComScore Inc. And while Google's Android Market has fewer apps than Apple's store, the number of programs has almost tripled from a year ago.Developers still see Android as a valuable source of revenue in the longer term, as Google irons out the wrinkles. GameHouse is planning to hire more staff to work on the software.\"In the short term, there's a lot of money in iOS,\" Murphy said. \"In the long term, we are very bullish on Android.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882776", "title": "Youth paid with life for bid to molest", "text": "BANGALORE: The curious case of the murder of an autorickshaw driver, whose body was found stuffed in three gunny bags near Chamarajpet, has been cracked. Three persons have been arrested. Narayanaswamy was allegedly killed by a neighbour seeking to take revenge on the driver who misbehaved with his wife.The neighbour, plumber Venugopal alias Venu, 30, was assisted by his friend Harish alias Harikrishna alias Hari alias Sonabi, 24, and brother-in-law Pratap, 19.The body of Narayanaswamy alias Shambu, 23, was found on February 5 stuffed in three gunny bags on II Main off Byrappa Block in Tyagarajanagar. During investigation it was found that Shambu was seen going to meet one Venu. On intense grilling, Venu broke down and admitted to have bore a grudge against Shambhu, who had tried to molest his wife.When the autorickshaw driver visited his house recently, Venu, Harish and Pratap, attacked him. While Harish and Pratap held him, Venu slit Shambhu's throat, stuffed his body in gunny bags and dumped it in Byrappa Block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "meja (allahabad)", "code": "11880841", "title": "Nostalgia but no winning votes for Cong in Nehru\u2019s hometown", "text": "MEJA (ALLAHABAD): \"Nostalgia is good, till I go to vote,\" says a villager in Pandeypur village in Meja constituency of Allahabad.He doesn't want to be named but he is assertive, \"Congress's fortunes are on the up, but not because of the Nehru family's legacy in Uttar Pradesh.\" A Pandit himself, now retired from government service, he fondly remembers the days when Congress ruled the state.\"Then the parties brought in mandal and kamandal. It broke society into fractions and Congress lost, it just frittered away,\" he talks of the past sitting next to his fertile fields that abut the Ganga. \"Will I vote for it on February 15? I can say its at least worth thinking of this time around,\" he adds.Of course, being from the dominant community in his region, he is unhappy with the changing dynamics where the landowning Thakurs and Brahmins have slowly lost real political and financial muscle over the last decade.His son, who openly advocates the case of first-time nominee of Congress in Meja Baba Tiwari, is more candid. \"We all know that before Bahujan Samaj Party took control of politics, the Scheduled Castes could not even vote in constituencies like Meja and Karchana. They would be threatened and beaten away. Naturally they are diehard followers of the elephant,\" he says.\"But the most backward communities are tired of finding their space with Samajwadi Party and BSP. Riding on the disaffection among these and the Pandits, Congress will win more seats for sure. But not as many. Its surely on its way back,\" he says. \"In entire UP,\" he clarifies.The refrain is the same across all 12 constituencies of Allahabad, \"Congress is going to gain. Not enough in this 'panch varshiya' but it's on the upswing. Is baar banvayegi to agli baar banegi. Lage rehna chahiye (this time it shall help someone make the government, next time it could be in power, it should keep at it with the efforts).\"\"It takes time to rebuild an organization that has become defunct. Congress can attract votes from across the spectrum. This time Rahul Gandhi has at least put some effort into the game,\" says another voter in Phulpur, hometown to Nehru. \"My grandfather took me to see Indira Gandhi. But, of course, I am not going to vote for that. Let them have someone in my constituency who can get my work done or even attend the weddings of our children, then we shall talk,\" he adds.But a local Samajwadi Party poll manager in Karchana sums it up best, \"People have patience to wait for Congress to return, I must admit. The real question is does Congress have the patience to rebuild its way back in UP. It won't help remembering Nehru and Indira, they have to spend more time counting the potholes on village roads. They need to know those roads.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880374", "title": "Doctors may get brand name bar", "text": "KOLKATA: Brand names of drugs could soon disappear from prescriptions issued in government hospitals. The health department is about to issue an order making it mandatory for doctors to mention the generic name of medicines instead of their brands while writing prescriptions.This is being done to prevent pharmaceutical companies from pushing their products in government hospitals, which are supposed to provide medicines free of charge to patients. The decision will be conveyed to the superintendents of government hospitals on February 24.The move was planned about a year ago and could be implemented by the end of this month. Though millions of patients are set to benefit from the decision, doctors are sceptical. Prescribing generic drugs could pave the way for inferior products, which are cheaper but ineffective, they point out.The health department is now preparing a list of generic drugs for which brand names can no longer be used.Antibiotics and life-saving drugs top the list. Brand names, however, can be used in exceptional circumstances, health officials said. \"A doctor can mention a brand name only if he believes the particular brand to be more effective and essential in that particular case. The doctor must write a justification certificate, explaining why he has mentioned the brand,\" said Tridib Banerjee, chairman of the task force for infant mortality.Each hospital will have a designated drug store from where medicines can be bought in case it is not available at the hospital medical store. Prescribing generic drugs will not only thwart pharmaceutical firms from hard selling their products, often through unfair means, but also ensure that doctors prescribe medicines that are available at the hospital store, Banerjee said.\"There is a tendency to prescribe drugs which have to be purchased from the market. This is not what they are supposed to do. Doctors should be prescribing medicines which are available at the store, to the extent possible,\" said Banerjee. He added that the list of generic drugs would be ready in a few days. It will include all groups of medicines that are generally recommended for a wide range of medical conditions.A section of doctors says the plan is welcome but it will work only in an ideal situation. Unless the government ensures that all brands in the market conform to a basic standard, treatment will suffer, they argued. \"There are dozens of brands for, say, paracetamol. Now, patients will have to accept what the drug store gives them and you can't rule out the possibility of inferior brands being pushed. Since doctors are accountable to patients, we shall be held responsible for failing to cure them. So, the government should introduce a quality control and assessment system, which will make sure that only good quality drugs are available in the market,\" said Subir Ganguly, senior oncologist at NRS Medical College Hospital.Rezaul Karim, of Sagar Datta Medical College Hospital, agrees. \"There are loads of inferior and spurious stuff available in the market. These firms will now be encouraged to pay a higher commission to drug stores and push their products. The move will do more harm than good unless you have quality control,\" said Karim.Penal action will be taken against doctors in case they are found violating the rule, the health department made it clear. \"We shall have a cell that will address complaints,\" said Banerjee.Cardiac surgeon Kunal Sarkar feels generic prescriptions will lead to confusion and errors in drug delivery.\"Before implementing the decision, the health department has to make sure that their designated pharmacies and stores have adequate supply of the listed drugs, which is often not the case. Secondly, we don't have a uniform drug manufacturing standard which means quality is not guaranteed. In the absence of brands, spurious and unscrupulous manufacturers might try to take advantage. Finally, few of our pharmacies have trained chemists who will now have to identify drugs by their generic names rather than brand names which is infinitely more difficult.I would request the authorities to think twice before introducing the system,\" said Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "11878989", "title": "Man hacks wife to death, lynched by mob", "text": "AIZAWL: In yet another case of domestic violence in the state, a 30-year-old man murdered his wife with a machete on Sunday and was later lynched by an irate mob in Tlungvel village, about 60 km south of Aizawl.The man, Kapmawia, hacked his 24-year-old wife Vanlalthuami on Sunday afternoon while most villagers were attending Sunday mass in the church.Eyewitnesses said Kapmawia and Vanlalthuami were at the latter's father's house. They heard raised voices as the couple were having a heated quarrel after which Vanlalthuami was seen running out of the house, chased by her husband. Kapmawia pursued his wife and hacked her to death in front of his father-in-law's residence, the eyewitnesses said.On hearing the commotion, people came out from neighbouring houses and saw Kapmawia butchering Vanlalthuami, but they didn't dare help her as he was armed with a machete and could've turned on anyone.However, after more people gathered, the murderer was caught and beaten to death by an angry mob.Police officials from Bawngkawn PS in Aizawl rushed to Tlungvel village and conducted an investigation till late last night; autopsy on the two bodies will be performed on Monday.The primary investigation revealed that Vanlalthuami died of multiple injuries inflicted with a sharp weapon, especially on her head and neck. Police said while the motive of the murder was yet to be ascertained, jealousy on the part of the husband could not be ruled out.Kapmawia and Vanlalthuami eloped in December last year and were living together since then in Aizawl without a formal wedding. Vanlalthuami's father, Lalrama, asked the couple to come to Tlungvel village and formalize the union.Kapmawia, who works as a manual labourer in south Mizoram's Lawngtlai, returned to Tlungvel village on Thursday. Lalrama was quoted as saying that he wanted to the two to formalize the union and did not suspect anything was amiss between them while the couple lived at his house since Thursday.Vanlalthuami was reported to have a young son from her first marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880910", "title": "Chennai couples caste away barriers", "text": "CHENNAI: An increase in the number of inter-religious and inter-caste marriages in Tamil Nadu suggests caste barriers could be gradually breaking down, especially in urban centres like Chennai. Officials in the registration department claim that the number of such marriages has been on the rise with figures indicating that at least 10% of couples have opted for inter-religious marriages.While there are no definite figures for inter-caste marriages the numbers could be even higher, they say.Social activists are thrilled. They say a changing urban scenario, progressive mindset among gen-next and social reforms have triggered the change and could well help eradicate the caste system in the state.An IT professional and a dalit, M Kumar married a Thevar girl seven years ago amidst stiff opposition from their parents. \"We faced several problems. But recently, my cousin married a 'upper caste' boy. There were hardly any protests from the families,\" said Kumar.\"Now parents are also changing with the times. More than 10 inter-caste marriages have taken place in my Kavanoor village in Cuddalore district in the last three years.\"Remarked social activist TSS Mani, \"The younger generation is ready to break the caste and religious barriers. Youngsters are now able to convince their parents both in the case of intercaste as well as inter-religious marriages. It is a very positive sign for social reformation. The rural-urban divide is also fading. Urbanization makes this possible. Such marriages will surely reduce caste differences.\"According to the registration department, about 77,000 marriages were registered across the state under the Hindu Marriage Act 1955 during 2010-11. A total of 7,601 marriages were registered under the Special Marriage Act, indicating that 10% of the registered marriages were inter-religious.Around 78,000 marriages were registered under the Tamil Nadu Marriages Act, which was passed in 2009 by the then DMK government to make registration of marriages compulsory. Several inter-caste marriages could be registered under this Act, though there is no separate categorization Former MLA and writer D Ravikumar pointed out that living in cities like Chennai also takes the spotlight off the caste identity of a person.\"Dr B R Ambedkar insisted that inter-caste marriages should be encouraged to break the caste system. We think his wish is becoming a reality with many inter-caste and inter-religious marriages happening across the state especially in urban areas. But conditions in villages have not changed much as dalit discrimination continues,\" he said.Couples registered under the Special Marriages Act should be from different religions. Inter-caste marriages are registered either under the Hindu Marriage Act or under the Tamil Nadu Marriages Act.\"Though we provide a 'caste' column in the registration form, many people are not willing to register their castes. So we are unable to arrive at the exact number of inter-caste marriages. But, certainly the numbers of such marriages are increasing every year,\" a senior official in the registration department told TOI. In the first quarter of 2011-12, data clearly shows the increasing number of inter-religious marriages.\"A total of 2,959 marriages were registered under the Special Marriages Act in the first quarter of this financial year. When compared to the previous year, this number is almost double,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882664", "title": "Gifted their hearts, and kidneys, too", "text": "BANGALORE: The world is high on love today, but if you ask Dr Shama and Dr Prema Rao, advocate N M Raju and Treja, or Paresh and Sonal Mehta, everyday is Valentine's Day! These couples - married for over 25 years - don't need a special day in a year to express their love with a gift. For them, love is almost sacred: not only have they given their hearts, but also gifted a new life to their partners. They have donated a kidney each to their spouses.Prema Rao, 55, a speech pathologist settled in Mysore, still remembers those painful days when she was diagnosed with chronic renal failure. She had two options: either undergo the pain of dialysis thrice a week or get a kidney transplant.\"As a doctor, I wanted her to go for a transplant. I knew that would improve her quality of life. We first tried for donors from our family and friends, but Dr Sudarshan Ballal, medical director of Manipal Hospital and nephrologist, suggested I donate one of my kidneys to her as the test results were positive and I was able to donate. I did not hesitate for a minute because I wanted her to live with me forever,\" said Dr K Shama Rao, who practices industrial medicine in Mysore.Said Prema, who is married to Dr Rao for 28 years: \"I am extremely happy and very fortunate to have him as my husband. I think I was destined to marry him so he could give me a new life. I can't say anything more than this.\"Advocate NM Raju, 45, is as grateful to his wife Treja, who happily agreed to donate a kidney to him. \"I'd cry every day, seeing him in pain. Transplant is always a better option than dialysis and when the doctor said I was fit to donate my kidney, there was no looking back. The transplant happened three months ago, and he is absolutely fit and has started attending court regularly,\" she said.Raju has just this to say: \"We'll be celebrating 25 years of marriage in May and she's gifted me life, what better gift can one get?\"For Sonal Mehta, 52, a resident of Malleswaram, her fervent wish came true after doctors certified her fit to donate a kidney to her husband Paresh, 55. \"I had a problem of kidney stones, so I wasn't very sure if the doctors would allow me to donate. But God listened to my prayers and I could donate. After the transplant, our life was filled with joy again. Today, we take care of each other and are leading a normal life,\" said Sonal, a homemaker.Said Paresh: \"We were a little tense when the kidneys of my siblings did not match mine, and my mother was too old to donate. I am forever thankful to Sonal for giving me a new life.\"DOCTOR'S REPORTA universal study says women are more generous donors than men. In India, 80% women and 20% men donate kidneys to their spouses. Before undergoing transplant procedure where a spouse is donating a kidney, we interview both partners individually. Especially in case of the wife, the interview is necessary to check if she is not doing so under pressure from her in-laws. If that's the case, we give a negative report.Dr H Sudarshan Ballal, senior nephrologist and medical director, Manipal Hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "11881767", "title": "City cops face locals' ire in Delhi over 13/7 notice", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: There was high-voltage drama at Abul Fazl Enclave near Shaheen Bagh on Monday. This time, the sleuths targeted the house of 13/7 blast accused Naqi Ahmed. While the Delhi police claim its residents are informers, their Maharashtra counterparts believe they are IM terrorists. And on Monday, when three personnel of Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) came to serve a summons on Naqi's brother Taqi in Delhi, all hell broke loose. ATS sleuths told Taqi to join the investigations in Mumbai.Although locals claimed the Maharashtra cops were heckled when they came knocking , the Delhi police have denied these claims.Sources said ATS sleuths came to Taqi's home around 11.30 am with a notice seeking his appearance in Mumbai on February 27. Apprehensive that he may be arrested without evidence, Taqi had earlier relieved himself from the notice by posting a medical certificate . That was last month.On Monday, when sleuths asked him to accompany him to Mumbai. Taqi asked them to bring the local police, if they wanted to detain him. Soon ATS men allegedly began assaulting him. Taqi's family immediately made a call to the Delhi police.\"Section 160 CrPC states a notice cannot be served by a police force beyond its own jurisdiction - not beyond a 1,000-km radius. We asked them to call local police and they became aggressive,\" said Hamid Ali, a local resident.The Delhi police claimed the ATS did not inform them before serving a notice on Taqi - again bringing to the fore lack of coordination between the country's intelligence agencies.An ATS official, though, said, \"Taqi refused to accept the notice and took up a fight with the officials. His relatives called the local media and soon the situation worsened.\"Soon, the three ATS men were whisked to the Jamia Nagar police station and shielded from the locals' ire, who allegedly threw stones at them. Additional CP Ajay Chaudhry, though, tried to paper over the cracks and said Taqi's family had accepted the ATS notice.Meanwhile, Taqi's family lodged a complaint accusing the ATS of trespass and assault.Naqi was arrested over involvement in 13/7 bombings, a charge contested by his kin who said he was an informer for Delhi police and intelligence bureau.Accused's brother moves apex courtSeeking transparency and fair probe into the 13/7 serial blasts, Naqi Ahmed's brother Taqi has knocked the doors of the Supreme Court against alleged harassment by the state ATS. Taqi has pleaded that the apex court transfer the probe into the blasts case to CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879368", "title": "Mom killer gets life", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Monday sentenced a 25-year-old man to life imprisonment for killing his mother who had refused to give him Rs 100.A habitual drinker, Vikas Kharat would often fights with his family. On May 5, 2010, Kharat was supposed to go for a job interview and asked his mother for Rs 100, but she refused him. As an altercation started, Kharat picked up a hammer and hit his mother with it. He also attacked her with a knife, eventually killing her. Later, Kharat surrendered himself to the Vikhroli police. station and surrendered himself. His mother was rushed to the hospital but was declared dead on arrival.The prosecution examined 11 witnesses and all supported the case against the accused. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11881202", "title": "67% turnout in Kendrapada, Jajpur", "text": "KENDRAPADA: An estimated 67% of the electorate on Tuesday exercised their franchise in the second phase of rural polls in Kendrapada and Jajpur districts. But the elections were marred by violence in about 14 booths.At Andara village in Pattamundai block agitated villagers damaged a police van after cops used batons to disperse a crowd in which three villagers were injured. In Jajpur's Bandhadiha village, some people snatched away the ballot papers from booth no. 11 hampering the voting process.In ward no. I of Nathubara gram panchayat in Jajpur's Rasulpur block some persons forcefully took away the ballot boxes and papers. In Bandhakata village under Nischintakoili block, some miscreants set fire to ballot papers and ballot boxes at booth nos 2,3, 15,16 and 17. As a result, polling had to be stopped.In Srirampur village, six persons were injured when some Congress and BJD supporters clashed. One Babulal Palar of Barimula gram panchayat in Kendrapada district was arrested on Monday for snatching away the ballot papers from booth nos 4, 7 and 10 in Baramula gram panchayat on Saturday during the first phase of rural polls. He was produced in the SDJM court of Kendrapada. The court rejected his bail application and remanded him in judicial custody, said Pravas Chandra Pal, police officer of Kendrapada Sadar police station. In Mulabasanta village, three persons were injured when Congress and BJD supporters clashed.In another development, Umesh Chandra Singh, the CPM district secretary, faxed letters to the State Election Commissioner and district collector on Monday alleging that Berhampur MP Siddhant Mahapatra and the energy minister violated the poll code of conduct. Singh demanded action against the leaders. The police stopped several feasts organized by candidates at many places on Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884326", "title": "Harshvardhan Rane in Ravi Babu's next film", "text": "T-town actor Harshvardhan Rane, is one happy soul.And why shouldn't he be? The handsome lad not only got signed on for a film being directed by Ravi Babu, (of \"Nuvvila' and 'Geetanjali' fame) but also received wishes from Tollywood bigwigs like producer Suresh Babu and Rama Naidu. An elated Rane said, 'I'm really excited about this film because I'm going to have a different look. It's a thriller flick but that's all I can say about the film as if now. I'm really happy to have gotten this film.The actor's next film with Genelia D'Souza and Rana 'Naa Ishtam' is scheduled for release at the end of March this year, for which he is currently dubbing his own voice. Asking him about working with Rana and Genelia, Harshvardhan said, \"Rana is an extremely nice man. He is a star. He's helped me much more than any co- actor would. Back in Malaysia , while shooting for the film, he let me share his protein shake. He even advised me about my workouts and encouraged me to dub my own lines. I really wish the man gets much more than he can handle because he's an amazing person and deserves it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11881566", "title": "Toddler found dead with \u2018dog bites on his body'", "text": "GURGAON: A two-and-a-half-year-old boy was found dead early on Monday morning in Sector 9 and there were dog bites all over his body. The boy was asleep with his parents in a slum, but early morning they saw he was missing.A passer-by told the parents that he had seen the boy's body being dragged by dogs about 150 metres away from where he was sleeping. A senior police officer said that the boy's lower body parts including his stomach and one leg were missing and it appeared that they were eaten up by animals.The postmortem was done on Monday evening but the postmortem report will be handed over to the police by Tuesday. Cops identified the father of the dead toddler as Rampraksh, native of Jalon, Madhya Pradesh, who was working as brick layer in Sector 9.He had come here with his family around three months ago and lived in a jhuggi on the road near the HUDA Park. On Sunday night Ramprakash was back from work and had drunk alcohol before retiring for the night with his wife Meeta and two sons, a four-year-old and two-and-a-half-year-old Sanju.\"They had gone to bed around 9pm. Around midnight Sanju had woken up and Meeta gave him milk after which he had doqed off again. But around 5am he was missing,\" said the mother of the deceased boy. After getting the information, Dr Abhey Singh Rao, DCP (West), had reached the spot. The parents told the DCP that they had no clue as to how their son had gone missing in his sleep. \"We are awaiting the postmortem report, which is expected tomorrow. We are investigating the case from all angles. The postmortem report alone can confirm that the body parts were eaten by dogs. Now we have recorded the passer-by's statement,\" said the DCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881572", "title": "Andekar detained, released by court", "text": "PUNE: The Samarth police on Monday detained Nationalist Congress party candidate Udaykant Andekar and four others in the run-up to the civic elections. However, the court turned down the plea of the police and released all of them without any conditions.On Monday, the police detained Andekar, his brother Bandu alias Suryakant Andekar, Ganesh Komkar, Aalim Shaikh and Rahul Khetre and produced them before the court.The police in their plea said that all the detained persons are criminals on police record and likely to commit offences during the election period. The police also requested the court to detain all of them under section 151 (3) of the Criminal Procedure Code till the election got over.Andekar's lawyer Bilal Shaikh told the court that his client was contesting the civic body elections and a false case had been filed against him to disrupt his preparations.While turning down the police's plea, the court said there is nothing on record to show that the suspects have deliberately committed any offence during the election period and there was no need to detain them.Candidates booked for violating code of conductPune: The Bharati Vidyapeeth police on Sunday booked two candidates of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) for using loud speakers beyond the stipulated deadline of 10 pm during their election campaign rally on Katraj-Kondhwa Road.Police said that on Sunday, MNS candidates Vasant More and Rupali Naikwade had organised a rally at an open space on Katraj-Kondhwa road.As per the guidelines, campaign rallies should end by 10 pm. \"But the loud speakers were used in the rally till 10.20 pm,\" said sub-inspector N L Ghorpade said. He said the candidates were booked for violating the code of conduct.In another incident, the Bharati Vidyapeeth police booked two candidates of the Congress party for using more than three vehicles during a rally. Around 1 pm on Sunday, the candidates had organised a rally from Katraj to Santoshnagar. Congress candidates Abhijit Kadam and Sujata Bhintade were booked for violating the code of conduct, said assistant police inspector S S Kale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883836", "title": "Shibani Kashyap and Taz sing Valentine song", "text": "Taz (Stereo Nation) and Shibani Kashyap are coming up with an album this summer and their first song is a love song especially dedicated to the Valentine's Day tomorrow. The song 'Be My Valentine' was released online worldwide last week.Taz, known for his hot peppy numbers since the last 22 years he has been into music, says, \"I have written and composed this song. Shibani and I have sung this extremely romantic number and we are launching it at a huge show in Delhi tomorrow.\"Shibani and Taz go back a long way. Shibani says, \"Taz was the first artist I ever met in 2000 and we had done an English track 'Everything but the girl'. Now, I am really looking forward to this romantic number for this Valentine's day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi/mirzapur", "code": "11880369", "title": "SP stands to gain but BSP is no pushover", "text": "VARANASI/MIRZAPUR: Despite having given the maximum number of tickets to both Brahmins and Muslims to breathe new life into its social engineering in 2007 that had catapulted BSP to power in Uttar Pradesh, Mayawati seemed to be on a sticky wicket as campaigning ended for 56 seats in Poorvanchal on Monday.BSP had won 31 of these 56 seats (53 before delimitation) last time, but is now struggling to keep its head above water since Muslims are looking favourably at Mulayam Singh Yadav's SP and Brahmin votes are scattered all over the place.In UP's caste cauldron, where 2G and CWG scams and even inflation find mention only as postscripts, Mayawati's head-start over others, thanks to her core vote base of 22% dalits, has ensured that she is still in the fight unlike Congress, despite the spirited campaign by Rahul Gandhi. andBJP, too, thathas been reduced to a mere sidelight.Led by the young Akhilesh Yadav, whose greatest contribution to the party has been to dispel the notion that SP is a party of Yadav goons, the SP has maximum pluses to show in its kitty (apart from the 10% Yadav vote-bank) and seems set to revive its lethal Muslim-Yadav support base and emerge as the single-largest party on March 6.\"Congress will definitely win some Muslim votes mainly because of the announcement of 4.5% sub- quota, which is more realistic than Mulayam's promised 18%. But, overall, it is SP which is going to garner the maximum votes from them,'' says Yaqub Yawar, who heads the Urdu department at Benares Hindu University (BHU). He adds that between SP and BSP, Muslims have always voted for the contender because the ruling party has failed to keep its promises made to the community.According to Yawar, many Muslims have still not forgotten how Mulayam allowed Kalyan Singh to cozy up to him but they will still vote for him because he always seemed the best option once disillusionment with Mayawati started to set in. With Mayawati's upper caste voters feeling let down by her and getting scattered between BJP and Congress, the consolidation of the Muslim vote for SP is going to hurt the BSP chief.BJP, which was quick to oppose 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims within the overall27% reservation for OBCs reservation pieto make inroads into OBC votes, seems unlikely to gain from its rigid stand. Its stalwart Kurmi leader Om Prakash Singh is locked in a fiercefour-way contest to save his Chunar seat in nearby Mirzapur. Many among the Kurmis - the dominant OBC caste in Poorvanchal - seem inclined towards Akhilesh whose appeal among OBCsseems to extend beyond Yadavs. The Kurmis have not generally voted for SP but Akhilesh is like a breath of fresh air when one thinks about the goonda raj of SP when it was in power,'' says Kamal Patel, a Kurmi transporter based in Sewapuri where his fellow caste members are voting for the local SP candidate. Kurmis have in the past voted for BJP.While BJP leader Sushma Swaraj has repeatedly described Mayawati's winning 2007 slogan sarvjan hitay (service to all) as swajan hitay (service only to self), BJP president Nitin Gadkari described the situation in the state as ghode (horse) ko mil nahi rahi ghas, gadha khaye chavanprash''. The problem for the party is that is clearly not looking like a ghoda in this race.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880162", "title": "1 dead in hit and run case", "text": "A motorcycle driver Kacheshwar Palve, driver was reportedly killed in a hit-and-run incident at Sinnar Phata, n the Palse area of Nashik Roadrecently. Accidents continue to occur on the Sinnar Phata, in Palse area of Nashik Road. One more vehicle driver fell victim to the hit and run case recently.According to reports, Kacheshwar Palve and his son Vijay Palve were on their motorbike near the said spot when they were hit by an unknown vehicle from the rear. While Kacheswar Palve died, in the accident, Vijay his son has received serious injuries.tnnThe vehicle driver fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881362", "title": "When big players fell to politicking", "text": "PANAJI: Vijay Poi Khot and Vijai Sardesai are among the big names who lost out on Congress tickets for the March polls at the last minute, but this proved to be a bigger surprise because both had the backing of chief minister Digambar Kamat.Sources said that Sardesai knew that some Congress leaders were gunning for him, but thought that his work for the party in the last four years, not only in the constituency but also in crisis management when the Kamat-government was in danger, would hold in good stead for the party's ticket.But the \"power\" of his detractors in the party both, in Goa and in Delhi, got the better of Sardesai, sources said, adding that some of them thought he would grow too fast and too powerful in the party if elected from Fatorda. Sardesai is contesting as an independent in Fatorda.Khot lost the race to Isidore Fernandes in Canacona, but in the process the chief minister who was backing the former BJP MLA, too failed in his mission.Sources said the high command went by their own reports which said that Fernandes would do better than Khot against the BJP. They said the Congress didn't want to send the wrong signal to local workers that \"imports\" were more powerful. \"Strong candidate\" Dayanand Pagi and former minister Sanjay Bandekar too lost the race to Fernandes for the ticket. Pagi is now contesting as an independent from Canacona.Refuting that the party had adopted double standards, a Congress leader pointed out that former BJP MLAs Rajesh Patnekar and Dayanand Sopte were given Congress tickets as they had joined the party 3-4 months ago and not at the last moment like Khot.In Mormugao, the Congress preferred Sankalp Amonkar to Saifullah Khan due to Amonkar's proximity to Rahul Gandhi, sources said.Monserrate-Rane factorThe sidetracking of top contenders, incidentally, cut across all parties but was most visible in the ruling coalition: Congress-NCP. Industrialist Sameer Salgaocar was a top contender in Mandrem for the Congress ticket, but lost to Sopte who had the backing of health minister Vishwajit Rane. Salgaocar is contesting as an independent in Mandrem.Pravin Zantye, formerly of the Congress, who lost the last elections by a mere 500 votes to the BJP, was left high and dry a week before the filing of nominations began. Rane junior suddenly went against him supporting Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate's candidate Rudresh Chodankar for the Mayem seat instead, sources said. Zantye is contesting as an independent from Mayem.He was, incidentally, the fourth member of the politically-powerful Saraswat community to be denied a ticket by the Congress. The others representing the community were Salgaocar, Sardesai and Khot.Analysts say that sitting MLA Victoria 'Mummy' Fernandes was the main victim of the politics of Monserrate and Rane. She was denied the ticket to make way for Monserrate in St Cruz and for his wife Jennifer in Taleigao. She is the only sitting MLA of the Congress who has not been retained for re-election. Her son Rudolf will take on Atanasio as an independent in St Cruz.Alliance gameAs for NCP, its state president Surendra Sirsat and Armindo Braganza were also edged out with the ticket going to a person who was not even in the party-Ashish Shirodkar, chairperson of the Mapusa municipality.Trajano D'Mello (now an independent) in Saligao, Sangeeta Parab in Mandrem, Venkatesh Moni Prabhu in Porvorim and Ramakant Borkar (now with UGDP) in Cortalim were also sidetracked by the NCP leadership.Saffron huesOn the other hand, the BJP was embroiled in a controversy as well after the party showed reluctance for four months to give the Porvorim ticket to its North Goa MP, Shripad Naik. When a virtual caste war threatened to break out in the party, the central leadership agreed to give the ticket to Naik, but Naik rejected it saying it came too late.Sitting MLA Vasudev Meng Gaonkar from Sanguem was also denied the ticket as he didn't fulfill the winnability factor of the saffron party. Similarly, in Tivim, former MLA Shet Tanavade lost out for the same reason. Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira was edged out in favour of Michael Lobo. Former minister Suresh Amonkar, who said he was promised the ticket, was rejected at the last minute for the Sanquelim ticket. Young Vithu Morajkar was dumped in favour of Rajendra Arlekar in Pernem. And because of its alliance with the MGP, BJP's former minister and tribal leader Prakash Velip (now contesting as independent from Quepem) was edged out of the race.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879584", "title": "Further detention of Koneru unfair: Jethmalani", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior counsel Ram Jethmalani on Monday questioned the CBI's decision to make Koneru Madhu, son of Koneru Rajendra Prasad, an accused in the Emaar scam case.Jethmalani said: \"Let us suppose that the father (Koneru Rajendra Prasad) has made some money in a wrongful way and sent a part of this to his son Madhu who is living in Dubai , how can the latter be held responsible? Mere receiving money from father is no crime. Moreover, Madhu has answered all the questions sent by CBI. The probe agency has sent several questionnaires to Madhu and he has answered all of them. It is not correct to say that he has not cooperated with CBI. Now, CBI is trying to somehow catch him and make him say against his father. It is unfair\", Ram Jethmalani said.\"Tummala Ranga Rao of Stylish Homes, another accused in the case, who confessed to having received tainted money, is now out on bail, while my client Koneru Prasad continues to be in jail,\" the senior counsel said.\"Prior to that, it interrogated him for two months. Further detention is not justified. It is against the provisions of Articles 21 and 22 of the Constitution,\" Jethmalani said. The senior counsel urged the court to grant bail to Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880449", "title": "Yamuna veggies toxic: Study", "text": "New Delhi: The next time you stop along the Yamuna to buy those fresh leafy vegetables, think twice. A study carried out by The Energy Research Institute (TERI) has found that the continuous dumping of untreated industrial effluent and sewage into the river has contaminated the riverbed soil, and several vegetables, specifically the green leafy ones, contain high levels of toxic metals.The report, titled 'Living in a cleaner environment in India: A strategic analysis and assessment', says that levels of nickel, manganese and lead in Yamuna's water were found to be higher than the international aquatic water quality criteria for fresh water. Meena Sehgal, a consultant with TERI who worked extensively on the report, says that their focus was on heavy metals found in the environment and through what means they enter the human body. \"Our findings made it clear that it is essentially green leafy vegetables that contain the highest amount of metals. This is because such vegetables have a high tendency to accumulate metals. Levels were significantly lower in other vegetables and practically negligible in drinking water samples,\" she said.The study took 13 samples at a 2km distance along the 22km stretch of Yamuna that flows through Delhi. Samples were also collected from Dayalpur and Chandawali villages in Ballabhgarh district of Haryana, about 25km away from Delhi, to compare with those collected from the urban sector. \"Levels of nickel, manganese, lead and mercury were above the permissible international standards in agricultural soil along the river. While moderately high levels of contamination were recorded in urban areas, the rural areas showed negligible levels. High levels of these pollutants in the floodplains can be associated with treated and untreated effluents or with sewage flowing into the river,\" says the report.The study identified Wazirabad and Okhla barrage as the hotspots for soil contamination. This, says the team, is possibly due to the discharge of huge amounts of industrial effluents at the two locations from the Najafgarh and Shahdara drains.\"Vegetables grown in the floodplain of the Yamuna area show higher levels of heavy metal contamination than those cultivated in rural areas, thus, acting as the point of entry for toxic metals into human food chain. Bio-monitoring of women and children in the study area showed significantly higher levels of heavy metals in urine and blood samples taken in urban areas compared to rural areas,\" said Sehgal.The report says that soil samples exceed the limit for nickel and copper at most sites, and less often for zinc, manganese and lead. The quantity of lead varied from below-detection levels to 114.6 mg/kg, with some locations recording a prevalence more than 40 times the lowest level along the 22km stretch. The hexavalent chromium levels in soil samples at different locations ranged from 4.52 mg/kg to 35.29 mg/kg. Levels of more than 25 mg/kg have been found to be have adverse effects on health. Soil concentrations of mercury largely ranged between 0.43 mg/kg and 82.06 mg/kg. These levels were much higher than the 1 mg/kg stipulation at all the locations.Lead has been known to impair motor skills and result in hypertension. Cadmium leads to renal damage, osteomalacia and loss in sense of smell. International Agency for Research on Cancer has classified cadmium as a human carcinogen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "11881689", "title": "Kidnapped PGCIL junior engr killed", "text": "Sasaram: The police have cracked the case of kidnapping and subsequent murder of a junior engineer (JE) of PowerGrid Corporation of India Ltd (PGCIL) posted at Pushauli grid under the Mohania police station in Kaimur district on Monday.The body of the JE, identified as Vikarma Thakur, was recovered on February 12 from a canal near Mahuari village under the Nuawan police station in Kaimur district. Police arrested Sriram Paswan, brother-in-law of Thakur's driver. Thakur was kidnapped on February 5 while on his way to join duty at Pushauli grid from his native village in Gopalganj district in his private vehicle. Police also recovered Rs 51,000 in cash which was withdrawn from Thakur's account by the accused through ATM.Rohtas SP Manu Maharaj said on February 6, police had seized an abandoned car near Kochas under the same police station in Rohtas district. Police also recovered a bank slip from the vehicle. After an inquiry, it came to light that Rs 1.2 lakh was drawn from Thakur's account through ATM. Police had kept the mobile phone of the driver, Jeetendra alias Chhotu Paswan, under observation and later arrested his brother-in-law, Sriram. Based on information provided by Sriram, police recovered Thakur's body from a canal.The SP said investigation revealed that Jeetendra had kidnapped Thakur when he was on way to Kaimur from Bhore in Gopalganj district. Raids are on to arrest the absconding Jeetendra. The body of the junior engineer's body was handed over to his family by police after post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "11881162", "title": "BJD candidate attacked by own party men", "text": "BALANGIR: A Zilla Parishad (ZP) candidate of BJD of Zone-7 was severely injured in an attack by another group of BJD in Titlagarh during the second phase of panchayat polls on Monday.The injured candidate Bhakta Majhi was shifted to Balangir headquarter hospital with head injuries after a group of 11 dissident BJD workers allegedly attacked him with lathis and stones.Police arrested two persons in this connection after Majhi lodged an FIR. \"We have registered an FIR and arrested two persons,\" said Titlagarh IIC, C B Kahar.Majhi, who is a supporter of Balangir MP Kalikesh Singhdeo, was reportedly not pulling on well with ex-MLA Jogendra Behera and another BJD leader Subhransu Das. Police said there are two factions of BJD in Titlagarh with one supporting the MP. The IIC said attackers of Majhi were men of Subhransu Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "dry days", "code": "11880333", "title": "Liquor shops will remain closed a day before polling", "text": "Dry Days: February 15, 16 &amp; 17Liquor shops will remain closed a day before polling, the day of voting and counting; Bars, pubs, hotels , gymkhanas and discotheques will not serve alcohol on these daysEducational Institutions: ClosedMost state-board schools and colleges in the state will be converted into polling booths and will remain closed. However, IB, ICSE &amp; CBSE board institutions may announce their decision only a day before the pollsGovernment Offices: ClosedThe state government is likely to declare polling day a public holiday under the Negotiable Instruments Act, which means all state government offices, banks and other establishments under the state purview will be closed. Most state government employees will be on election dutyPrivate Offices: OpenThe state industry department may be asked to issue a circular asking all private establishments in the state to give employees a certain amount of time on polling day so that they can voteEmergency Services: OpenMedicine shops, hospitals, milk supply, petrol pumps and other emergency services will function normally on polling and counting days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880329", "title": "Orphanage to run under govt lens", "text": "New Delhi: To protect the interests of children at Arya Orphanage, the Delhi government has decided to appoint an administrator to supervise the functioning of the institution. The orphanage is not registered under the Juvenile Justice Act.The appointment of PP Dhal, a joint director in the department of women and child welfare, as the administrator is awaiting lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna's approval. Delhi's women and child development minister Kiran Walia has also directed her department that the employees of the orphanage allegedly involved in the abuse of children must be identified and FIRs be lodged against them without delay.The Child Welfare Committee had submitted a report to the department of women and child welfare after visiting the orphanage on January 28 and 31. The report said the death of the 11-year-old girl on December 24 last year was not the first such case here. A similar incident was reported in August 2009.The CWC report recommended that since the orphanage is unregistered and continues to be so despite earlier recommendations, the responsibility for the gruesome cases of assault and abuse be fixed on the in charge of the home. \"It is the responsibility of the head of the institution to ensure that children are not subjected to any harm, abuse, neglect or maltreatment,\" the report said. The CWC report stressed the urgent need to register the Arya Kanya Sadan and Arya Bal Grih under section 34(3) of the Juvenile Justice Act.A meeting was convened on Monday at the Delhi Secretariat to discuss the matter. Acting on the recommendations of the CWC, Kiran Walia decided to appoint an administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884089", "title": "There are a lot of good quality bands in India: John Schlitt", "text": "We talk to John Schlitt the voice of Petra, who was in the city recentlyThis is the third time Bangloreans have seen John Schlitt perform live in the city, and he believes this was better than the last. \"Since there is an interaction with the local musicians,\" says John, who performed with Bangalore artists like Naveen Thomas and Joe Jacob among others. \"There are a lot of good quality bands in India,\" he adds.As the lead vocalist of Petra, the band released albums like Beyond Belief and Petra Praise: The Rock Cries Out which earned them four Grammy awards. Talking about his journey with Petra John says, \"As an artist the ride is always an adventure,\" he says. \"You have a lot of responsibilities if you are an artist and especially if you are a Christian band,\" he adds. \"I was shocked when Petra wanted me in their band,\" says John.John has toured many countries during his career with Petra and his favorite gig so far was in Argentina. \"The organizers kept telling us that it is going to be a really big show and I was like sure, how big it can get?\" says John adding, \"It was in a soccer stadium and we had a crowd of 97 thousand, \" he laughs. \"There was so much of energy, I can never forget it,\" says John.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "11881151", "title": "Angul GPs skip polls in protest against proposed coal mine", "text": "ANGUL: Residents of about five gram panchayats under Chhendipada block in Angul district boycotted the second phase of rural polls on Monday, protesting against the state government's move to set up a coal mine by Adani group at Patrapada, about 60 kms from here.Election was held for eight zilla parishads, 55 posts of sarpanch and 55 samiti members for both Talcher and Chhendipada blocks in the district on Monday. Voting couldn't be held in 93 booths of Chhendipada block and two booths of Talcher in Sana Jorada village, sources said.Reportedly, 17,585 voters abstained from voting in Chhendipada block. People of five gram panchayats of the block had earlier announced to boycott the election in protest against the proposed Mahaguj coal mine in the area.The company requires 7469 acres of land for the Mahaguj coal mine project, due to which nine villages are feared to be affected. The company targets to produce 30MT of coal per annum.People from Patrapada, Basantapur, Machhakuta, Bagedia and Similipala reportedly boycotted Monday's poll at Chhendipada, while voters of Sana Jorada village under Talcher block boycotted the poll in protest against the perennial shortage of drinking water in their village.\"Not a single vote was cast in the ballot box today. We don't know why the voters didn't come up for the voting process. We will inform the district administration about it,\" said Kaibalya Pradhan, presiding officer of booth number eight at Basantapur village in Chhendipada block.\"We boycotted the panchayat poll as we have no faith in the elected panchayat representatives. After the election is over all the representatives will support the company and act as agents of the company for their self interest. We will also oppose and boycott the general election if our demands are not met,\" said Srinibasa Sahoo, a resident of Basantapur village.\"The district administration issued notices to acquire our land under section 4(1) of the Land Acquisition Act without consulting us. We will not participate in the election process in the future too till the proposal of the coal mine is not scrapped completely,\" said Sanjaya Kumar Dehury, a resident of Basantapur village.When contacted, Angul sub-collector Sudarsana Parida said, \"People did not turn up for the election process on Monday in five gram Panchayats of Chhendipada block despite being requested several times by the district administration earlier. We will nominate candidates for the said posts in different panchayats as per the Gram Panchayat Act after the election process is over.\" He added, \"We have invited people for a peaceful dialogue with both the company and the administration. People should come forward for a discussion to solve the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878577", "title": "Of Ambajhari to manufacture SMERCH rocket casings", "text": "NAGPUR: Ordnance Factory Ambajhari at Nagpur will soon add another powerful rocket to its production repertoire. Hardware (casings) of the powerful Russian SMERCH rockets will be built at the factory in the near future, said OF Board chairman Shashidhar Dimri.\"The technology is Russian and we will be making the hardware for it here. The SMERCH rocket has a range of 90km, which is a very strong feature,\" said Dimri in the presence of MM Pallam Raju, minister of state for defence. Raju was in the city to attend the valedictory function of National Academy of Defence Production.OF Ambajhari is already manufacturing the indigenous Pinaka rocket, which has a range of 40km. SMERCH's range is more than double the distance, making it a formidable weapon in the army's arsenal. Currently, India purchases the SMERCH wholly from Russia and this is the first time that parts will be made here.The OF Board has also decided to ramp up production capacity of the Pinaka rockets to 12 times its current level. Dimri said, \"We have a current capacity of thousand rockets and the process is underway to take it up to 5,000 in a few year. The ultimate objective is to produce 12,000 rockets.\"Raju said his ministry's thrust will be on ensuring quality armament production from the OFs by modernizing the set-up. \"The first task is to replace old equipment, improve quality of materials and upgrade skill sets of employees,\" Raju said.Dimri added that most OF units are well past their prime and need to brought down. \"A typical plant has a life of 20 years, and we have a large number of plants well past that limit. In the next five years, we will replace all old machinery and increase our output,\" said Dimri.Based on a suggestion by Raju last year, some OFs will showcase their products at a specially constructed exhibition centre at OF Ambajhari. \"In a couple of months we should be ready with the state of the art exhibition centre at OF Ambajhari, where all products we make will be on display,\" said Dimri.The city could also play host to a powerful air transport fleet if issues relating to land near Sonegaon airport are sorted out. Raju said, \"Nagpur is one of the most ideal locations for stationing the transport fleet. There is an issue between MIHAN and Airports Authority of India, but I am hopeful that things will be resolved soon.\"The Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) has mooted a land-swap deal with the IAF. Under this, 278 hectares with the latter will be handed over to MADC, which will give 400 hectares to IAF at another location. However, the plan has not materialized so far. The IAF insists it can shift only when there is a runway close to the land proposed to be given to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneshwar", "code": "11878255", "title": "Ten bogies of passenger train derails, 5 injured", "text": "BHUBANESHWAR: At least five passengers were injured when 10 bogies of an express train travelling from Durg in Chhattisgarh to Puri in Orissa derailed at Lakhna on Monday night, 200km from here, railway officials said.The derailment took place shortly after Durg-Puri intercity express left Lakhna station in Odisha's Nuapara district at around 9pm.Ten bogies of the train jumped the tracks, injuring five passengers, East Coast Central Railway's Chief Public Relations Officer R N Mahapatra said here.A medical team from Raipur and two relief contingents from Sambalpur and Kantabanjhi were sent to the accident spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880056", "title": "Spate of 2-wheeler thefts continue", "text": "NASHIK: A scooter was reported stolen each in Bhadrakali, Sarkarwada, Gangapur and Upanagar recently. A Rodio Scooter worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the parking lot of its owner when its ownerAnjum Pirjade's residence at Hanif Manzil, Ganjamal. had parked it in the parking lot of his residence at Hanif Manzil, Ganjamal. The scooter got stolen on February 8 between 8.30 pm to 10 pm. Bhadrakali police have registered an offence.A Yamaha bike was also reported stolen from Pratik Puja society, Makhmalabad road, Panchavati. on February 4 between 1 pm to 1.15 pm.A complaint has been lodged at the Sarkarwada police station. Meanwhile, a Hero Honda worth Rs 20,000 was reported stolen on February 11, between 12.30 pm to 1.45 pm, from the parking of Laskhika Lawns, Lavtenagar. Sanjay Chavan of Nashik Road has lodged a complaint with the Gangapur Road police.Similarly, a Bajaj Boxer worth Rs 10,000 was reported stolen between February 11 and 12 from the parking of Jingle society, Bodhle Nagar. Ramdas Suryavanshi has registered a complaint in this regard with the Upanagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881345", "title": "Newcomer TC in third spot in candidate list", "text": "PANAJI: It may not have had any political presence in Goa till a month ago, but the Mamata Banerjee-led All India Trinamool Congress, steered by its state president, former CM Wilfred de Souza, has nominated 22 candidates, making it the third largest player in the forthcoming assembly polls.At the end of filing of nominations on Monday afternoon, around 19 political parties had joined the poll bandwagon, though most have fielded nominees in only a few constituencies.The Congress-NCP alliance stood at the top spot with a 33-6 nomination combination for the 40 assembly seats.The BJP-MGP combine came in second with 35 candidates, of which 28 will be from the saffron party while its 50-year-old regional outfit, left to field eight, has not fielded a candidate in Benaulim constituency.The Goa Vikas Party and United Goans Democractic Party (UGDP) alliance, a coalition of regional parties, has fielded 17 candidates, both fielding their own candidates in Cortalim.Among other parties, Communist Party of India has named its top leader Christopher Fonseca against opposition leader Manohar Parrikar in Panaji and two more in Saligao and St Cruz, while CPI-M has a lone name in Sanvordem.The Social Democratic Party and Rashtriya Krantikari Samaj have fielded candidates in Margao and Taleigao; Shiv Sena in Tivim, Mormugao and Vasco, while RPI has fielded candidates in Pernem, Mormugao and Vasco. The All India Muslim Front and Goa Su-raj Party have also fielded a few candidates.A new party, Jai Mahabarath, has fielded candidates in Siolim, Cumbharjua and Mormugao, while Janata Dal (United) has fielded candidates in Panaji, Vasco, Navelim and Cuncolim.Samajwadi Party is contesting in Siolim, Shiroda, Ponda and Sanguem while Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashitriya) is fielding candidates in Porvorim, Taleigao, Mandrem and Pernem.Goa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879603", "title": "Tight security at Israeli consulate in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon after an explosion in an Israeli embassy car, close to their mission in Delhi, in a suspected terror attack, security at the Israeli consulate in Mumbai was beefed up. The policemen were seen in multi-tier security checking all the entry and exit points near the consulate at Nariman point.Three persons, including an Israeli woman, were injured in the car explosion that took place on Monday. The armed forces in the city police have been on round-the-clock duty at the consulate office. However, after the explosion in Delhi, the security was again reviewed on Monday. \"We have beefed up security at the consulate, consul general's residence and the Jews' places of worship,\" said Mumbai police spokesman and deputy commissioner of police, Nisar Tamboli. Several institutions belonging to Israelis in Mumbai were also brought under strict surveillance, said police.The armed forces of Mumbai police provide security to 48 consulates in the city, including the US, United Kingdom , Italy, Germany, UAE , Saudi Arabia , Oman , and Afghanistan . \"The major manpower for the security is given to the US and the Israeli consulate in Mumbai. Armed Quick Response Teams (QRT) of Mumbai police were deployed at the Consulate General of Israel . It is noteworthy that Mumbai 26/11 attack co-accused David Coleman Headley had conducted a reconnaissance of the Chabad House or Nariman House, a Jewish outreach centre that was targeted during the 26/11 terror strike, and identified Chabad houses in Delhi, Pushkar and Pune as potential targets. \"A total of 40 police personnel are deployed at the consulate for security.There was an explosion and the Toyota Innova bearing number 109-CD-35 was in flames. Three persons including administrative attache of the Embassy received injuries in the incident. Ironically, no meeting for security was conducted by the Mumbai police. \"We have alerted all the police stations and the quick response team besides the armor vehicles is also on the patrol duty. We have asked the police personnel to keep a vigil and question whoever they found suspicious,\" said an officer. The special branch personnel, who are responsible for collecting information, were also asked to be on the field and gather information in case of suspicious activities, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11882919", "title": "Taint no dampener for b\u2019day bash", "text": "BELGAUM: Porngate may have left the ruling BJP with egg all over its face. But the shame and consequent loss of power have not deterred former minister Laxman Savadi from planning a massive show of strength in his constituency, Athani in Belgaum district, on his birthday on Thursday.Preparations for the programme at Athani, where several heavyweights including CM D V Sadananda Gowda and former CM B S Yeddyurappa are expected to participate, are in full swing.A gigantic pandal with a seating capacity of around 1 lakh is being put up at Aigali Cross near Athani. On Monday, thousands of Savadi supporters participated in a preliminary meeting at the programme venue.Spiking rumours about the postponement of the programme, zilla panchayat member Srishail Nadagouda said the programme will be held as planned.Invitation cards have already been printed. According to the invitation card, state BJP president KS Eshwarappa and m i n i s t e r s Basavaraj Bommai, Murughesh Nirani and Govind Karjol too will take part.Speaking to the TOI, Athani BJP block president Prabhakar Chavan said, \"No other recent incident will affect the programme.\" Karimasooti lift irrigation project, which has been implemented at a cost of Rs 560 crore, will be dedicated to the people on the day.Ajit Pawar, head of Laxman Savadi Abhimanigala Sangha, said: \"Whatever happened in the assembly was bad. But the people of Athani know about their leader and his character. People also know about his contribution to the development of Athani.\"Once the porngate broke, Savadi ensured that it was literally blacked out in his constituency. He reportedly ordered that power and cable connections be cut the evening TV carried clippings of him seeing porn clips on the floor of the assembly. His supporters ensured that newspapers didn't reach Athani the next morning. Savadi didn't attend the funeral of a relative later in the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "11880985", "title": "Adele, Foo Fighters top winners, but Whitney dominates Grammys", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Soul singer Adele triumphed over Rihanna , Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga to win the album of the year award for her chart-topping \"21\" and five other trophies at the 54th Grammy awards. \"Mom, gold is good!\" Adele shouted as she took the trophy.The singer, known for her powerful voice, underwent a vocal surgery in November last year but made a grand return to the music scene with her multiple win.The singer's six wins also included the record and song of the year for \"Rolling in the Deep\". The only other singer to win six trophies in one night is Beyonce, who set the record two years ago.The 23-year-old artist won trophies in all six categories she was nominated for, making a clean sweep at the mega music awards, which mourned the death of Whitney Houston , who was found dead in her hotel room on Sunday night.In the most poignant moment of the award night, singer Jennifer Hudson paid a music tribute to her idol by singing Houston's signature songs, \"I Will Always Love You\" , ending it with \"Whitney , we will always love you.\"The night's other big winners were Grohl's Foo Fighters , with five Grammys, including the best rock performance for \"Walk\" and best rock album for \"Wasting Light\" . Tony Bennett received the Grammy for the best pop performance for his duet with the late Amy Winehouse , \"Body and Soul\" . He was joined on stage by the singers parents.Country darling Taylor Swift won Grammys for the best country song and best country solo performance for \"Mean\" . a song about the people who were mean to her. The award for the best rap album went to Kanye West .Steve Jobs receives posthumous awardApple founder Steve Jobs was honoured with a posthumous Grammy award for his contributions to the music industry in areas other than performance. The award was accepted by App-le's senior vice-president of internet software and services, Eddy Cue , who thanked the cr-owd on behalf of Jobs' widow, Laurene, and his children. \"Accepting this award means so much to me because music meant so much to him,\" Cue saidPop performance by a duo or group:Body and Soul (Tony Bennett &amp; Amy Winehouse)R&B; ALBUM:F.A.M.E. ( Chris Brown)R&B; SONG:Fool For You ( Cee Lo Green , Melanie Hallim &amp; Jack Splash)R&B; PERFORMANCE:Is This Love ( Corrine Bailey Rae )RAP SONG:All of the Lights (Jeff Bhasker, Stacy Ferguson , Malik Jones, Warren Trotter &amp; Kanye West)DANCE RECORDING:Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites (Skrillex)COUNTRY SOLO PERFORMANCE:Mean (Taylor Swift)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879558", "title": "Duronto change: Amritsar out, UT-Delhi in?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Efforts are being made by railway officials to scuttle the Amritsar-Chandigarh Duronto Express and start Chandigarh-New Delhi Duronto Express in the forthcoming financial year. The train is likely to run during afternoon hours and would address a long-standing demand of passengers from the Tricity.Sources at Chandigarh railway station said in a meeting held last week in New Delhi, issues like abysmal response to Duronto Express, changing its timings and replacing the Duronto Express with an inter-city train between Amritsar and Chandigarh were discussed at length.A New Delhi-based railways official, declining to be named, said, \"We have not finalized anything yet. However, officials were enthusiastic about changing the destination of Chandigarh Duronto from Amritsar to New Delhi as they were satisfied with the feasibility of a third super-fast train to New Delhi. There has been a demand for sometime now about starting a third Shatabdi Express with an afternoon departure from Chandigarh.\"He said, \"In the discussion, the aspect of Duronto Express of being a non-stop train was talked about but all apprehensions were cleared as we understood from Ambala divisional headquarters officials that demand for tickets for an afternoon train to New Delhi is so much that it would ensure that train would leave the station full to the capacity.\"Speaking to TOI, Chandigarh railway station superintendent Praveen Kumar said, \"There has been a demand for a third Shatabdi for sometime now and we had even brought this issue up in our meeting with senior officials in Ambala a few months ago. I believe that the solution of Duronto Express between Chandigarh and Amritsar being disbanded and the same train being run between Chandigarh and New Delhi, would no doubt benefit a large number of passengers.\"The discussion also focused on connectivity between Chandigarh and Amritsar and it was proposed that an inter-city train be run between Chandigarh and Amritsar with stoppages at Beas, Jalandhar and Ludhiana. This would prove a win-win situation for both railways and passengers as one of the main reasons for Duronto Express proving a flop show is that there are no stoppages along the way.Duronto Express runs non-stop between two stations. This would mean that the train would not stop at various stations along the way to New Delhi from Chandigarh like Ambala, Kurukshetra and PanipatThe existing Shatabdi Express takes around three hours and 40 minutes to cover 240 km between Chandigarh and New Delhi with speeds varying between 70 and 80km per hour. Duronto Express takes around three hours and 30 minutes to cover 250 km between Chandigarh and Amritsar with speeds varying between 65 and 75 km per hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11881477", "title": "EC cancels nomination of RLD Kairana\u2019s candidate", "text": "LUCKNOW: After cases of multiple identities of BSP leaders Badshah Singh and Babu Singh Kushwaha hogged the limelight last month, another such incident came to light on Monday, this time in the case of Rashtriya Lok Dal candidate Vishal Kumar.Election Commission officials, late on Monday night, cancelled Kumar's nomination, an RLD candidate from Kairana constituency in Prabuddh Nagar of Western UP. Speaking to TOI, a senior EC official, said: \"On the day of scrutiny of nomination forms, a complaint was filed against Vishal Kumar by the Peace Party candidateYakub. Vishal was given a day's time to file a counter objection. Subsequently, after the EC examined the documents and heard the case, the charged of multiple identities were confirmed.As a result, on Monday, Vishal Kumar's nomination was cancelled.'' Regarded as the RLD pocket borough, the loss of candidature in the Kairana constituency in Prabuddh Nagar is expected to hurt the RLD-Congress combine, which would have hoped to better its 2007 performance in the region.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11883229", "title": "Treasure hunt lands pharmacist in trouble", "text": "BANGALORE: City police, with the help of Haryana police, were successful in getting a pharmacist from Basavanapura, near KR Puram, released from his abductors, who lured him with the promise of getting him a gold treasure at half the market price.Police identified the victim as Shankar, who was held captive by the gang members, who said they had discovered the treasure while working at a construction site in Haryana.\"We found that Shankar had gone to Haryana to negotiate with those who offered him the gold nuggets they found while digging a site in North India. He did not tell anyone that he was going to meet those who had offered him the treasure. A month ago, a few people came to meet him and showed him the nuggets, which were reportedly genuine,\" DCP (East) M Chandrashekhar said.A week ago, he left for Haryana and three days ago, the pharmacist's family received ransom calls, an investigating officer told TOI.\"The ransom demand ranged between Rs 50 lakh and Rs 60 lakh. At first, his family did not believe the calls as the callers were conversing in Hindi. Later, they approached KR Puram police who immediately traced the calls to Haryana and informed police there,\" a police officer said.Haryana police tracked the mobile calls and reached the hideout of the abductors, nabbed them and rescued Shankar. \"We are expecting Shankar to arrive here early on Tuesday morning. The abductors are in the custody of Haryana police. We have to take a production warrant from the city court to bring them here,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881461", "title": "GMC report slams doc, nurses for 'inattention'", "text": "PANAJI: 'Inattention' on the part of the doctor and nurses in the neo-natal unit of the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) resulted in a 27-week-old baby developing gangrene in his right hand, states the report of the four-member inquiry committee set up by GMC dean Dr V N Jindal to verify if negligence had led to the child's condition.The committee, headed by Dr Savita Chandra, submitted its three-page report to Jindal on Monday. The report states: 'There is some inattention on the part of the doctor and nurses in the neo-natal unit.' It further admits that this inattention could be because of the heavy load of patients in the neo-natal unit. It also doesn't rule out the possibility of premature babies and babies with very low birth weight developing such complications.Though the report doesn't name the doctor, whose alleged inattention resulted in the baby developing gangrene, the fact remains that there is only one doctor posted at the unit. The report doesn't name a single nurse either. Confirming the receipt of the report, Jindal said, \"The committee has submitted its report and pointed out certain anomalies in the treatment of the child.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "11881987", "title": "Talent flows at polytechnic", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: A talent search function was organized at Govt Polytechnic College for Girls, Rishi Nagar, on Monday. Main events included solo dance, choreography, folk song, fancy dress and giddha. The function was inaugurated by college principal Mohinderpal Singh. Students recited shabad to commence the program, which was followed by a solo dance competition.In choreography, students presented various touching themes like piteous condition of the fairer sex in our society and social evils.Divya and group were adjudged the winners of the competition. They highlighted the deteriorating education system and worsening political character of today's politicians. A folk song and giddha competition were also organized.The winners of this function will participate in Inter-polytechnic Youth Festival for Girls to be held in march at Jalandhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11878760", "title": "Israel embassy car blast: Indian intelligence hints at Iran's hand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The battle over Iran's nuclear weapons programme reached India on Monday as an Israeli diplomat's car was hit by a terror strike barely 200 metres from the official residence of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .The first open attack on an Israeli target in India coincided with an aborted strike against Israeli diplomats in Tbilisi , Georgia , pointing to a marked escalation of hostilities between the Shiite theocracy in Iran, which is defiant about pursuing its nuclear programme, and Israel, the US as well as the Sunni Arab world who are equally determined to stop it.On Monday afternoon, a motorcycle-borne youth tailed an Israeli embassy vehicle on Aurangzeb Road in the high security zone in New Delhi, close to the PM's residence, and allegedly placed \"something\" on the rear of the car when it stopped at a traffic signal at the intersection of Aurangzeb Road and Safdarjung Road in the Capital's high-security zone.Seconds later, there was an explosion and the Toyota Innova car, bearing registration number 109 CD 35, went up in flames. Three persons including the Israeli defence attache's wife Tal Yehoshua Korene, who was going to pick up her children from the American Embassy School, were injured.Investigators later got a crucial clue to the assailant in the footage from two CCTV cameras installed at industrialist Analjit Singh's 15, Aurangzeb Road residence. The bomber, in brown jacket on a motor cycle, is seen tailing the embassy car at 3.10 pm at a distance of 2-3 seconds. The cameras could not capture the registration number of the bike.The victim was in a critical condition, having suffered serious spinal injuries from shrapnel in the device that seemed to contain nitroglycerine.The first terror strike involving the use of magnetic bomb mirrored the one that killed Iranian nuclear scientist Mostafa Ahmadi-Roshan on January 11, when a small magnetic bomb was planted on his vehicle by two terrorists on a motorcycle. Four Iranian nuclear scientists have been killed in attacks in the past two years.Indian authorities remained tight-lipped about the source of the attack.However, Israel was categorical in blaming Iran. In an angry reaction, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, \"Iran is behind these attacks; it is the largest exporter of terrorism in the world.\" He further said, \"In recent months, we have witnessed several attempts to attack Israeli citizens and Jews in several countries, including Azerbaijan , Thailand and others. Iran and its proxy Hezbollah were behind all of these attempted attacks.\"The charge was refuted by a foreign ministry spokesperson in Tehran . \"We categorically reject the accusations made by the Zionist regime. They are part of a propaganda war,\" the spokesperson said.Speaking on the condition of anonymity, Indian intelligence sources suspected an Iranian connection to the magnetic bomb attack which they feel could be a retaliation against the covert attempts to thwart the Shiite regime's relentless pursuit of a nuclear programme which the West as well as Sunni Muslim countries are convinced is meant to equip the theocracy with nuclear weapons.Sources also said Israel had recently confided in Indians their fears of Israeli targets coming under attack from Iranian sympathizers. Sources in Delhi Police did not rule out the possibility of Iranian sympathizers enlisting the modules of Lashkar, who despite their loathing of Shias, are unremitting in their animosity towards Israel.In the past two years, four Iranian scientists have been mysteriously assassinated, 3 of them in attacks where motorcycle-borne assailants stuck magnetic bombs to their cars. The only one to survive the attacks targeting nuclear scientists so far is Fereydoun Abbasi, now the head of Iran's atomic energy organization. He jumped away from his car seconds before it burst in November 2010. On the same day, another Iranian scientist, Majid Shahriari, was killed in an attack in Tehran. An attack in July 2011 killed an electronics student who some reports claimed was working on high-voltage switches.In November 2011,17 elite Revolutionary Guards personnel including Maj Gen Hassan Moghaddam, believed to be head of Iran's missile programme, died in an explosion at an Iranian missile base.Besides, a computer virus Stuxnet attacked Iran's centrifuges over the past year and half, sending many of them spinning out of control. While nobody is completely clear about the damage it has caused, it is generally believed that Stuxnet has delayed the Iranian programme significantly. Some experts recently claimed that the worm had attacked the Bushehr reactor which could suffer a meltdown once its fully operational.Israel is also suspected to have infiltrated the network of suppliers from whom Iran could clandestinely source components for its nuclear programme. As a result, Iran have received defective supplies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879515", "title": "Fodder scam accused disowns 85kg gold bond", "text": "RANCHI: The three main accused in the multi-crore fodder scam took almost everyone by surprise on Monday when they disowned around Rs 23.35 crore during hearing of a case (RC 20) in the court of special CBI judge P K Singh.The case involves fraudulent withdrawal of around Rs 37.39 crore from the Chaibasa treasury in West Singhbhum district. Total of 350 prosecution witness were examined during course of trial in the case lodged in 1996. Two former chief ministers of Bihar - Lalu Prasad and Jaggannath Mishra - are also accused in the case.Answering a question of the special CBI judge, former assistant director of the animal husbandry department, K M Sharma, disowned the 85 kg gold bond that was seized by the investigating agency from his house. \"The gold bond does not belong to me. I am not aware of any seizure of 85 kg gold bond from my house,\" said Sharma adding that it dose not belong to him.The current market price of 85 kg gold is around Rs 22.95 crore. At present, price of one kg gold is around Rs 27 lakh. Two other accused in the case - Arjun Sharma and S Tirkey - both government officials, also disowned around Rs 20 lakh each seized by the CBI during the raid.The court also recorded the statements of Lok Sabha MP from Jahanbad in Bihar, Jagdish Sharma, former IAS officers - Julius Beck, Mahendra Prasad and Phul Chandra Singh - and animal husbandry (AHD) officer S N Sharma.At the time of the scam, Jagdish Sharma was the Congress MLA and chairman of public accounts committee (PAC) of Bihar assembly. He was the chairman of PAC from 1992-95 and also member of Bihar assembly.\"All the allegations levelled against me in the case are baseless. As chairman of PAC, I never tried to violate rules,\" said Sharma.Special CBI advocate BMP Singh said all the other former bureaucrats and AHD officers also denied the charges of involvement in any fraud or misuse of office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879108", "title": "Tests on Ishrat case witnesses deepen mystery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The psychological profiling of two constables, who were witness to the 2004 Ishrat Jahan encounter, revealed that the policemen had lied while making their first statements that they had first hand information about the encounter.Interestingly, the test also revealed that they were not forced by IPS officer Satish Verma, member of the special investigation team (SIT) set up by Gujarat high court, to make these statements, wherein they had claimed that the encounter was stage-managed.These observations were made by the Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), New Delhi, on the basis of forensic psychological assessment and behavioural analysis interview. The tests were carried out on policemen Moti Talja Desai and Shiv Singh Bayal.These contradictory observations by the CFSL have made the task of the probe agency - Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) - more difficult. Desai and Bayal had revealed in December 2010 that the encounter was stage-managed. Desai claimed that he had seen the crime branch cops shooting from a close range at one of the four killed in the encounter - Amjad Ali Rana. He said Rana was blindfolded. Bayal also claimed that he had seen Ishrat with another person two days before she was shot dead along with three others.However, they later retracted their statements and accused Verma of forcing them to make the statements. HC took this issue of retraction very seriously and asked the then SIT chief R R Verma to conduct an inquiry into it. Accordingly, the tests were conducted by CFSL, with this surprising outcome.The in-depth analysis by CFSL experts from its Forensic Psychology Division led them to conclusions that are contradictory in nature. For instance, CFSL found that Desai's second statement that he had not seen the encounter was true. However, his first statement, wherein he claimed to have witnessed the incident, was not recorded under duress. \"It remains a mystery why Desai had lied to the SIT.Similarly, Bayal's first statement made before SIT was found to be false, but at the same time his allegations that Verma had prepared the statement himself was also found to be false. With all three SIT members unanimously concluding that Ishrat encounter was not genuine, CBI has now been left to solve this puzzle of which statement was true.Ishrat and three others were killed on June 15, 2004 in a shootout in the outskirts of the Ahmedabad city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11879061", "title": "Gudadhe educating voters about problems in BJP rule", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress candidate Praful Gudadhe has, like almost all other candidates, undertaken a door-to-door campaign in his ward, including Jaitala, Shivangaon, Ekatmata Nagar, Sonegaon and other adjoining areas. He assured residents that he will redress their grievances if he is voted to power once again.Gudadhe is leaving no stone unturned in his effort to corner the BJP-led government in the corporation. Lamenting that the progress of the city has slowed down significantly during the BJP regime, he alleged that the BJP has failed to put the city on the path of progress.Gudadhe has been meeting voters for the last few days to seek votes for himself and two other women Congress candidates - Rajshree Pannase and Rekha Barahate contesting from the prabhag.\"I start my day at 8am with door-to-door campaigning, which continues till 2pm,\" he says. After lunch, he resumes his campaigning and goes on till late in the night.\"I am trying to convince voters to come out of their homes on polling day to cast votes, because most urban voters do not vote,\" he said. However, he is sure that voters from rural parts of his prabhag, including Jaitala, Shivangaon, Ekatmata Nagar and Sonegaon, will definitely vote.On Monday, at 8am Gudadhe started door-to-door campaign in Jaitala, where he resides. He received a mixed response from voters, with many lamenting that this part of the city lacks basic infrastructure like roads, street lights and potable water and the situation is worse in remote areas.Apart from door-to-door campaigning, the young Congress leader held a series of meetings with party workers in Jaitala to mobilize them to make team effort to seek votes in their villages. He also assigned them their duties as polling agents.\"I have been holding meetings with voters at their doorsteps for a couple of days,\" he said. On Monday afternoon, after his door-to-door campaign ended, he got busy for the evening public meeting to be addressed by union minister and former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh.The voters said that those who address issues such as condition of roads, electricity supply, quality education in NMC schools and unemployment problem will be favoured.Shewanti Hiware, a homemaker, however said that she has not yet decided which candidate to vote for, but the one who brings transparency in governance and opposes reservation on the basis of caste and religion will receive her support.Some voters whom Gudadhe met maintained that they will vote for the party. It would be interesting to see whether they do that or are convinced by some candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "yatamal", "code": "11878937", "title": "Funds about to lapse, hunting for beneficiaries!", "text": "YATAMAL: Many government projects suffer due to lack of sufficient funds in time. But the Yavatmal municipal council has a different problem in implementing the Central government-sponsored integrated urban development scheme. Funds worth Rs 7 crore have been released but the civic body is hunting for beneficiaries. And if they fail to implement the scheme by March end, the funds might lapse.According to chief officer of Yavatmal municipal council Rajesh Mohite, 1,257 beneficiaries were identified from the town and the municipal council received the first instalment of Rs 4 crore from the sanctioned fund of Rs 25 crore.The houses were supposed to be constructed under the cluster style. However, the beneficiaries were reluctant to permit the municipal council to construct multi-storeyed buildings on the limited ground space owned and occupied by individuals. Though the fund was received, the municipal council could construct only 38 dwellings out of 1,257 so far. Consequently, those 38 completed dwelling places are still lying unoccupied.\"We have informed the government about the ground reality and the practical hurdles and sought its further guidelines,\" Mohite said.Recently, Maharashtra Housing and Development Agency (Mhada) had arranged a review meeting of the chief officers of all the municipal councils included in the Gharkul Yojana at Karanja Lad of Akola district. After due deliberations, the chief executive engineer of Mhada has accepted the new proposal of 'in-situ' style of construction of houses for the beneficiaries.\"We have a sum of Rs 7 crore at hand and the amount should be utilized before March 31,\" Mohite said, adding that the actual construction would start in April next.As per the decision of the meeting at Karanja Lad, the beneficiaries are allowed to construct their own houses within the framework of the approved building plan for which the municipal council would provide them the finance as per the pre set stages of construction.The Yavatmal Municipal Council has empowered over ten women self help groups (SHGs) to go from door-to-door in the short-listed slum areas to identify the beneficiaries who are willing to abide by the new proposal of constructing own houses.The SHGs have so far obtained the willingness of 499 beneficiaries hailing from the slums of Patipura, Indira Nagar, Netaji Nagar and Talaofail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878850", "title": "Mahima Chaudhary campaigns for Congress", "text": "VARANASI: Supporting Congress candidates for the assembly polls, Bollywood diva Mahima Chaudhary was seen carrying out a road show with party workers in various areas of the city on Monday.The road show began from Shivala and passed through Sonarpura, Pandey Haveli, Jangambadi and concluded at crowded Godowlia market. During the road show the actor was spotted singing patriotic songs from her movies and waving at the locals. She asked them to support the Congress candidates.While a number of her fans rushed to the terrace, windows and some even crowded the roads to get a glimpse of the actor, women and girls welcomed her by showering her with flower petals.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881797", "title": "100% rise in heart ailments among women", "text": "MUMBAI: Heart diseases, including heart attacks , among Indian women have risen 300% in 40 years, with a 100% rise in the last 15 years alone. The American Heart Association campaign points out that one American woman dies every minute of a heart ailment.Data for Indian women is not available, but doctors are unanimous that desi women are as vulnerable to heart diseases as their western counterparts .\"The problem here is that women tend to ignore symptoms and go late to the doctor,'' says Jaslok Hospital's Dr A B Mehta . The expert view is that lifestyle is the sole factor fuelling the alarming rise in the incidence of heart attacks. Women today face stress both at home and the workplace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881184", "title": "Colour code to impress tourists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking a leaf out of Puri, the state government is planning to paint the buildings around Bindu Sagar lake and Lingaraj temple in Old Town here in a uniform colour to boost heritage tourism. The proposal was taken following a high-level meeting chaired by secretary, general administration department U N Behera here on Monday. The meeting was attended by officers of several departments.Even though such proposal was made by several voluntary organizations in the past, this was the first time government showed interest to materialize it for beautification of Old Town. The state government has asked the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) and Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) to work on the proposed \"uniform building colour\" project and submit report, sources said.\"The BDA and BMC officials would study the implications of the proposed project and discuss with locals. After getting the consent of locals, including the building owners, we will move ahead and make an estimation of the expenses,\" state housing and urban development secretary Saurabh Garg told TOI. The state government had last year painted buildings on both sides of Grand Road at Puri in ivory colour. The idea was to impress the tourists during the world famous Rath Yatra.The government has also asked the BMC and BDA to earmark a portion at Bindu Sagar tank where religious practices like pinda daan (offering for forefathers) can be performed without polluting other parts of the hallowed water body. The officials were also asked to take steps to further beautify the Bindu Sagar area. The state archaeology wing has been asked to create a databank of the temples dotting Old Town. \"We will soon start the mapping of the temples and draw up plans for its preservation,\" a senior officer said.Central Electricity Supply Utility (Cesu) was asked to explore the possibility of carrying out underground cabling around the Lingaraj temple and Bindu Sagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878967", "title": "Exercise and light meals keep the leaders going", "text": "NAGPUR: An up close and personal view of leaders, who are in the thick of NMC elections, would show that they keep a gruelling schedule covering as much ground as possible in a build up to the polls. Most of them pack in 15 to 18 hours in a day moving around on foot, addressing rallies and meeting people.Anil Sole, who heads the city unit of BJP , says that regular exercise is seeing him through. \"I have a slip disc problem so I exercise early in the morning to keep myself fit. I am also undertaking padyatras, which add to the quantum of exercise.\" The slim and trim Sole eats \"Just two meals a day, in the morning at 11.30 and evening around 10 pm which comprise of two chapattis with vegetables and daal to see me through.\"Leader of opposition and former mayor Vikas Thakre is managing with just four hours of sleep. \"I begin my day at 6 in the morning and it ends only after 2 in the night. I am avoiding eating outside and have cut down on tea. Elections are also a time when we can shed upto eight kilos of weight. I am having hot water baths at least thrice a day to relax myself and rejuvenate.\"Independent candidate Paresh Joshi says he has cut down on the quantity of food to remain fit. \"With insufficient sleep, eating less will keep us more active,\" he says.The long padyatras are causing some stress to many of politicos. Deputy mayor Shekhar Sawarbandhe of Shiv Sena has been wearing rubber slippers to relax his feet. \"I also soak my feet in warm water once or twice a day to reduce the pain,\" he says. The weather too has had its effect. Swarbandhe who is suffering from a soar throat said, \"I am taking homeopathy medicines to cure myself along with honey and ginger to sooth the throat.\"For the women candidates in the fray the going is tough. Nivedita Jaiswal of NCP says that she has lost some weight. \"I have an acidity problem so I take only black tea in the morning. I grab a quick breakfast. There is no time for lunch and dinner again is a light meal.\" Sitting mayor Archana Dehankar says though there is no time to eat, she is okay as otherwise too she keeps a lot of fasts. \"I am avoiding junk food and stick to home cooked sabzi roti and healthy snacks like upma,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882942", "title": "An uphill task for CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has a tough job on his hands - to woo former judges to occupy the high-profile Lokayukta's post.The BJP government has committed itself to appointing a Lokayukta in the next 10 days. But not many retired judges are interested in taking up the job considering the recent controversies involving the institution.Justices Srikrishna and VS Malimath, who were said to be keen on the job, have withdrawn from the race citing personal reasons. The government has now prepared a list of over six former high court chief justices and Supreme Court judges. The list includes Justices NK Sodhi and Bhaskar Rao, both former CJs of Karnataka high court; Justice PV Reddy, former CJ of Karnataka high court and ex-SC judge; Justices VS Sirpurkar, B Sudarshan Reddy and Mukundam Sharma, all former Supreme Court judges.THE STAKEHOLDERSBesides the government, the legislative council chairman, assembly speaker, opposition leaders, and CJ of Karnataka high court are the other stakeholders in selection of the Lokayukta. The CJ and opposition leaders in the assembly and council can recommend different names for the job. But if the Speaker and the chairman's nominee match with that of the CM's, then the latter will recommend his choice for the post. Past experiences have proved just that.The government is yet to begin the process of consultation with the stakeholders. In the past, chief ministers have sought stakeholders' suggestions by dashing off letters. After the recent controversy, opposition leaders are demanding that the government convene a meeting to arrive at a consensus. But this time too, the CM is unlikely to break the tradition of writing letters.I WAS MISQUOTED: SURESH KUMARLaw and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar (in pic) has denied making a statement in Hassan that Upa Lokayukta Justice Chandrashekaraiah's issue will be decided by the legislature in the next session. In a statement on Monday, Kumar maintained that he was wrongly quoted. \"What I said was about the government's future course of action following Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen's letter, not about his action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880140", "title": "House Owner at home during break-in", "text": "NASHIK: In a bizarre incident, goods worth Rs 1.12 lakh were stolen from a bungalow, when the woman of the house was watching television in the drawing room.According to the Panchavati Police, Ramesh Bhandvade, resident of Advait Bungalow, Bhausaheb Hire Nagar, Hirawadi, said that on February 11, his wife was watching television in the drawing room of his bungalow, when an unidentified person culprit climbed up the bungalow from the staircase at the back of the bungalow and broke into a entered a room on the upper flooor. its back, entered a room on the upper floor and sThe burglar decamped with tole away goods and jewellery amounting to Rs 1.12 lakh.According to the Panchavati Police, Ramesh Bhandvade, resident of Advait bungalow, Hirawadi, said that his wife was watching television in the drawing room of his bungalow, when an unidentified person accessed the home from the rear staircase entered a room on the upper floor and stole valuables worth Rs 1.12 lakh.One killed in hit-and-run on Nashik roadA motorcycle driver Kacheshwar Palve, was killed in a hit-and-run incident at Sinnar Phata in the Palse area of Nashik Road, recently. According to reports, Kacheshwar and his son Vijay were on their motorcycle when they were hit by an unknown vehicle from the rear. While Kacheswar died in the accident, Vijay has received serious injuries. The vehicle driver fled the scene.2-wheeler thefts continueA scooter was reported stolen each in Bhadrakali, Sarkarwada, Gangapur and Upanagar recently. A Rodio Scooter worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the parking lot of its owner Anjum Pirjade's residence at Hanif Manzil, Ganjamal. Ganjamal. Bhadrakali police have registered an offence. A Yamaha bike was reported stolen from Pratik Puja society, Makhmalabad road, Panchavati. A complaint has been lodged at the Sarkarwada police station. A Hero Honda worth Rs 20,000 was reported stolen on February 11, between 12.30 pm to 1.45 pm, from the parking of Laskhika Lawns, Lavtenagar. Sanjay Chavan of Nashik Road has lodged a complaint with the Gangapur Road police. Similarly, a Bajaj Boxer worth Rs 10,000 was reported stolen between February 11 and 12 from the parking of Jingle society, Bodhle Nagar. Ramdas Suryavanshi has registered a complaint with the Upanagar police.Vehicle theftA scooter was reported stolen each in Bhadrakali, Sarkarwada, Gangapur and Upnagar recently. A Rodio Scooter worth Rs 20,000 was stolen when its owner Anjum Pirjade had parked it in the parking lot of his residence at Hanif Manzil, Ganjamal. The scooter got stolen on February 8 between 8.30 pm to 10 pm. Bhadrakali police have registered an offence. A Yamaha bike was also reported stolen from Pratik Puja Society, Makhmalabad Road, Panchavati, on February 4 between 1 pm to 1.15 pm. A complaint has been lodged at the Sarkarwada Police Station. Meanwhile, a Hero Honda worth Rs 20,000 was reported stolen on February 11, between 12.30 pm to 1.45 pm, from the parking of Laskhika Lawns, Lavtenagar. Sanjay Chavan of Nashik Road has lodged a complaint with the Gangapur Road police. Similarly, a Bajaj Boxer worth Rs 10,000 was reported stolen between February 11 and 12 from the parking of Jingle Society, Bodhle Nagar. Ramdas Suryavanshi has registered a complaint in this regard with the Upnagar Police.House break-inIn a bizarre incident, goods worth Rs 1.12 lakh were stolen from a bungalow, when the woman of the house was watching television in the drawing room. According to the Panchavati Police, Ramesh Bhandvade, resident of Advait Bungalow, Bhausaheb Hire Nagar, Hirawadi, said that on February 11, his wife was watching television in the drawing room of his bungalow, when some unidentified culprit climbed up the bungalow from the staircase at its back, entered a room on the upper floor and stole away goods and jewellery amounting to Rs 1.12 lakh.One die in hit and run caseAccidents continue to occur on the Sinnar Phata, in Palse area of Nashik Road. One more vehicle driver fell victim to the hit and run case recently. According to reports, Kacheshwar Palve and his son Vijay Palve were on their motorbike near the said spot when they were hit by an unknown vehicle from the rear. While Kacheswar Palve died in the accident ,his son has received serious injuries. The vehicle driver fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11879787", "title": "WHO at Hazaribag hospital", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A probe team headed by Dr Gyan from World Health organization (WHO) and Hazaribag RCH Dr Sanjay Jaiswal visited Barhi on Monday to inquire into the recovery of vaccines and vials of distilled water meant for eradication of measles. The vaccines and vials - provided by the state government and WHO to be used between November 18-December 18, 2011 - were reportedly thrown in the Chourasia check dam.The vaccines were supplied to the various districts by the state health department during the National Measles Eradication Programme for children between the age group of zero to 12 years. tnnEach district and block were given a month's time to achieve their target. However, following recovery of 1,390 vials of measles vaccines manufactured in a Pune-based factory and 1,700 vials of distilled water by the locals and Barhi primary health centre doctor Prakash Gyani has raised serious doubts about the success of the drive.The recovered vaccines were of fresh stock and the date of manufacturing mentioned and displayed on the packets was August, 2011, and the date of expiry July 2013. The probe team said it is too early to say who was responsible for dumping them in the dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871734", "title": "Neil Nitin Mukesh's bedroom secret", "text": "We have come to know something about Neil Nitin Mukesh that few, only those very close to him only know.Its his bedroom secret! Before you jump to any wrong conclusions we need to clarify that the actor can sleep only when the room is pitch dark. A friend of the actor reveals, \"Neil likes to sleep in a dark room. He ensures that the room is so dark that nothing is visible to the naked eye. In fact he sees to it that his room is completely blacked out when he hits the bed. This has been a habit with him since childhood. In fact his mother takes utmost care that not a ray or even dim light seep into the room, lest it awaken him. And no matter how deep a sleep, Neil may be in, even a tiny dot of light can wake him up.\"The actor has been so particular that he has installed thick curtains that do not allow light to penetrate into his room. \"Neil still feels that the curtains are not thick enough and wants thicker ones. ln fact his mom jokingly said that the only option was now to paint the windows black,\" said the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879129", "title": "' N-energy vital for India's power production'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Stressing on production of electricity using nuclear energy in India, member of Atomic Energy Commission M R Srinivasan said here on Monday that it is vital for the country to become the third largest economy in the world. Srinivasan was speaking at the Ahmedabad Management Association.\"At the time of independence, the electrical capacity was about 2,000 megawatts, which was about the same as that of China. But the capacity in India in 2012 is 1.6 lakh megawatts against 8 lakh megawatt of China,\" he said. talking about how India has lagged behind in the area.\"Currently more than half of the electricity in the country is produced using coal as fuel for which we have to import large quantity of coal. Even with hydroelectric power, the government agencies are facing several hurdles,\" he said.\"The country has made good progress in harnessing wind power. The leading states are Gujarat and Tamil Nadu. But we can't envisage running railways or heavy industries such as fertilizers and automobile on solar and wind power. It is in this context that nuclear power has been looked upon as an important part of the electric supply system for the future,\" said Srinivasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11880476", "title": "Dalhousie draped under white sheet of snow", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: After experiencing a weeklong sunny weather, Chamba district was again draped under a thick sheet of snow which cheered tourists but dejected the local residents who have not yet recovered from the recent weather's changes.\"Snowing started late evening on Sunday which continued till Monday. It brought the routine life to a standstill. It's good for tourists but for natives now it's enough of snow,\" said Surjeet Kumar, a ward member from Dalhousie.Besides affecting amenities like water and electricity, snowing had also interrupted supply of milk and vegetables to the markets, he added.Dalhousie had received an ample snowfall this year that had damaged the fruit crops and loss of crores of rupees to the electricity and IPH departments.But it has cheered the tourism industry which was hoping for a good inflow of the tourists on weekends.\"Mainly tourists come here from Amritsar and Pathankot and with Valentine's Day falling this week, snowfall will boost the inflow of the tourists on weekends ahead,\" said Utkarsh Sharma, a hotelier in Dalhousie.However, he also maintained that the roads were the only mode of the transport and these should remain clear for good arrival of the tourists.Sources said that till Monday evening Dalhousie had received four to five feet snow which had jammed the roads posing inconvenience for heavy vehicles to ply over the frozen roads.\"Roads in Dalhousie have been covered with snow and these have become slippery but we have deployed labour to clear these roads completely to avoid inconvenience to commuters,\" said a PWD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad/ahmedabad", "code": "11879816", "title": "Sohrabuddin case: Ex-DGP quizzed", "text": "HYDERABAD/AHMEDABAD: The Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case took a new turn with the CBI on Monday questioning former director general of police K Aravinda Rao on the affair. This follows the disclosures made by DIG N Balasubramanyam before the CBI during his questioning by the investigation agency in Gandhinagar last week.Highly placed sources told TOI that Balasubramanyam told CBI that instead of asking him anything, they should quiz then additional director general of police in charge of intelligence department Aravind Rao. Meanwhile, Ch.Srinivas, assistant commissioner of police, Shamshabad, did not turn up for CBI's interrogation at Gandhinagar which was slated for February 10. Sources in Hyderabad told TOI that Srinivas Rao has reported for duty but was unavailable for the media. CBI avers that he knows too much and his advisors told him not to risk going to Gujarat and that he would walk into a CBI trap and end up being arrested.The CBI team, that came all the way from Gandhinagar, questioned Rao for several hours at their Koti office in Hyderabad. Rao, who later become director general of police and retired a few months ago, used to wield enormous powers during his days as additional director general of intelligence (ADG-I). He was known as the super boss of the department whose writ ran wider than the police chiefs of his time. All the SPs used to be virtually at his beck and call and so were the anti naxal squads of the state police. Rao was ADG- I for a long time including the period that the kidnapping of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kauser Bee and their subsequent encounter took place in October/November 2005. While CBI sources were tight-lipped over the questioning of the former intelligence chief, Aravida Rao told TOI that he was quizzed by the investigative agency and that he had given them a statement, but added that he cannot disclose details of the same.His former colleagues in the police said that though Aravinda Rao is a well- read man and is a Sanksrit scholar, the discerning amongst them perceived his \"Hindu\" leanings. \"If at all he had to do something with the collaboration with the Gujarat police in the case, it must be due to these leanings,\" some of his former colleagues averred. They pointed out that the political dispensation in Andhra Pradesh was controlled by the Congress in 2005 and in no way would chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy have collaborated with the Modi regime.\"It was obviously an intra- police deal between elements of the police forces of the two states,\" these sources said. \"Obviously, there was no formal record in writing about a request from the Gujarat police to locate and nab Sohrabuddin Sheikh. If there was an arrest warrant, Sohrabuddin could have been formally arrested and handed over to the Gujarat cops,\" the sources said.As reported earlier, elements in AP police had used the services of renegade Nayeemuddin to lure Sohrabuddin to Hyderabad. Then, the whereabouts were made known to elements in Gujarat police from where a team led by DIG V G Vanzara and SP Raj Kumar Pandyan came to Hyderabad. Balasubramanyam had allegedly booked a room for Pandyan at the Hyderabad IPS officers mess in 2005.Using the logistical and other support of AP police elements, Sohrab and Kauser Bee were kidnapped from Tadola on the Karnataka border and taken to Ahmedabad only to be bumped off in a false encounter. Seven police officials of the AP police also accompanied the team to Ahmedabad.A Gujarat police probe in the matter later did not yield any result on the AP angle because of stonewalling by the AP police. But after the case was handed over to the CBI, some efforts were made to probe the AP angle. These efforts have intensified after a recent Supreme Court observation in the case. So far, the CBI has arrested 15 police officials of the Gujarat and Rajasthan cadres in the Sohrabuddin case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880536", "title": "Police jeep torched in clash after woman\u2019s death", "text": "KOLKATA: The death of a 35-year-old housewife in Dum Dum's Chasipara sparked a clash between police and the locals who alleged Mousumi, the victim, was murdered by her in-laws. The mob set a police jeep on fire and ransacked the victim's in-laws' home. Bhaskar Nandy, the victim's husband, his father Dinabandhu and mother Sandhya were detained after a complaint was lodged.On Sunday, Bhaskar took Mousumi to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital after she fell ill, but she died in the hospital. A death certificate issued by the hospital stated that Mousumi had a \"normal death\". However, locals started an agitation on Monday after Mousumi's body was brought to her residence. Alleging that she was strangled by her husband Bhaskar and his parents, they demanded an autopsy of the body. Bhaskar tried to convince the agitators that there was no foul play behind his wife's death, but none was ready to buy his argument.\"My wife died after a heart attack, which is stated in her death certificate issued by the hospital. My seven- year-old son Arghya also told the crowd that his mother died of illness. But some locals did not pay any heed to our words and beat me up. My residence was also ransacked,\" Bhaskar said at Dum Dum police station.When locals did not allow her in-laws to take Mousumi's body to the crematorium, a police team reached the spot, only to be gheraoed by the agitators. \"The Chasipara residence is the parental home of Mousumi while Bhaskar and his parents were their tenants. After the death of Mousumi's parents, Bhaskar married her around 10 years back. But he and his parents used to beat up Mousumi over petty issues,\" said a local.When police tried to reach the body forcibly, the mob pelted stones at the police jeep and later set it on fire.\"The body was sent for postmortem after the victim's relative lodged a complaint on Monday afternoon,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881521", "title": "Israeli team making documentary on Bakery", "text": "PUNE: A group of four filmmakers from Israel are in Pune to make a documentary on the German Bakery, titled \"We All Are One\".Uri Artzi, who is directing the documentary, said, \"When such incidents take place, a person's religion or nationality does not die; it is people who die. Through this documentary, we want to tell the people behind these bomb blasts that we are united.\"The team, which came to Pune on Sunday, plans to spend three weeks here and capture the scene at and around the German Bakery. On Monday, exactly two years after the blast took place, the team spent the entire day at the bakery, recording the denizens who came there to pay tributes and condolences.Artzi said the team has also spoken to people living in Koregaon Park. \"We interviewed them on the trauma they went through on the day of the blast and in its aftermath. We were moved by what they told us. It is indeed cruel that innocence people were targeted,\" he said.Asked what inspired the team to make the documentary, Artzi said, \"Several bomb blasts have taken place in India in the recent past. We have noticed that the terrorists have a set pattern - they target places where foreigners visit. German Bakery is one such example. Chabad House is close by and so is the Osho Commune, where you find several foreigners. We wanted to capture this pattern in the documentary and that's why we chose to shoot at German Bakery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879648", "title": "HC directs govt to allot room to blind man", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Monday directed the state to allot the common open space of a building at BDD Chawl, Worli, to a blind man. Earlier, the housing department had rejected Raju Dhanwate's application, saying that it is used by residents for religious purposes.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing Raju Dhanwate's petition, challenging the housing department's August 6, 2011, order rejecting his request. \"We can understand if a family is staying there but not if it is used for a religious purpose,'' said Justice Shah.A telephone operator at the Government College Hostel at Churchgate, Dhanwate had written that he be allotted 100 sq ft place, earlier a common bathroom, on the second floor of building number 117. On July 2010, the director, BDD Chawl, informed him that the tenement is not vacant and is used by other occupants for religious purposes and studying.Dhanwate's lawyer Uday Warunjikar argued that religious functions are performed once in 6 months and a July 2007 government resolution provides for allotment of tenement to the blind.. The additional government pleader said the state is considering redeveloping the BDD Chawl. Warunjikar pointed out that for the last 10 years, the state has been saying this and done nothing. The judges said even if Dhanwate is allotted the space, he can always be accommodated in the redeveloped building.The judges admitted the petition and directed that the allotment be made within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881536", "title": "Cops told to produce statements of Mane's doctor, relatives", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Monday ordered the investigating officer in the rogue bus driver Santosh Mane case to produce the statements of his Solapur-based psychiatrist, Dilip Burte, and his relatives on Tuesday.The directions were issued by the court of judicial magistrate first class, Umeshchandra More, while hearing the plea of Mane's lawyer, Mahesh Agarwal, to shift him to the regional mental hospital from the Yerawada central jail, where he has been sent to magisterial custody till February 18.On January 25, Mane (40) had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate bus stand and drove it for 14 kms around the city on a manic spree that left eight dead and 32 injured.Earlier, Agarwal lashed out against the crime branch for not producing the statements of Burte and Mane's relatives before the court. Citing section 328 of the Criminal Procedure Code, Agarwal said the court should have conducted an inquiry before sending Mane to magisterial custody.Relying on various Supreme Court and Bombay High Court rulings, the lawyer submitted that incomplete treatment was provided to his client and pleaded that he be shifted back to the hospital for further treatment.Relying on Mane's medical reports, issued by Burte, Sassoon general hospital and the mental hospital, Agarwal argued that the medical reports were sufficient to show that he was suffering from mental illness. He pointed out that it was Mane's constitutional right to obtain treatment as the jail lacked facilities to provide treatment to such persons and relied on section 84 of Indian Penal Code to show that it was necessary to admit him to the mental hospital.Agarwal also produced an affidavit by Mane's brother, Maruti, to show that Mane was undergoing treatment since 2010, and expressed fear that his illness would get aggravated if he was denied treatment. He argued that the medical reports from the mental hospital and the Sassoon general hospital were incomplete as they were issued without checking Mane's previous medical history and without consulting his doctor and relatives.Opposing the plea, assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne told the court that the mental hospital had said in its final report that Mane was not suffering from mental illness. Pacharne argued that Mane was not mentally ill before and after the incident.Rajendrasinh Mohite, assistant commissioner of police (crime II), replying to Mane's plea said investigations had not yet revealed that he was mentally ill. Mohite said a panel of three doctors needs to be formed to examine Mane and say whether he needs to be shifted to the mental hospital.After hearing the arguments, More said, \"It was the court's discretion to remand him to magisterial custody as the medical opinion was above everything. This is not the stage of framing charges in the case\".The defence and prosecution were also asked to explain whether CrPC or the Mental Health Act would prevail while deciding Mane's plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11878248", "title": "It's your chance to change Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are cynical about why you should vote in the upcoming civic elections, or doubt the quality of the candidates, here's why you should do a rethink. Mumbai's civic body not only provides a variety of services from your birth to death, it is also the largest civic body in the country, riding on a budget of Rs 21,097 crore for 2011-2012. In other words, the elected corporators for aamchi Mumbai deal with nearly three times the amount of money as those in Delhi and more than twice the amount as in Bangalore. (See 'City comparisons')Mumbaikars who haggle over every penny when it comes to their children's pocket money, ought to be more active in determining the expenditure of crores of taxpayer money. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan recently pointed out that the BMC's budget is larger than that of many states. The BMC budget is a little less than two-and-a-half times the Goa budget of Rs 8,000 crore and a whole Rs 5,000 crore more than the Himachal Pradesh budget.Look beyond the account books and the civic body rules your quality of life. It determines everything from certifying your loved ones' births and deaths, governing the water that runs in your taps, clearing the garbage and sewage from your neighbourhood, controlling the mosquitoes and rodents in your backyard and determining the future of gardens your kids play in. \"The basic essential services required for the daily life of citizens are in the hands of the BMC. The city can improve only through better policy makers and administrators, and the better the candidates you elect, the better your governance will be,\" said former civic commissioner D M Sukthankar. Mumbaikars should vote if they want a better quality of life, he said.It is, of course, difficult to find the optimism. A green patch without encroachments is hard to find in the city despite Rs 1,168 crore being allocated for the maintenance of gardens, open spaces, parks and playgrounds over five years. Clogged nullahs have unfailingly flooded roads over the same period, while the Mithi River's widening continues and the Brimstowad stormwater drain project totters through unmet deadlines. A ride on the city's potholed roads, particularly in the monsoons, assures a rollercoaster experience. Decisions, say insiders, are based on party politics rather than Mumbaikars' needs.This has resulted in fewer voters turning out at booths each election. Mumbai's voter turnout fell from 49% in the 1992 local polls to 46% in 2007, though aside from Kolkata the city's voter turnout doesn't differ significantly from that in other metros.But Sneha Palnitkar, of the All India Institute of Local Self Governance, doesn't believe in defeatist attitudes, pointing out that the civic body's performance should be measured in keeping with the strain of the city's burgeoning 1.1 crore population. \"Mumbai's water supply, for instance, is one of the best and cheapest in the country,\" she said, adding that citizens' participation in governance would help align the existing frameworks to changing needs. The fact that some 70-odd of the 2,233 candidates standing for elections are citizens' activists itself is a positive start.Malabar Hill resident and trustee of Citizens' Action Network, Indrani Malkani, pertinently pointed out that citizens should vote not just because it is their duty, but also because a larger voter turnout ensures that elected representatives actually represent the majority. \"It is very easy to say that candidates are not worth voting for. If we keep showing apathy towards the electoral system, the political parties won't ever be challenged to improve either the candidates they field or their performance,\" she pointed out.(With inputs from Sukhada Tatke &amp; Shawan Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878955", "title": "National People's Parlt in Delhi from March 19-23", "text": "NAGPUR: After mega success of anti-corruption drive led by Gandhian Anna Hazare, the activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) and other organizations would now be conducting 'National Jan Sansad (People's Parliament)' in Delhi from March 19-23 with corruption as main theme.\"Today we have finalized the dates of this national meet where over 500 delegates from different social organizations fighting against injustice will participate along with 5,000 people from across the country,\" social activist Medha Patkar told reporters on Monday. Other activists including Sunilam Suniti, Gautam Bandopadhyay, Vilas Bhongade, Manish Gupta, Gabriele Dietrich, Bhupinder Singh Rawat, and Gunwant Singh accompanied her.Lokshakti Abhiyan held in city concluded at Sarvodaya Ashram of Vinoba Vichar Kendra where activists from 12 states participated under Patkar and decided to hold this mega conference during parliament's budget session. \"Activists working on land rights, anti-corruption, mining, SEZs and from other people's movements across the country have pledged to join Jan Sansad in large number to take a step towards a true people's democracy,\" she said.Patkar, who is also on Team Anna's core committee, said Anna's movement had mobilized the young generation of the country and the momentum should be kept going. \"During first day, there will be discussion on Lokshakti campaign at three locations in the capital. On second day, discussion on key issues on the agenda would take place while on concluding day Jan Sansad resolution would be adopted, to be followed by protest march on Parliament,\" she added.\"Like farmers of Vidarbha who are committing suicides, people from all over country are suffering due to faulty policies that favour the companies while suppressing the poor, Dalits and other marginalized sections. We want equality across all sections,\" Patkar asserted. She said the activists were in favour of taking permission from Gram Sabha and Basti Sabha before any project like dams was sanctioned by the government.She earlier visited Brahmapuri in Chandrapur district and other villages in Bhandara and discussed various problems being faced by the villagers, including project-affected persons (PAPS) of Gosikhurd dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880095", "title": "BArch students meet Sibal, narrate woes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union minister of Human Resource Development Kapil Sibal on Tuesday promised to resolve the recognition issue of Faculty of Architecture by March 20.Interacting with a group of students at IMA auditorium in a seminar organised by National Students' Union of India ( NSUI), Sibal assured students of solving out their problem. The architecture students of Faculty of Architecture affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University ( GBTU) are agitated over their college being placed in 'no admission category' by Council of Architecture, as it does not fill the prescribed criteria. The students have been protesting to pressurise the university administration to do the needful since September last. A group of students, on Monday, rushed to meet the minister and handed over a memorandum of demands to the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11881341", "title": "Five booked for threatening Vishwajit Rane", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police arrested five persons from Usgao on Monday for allegedly threatening the Valpoi Congress candidate, Vishwajit Rane, on Sunday evening. They were on Monday released on bail granted by the Ponda judicial magistrate first class.According to Ponda police, five persons - Sanjay Gaude, Anant Gaude, Ankush Gaude (all residents of Nanus in Usgao), Dnyanesh Naik from Tankwada-Usgao and Nilesh Naik from Tiral-Usgao had allegedly restrained, abused and threatened Rane at Ghodegal in Usgao on Sunday evening.Police said the incident took place while Rane was on his election campaign with his party activists. Rane lodged a complaint at the Ponda police station late Sunday evening.Ponda police registered the offence under sections 341, 504, 506, 143 read with 149 of the Indian Penal Code.Goa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11880992", "title": "Samjhauta blast suspect's wife moves HC", "text": "INDORE: The wife of Kamal Chouhan, who was picked up from Moorkheda village by the National Investigation Ageny (NIA) in connection with the Samjhauta Express blast, moved a habeas corpus writ in the Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court on Monday, alleging he was illegally detained by the agency.Sixty-eight people were killed in the bomb blast on the Samjhauta express train bound from Delhi to Lahore, in February 2007Sources said Kamal was suspected to be linked to Ramji Kalsangra and Sandeep Dange, the key accused in the case, who are still at large.Seema Chouhan said in her petition that her husband went missing'' from their house on February 9. However, the NIA has shown his arrest as of 13 February, she later told mediapersons.Kamal Chouhan's father, Radheshyam Chouhan claimed that his son was innocent. \"He is not capable of doing anything so nefarious. He ise just a school drop out and had no intellectual capacity,\" he said adding Kamal was earning his livelihood from farming. Radheshyam also denied that his son would have ever known the Samjhauta blast suspects.Kamal has two daughters, the elder three years old and the other a 10-month old infant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11879237", "title": "Three NE writers picked for translation prize", "text": "GUWAHATI: An Assamese and a Manipuri writer were selected for the Sahitya Akademi Translation Prize for translating former President APJ Abdul Kalam's book and former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's poem in their respective languages. The duo, along with a Bodo writer, were the three people from the Northeast among the 22 writers selected for award.Suresh Sharma was selected for Sahitya Akademi Translation Prize for 2011 for 'Adamya Shakti', his English-to-Assamese translation of Kalam's 'Indomitable Spirit' by a three-member jury comprising of educationists and intellectuals. S Nandkishore Singh was conferred with the same award for his translated version of Atal Bihari Vajpayee's book of poetry, 'Kya Khoya Kya Paya', into Manipuri. His translated version was titled 'Kari Mangkhere Kari Phankhere'.Meanwhile, Bodo writer Hari Narayan Khakhlary was conferred with the same award for translating 'Volga se Ganga', a Hindi novel by Rahul Sankritayan, into the Bodo 'Volga nifrani Ganga'. All the winners will receive Rs 50,000 in cash and a copper plaque.One writer from Assam was also conferred the Sahaitya Akademi Yuva Puruskar for his book on essays. Arindam Borkakoti was selected for his book on essays titled 'Anusilon'. The awards were recommended by distinguished jury members representing the 24 major Indian languages and approved by the executive board of the Sahitya Akademi which met on Monday under the chairmanship of Sunil Banopadhya, president of Sahitya Akademi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883797", "title": "Villains return in Bollywood", "text": "Jab jab Mogambo khush hota tha, tab tab the audience would anticipate something evil to happen in the story. There was a time, when villians like Dr Dang, Gabbar Singh and Shakaal dominated the villainy scene in Hindi films.But soon, the villains vanished and instead, circumstances became the reasons for disharmony and chaos in Bollywood . But in recent times, we have seen the return of the villains. While in Dabangg, it was Chhedi Singh who caught our attention, there have been a number of other evil characters who've brought villainy back to Hindi films.Arjun Rampal in Ra.One: The actor didn't have much screen time in the film but as Ra.One, Arjun sure managed to get one up on G.One (played by Shah Rukh Khan ) most of the time.Vidyut Jamwal in Force: The newbie received critical as well as mass acclaim for his role in Force. With his chiselled frame, six-packs and an attitude to match, Vidyut was the apt choice to face hero John Abraham .Sanjay Dutt in Agneepath: As Kancha (played by Danny Denzongpa in the original Agneepath), Sanjay Dutt's role was more talked about than even hero Hrithik Roshan's.Shah Rukh Khan in Don 2: Everyone's favourite Khan does everything with style and in Don as well as Don 2, SRK was super cool and super hot as the villain.Priyanka Chopra in Saat Khoon Maaf: The film might not have done wonders at the box office, but Priyanka Chopra won the audience's heart as the girl looking for true love and in turn, killing seven husbands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878819", "title": "Temp swings mark winter end", "text": "NAGPUR: The yo-yoing temperatures, alternating between cold waves and warmer days, have sent Nagpurians in a tizzy. Just after hitting the lowest mark for a February night in four years, the minimum temperatures for the day shot up to 17.5 degrees celsius on Sunday night. The maximum temperature for the day, meanwhile, rose up to 33 degrees.Ironically, it was still one of the lowest minimum temperatures of the region, as minimum at Chandrapur rose to 21.5 degrees, which was the highest in the region. Akola, Buldhana, Brahmapuri, Washim, Wardha all had a minimum temperature higher than that in city. Only Gondia, Amravati, and Yavatmal had lower minimum. The maximum temperatures at most places also neared 35 degree mark.The weather may continue to be the same over the next few days, believe the weathermen. The officials at the met department said that till the end of the month, the winter could be said to be over. They said that it would keep blowing hot and cold for the next couple of weeks, with cold wave and 'normal winter' conditions prevailing alternately.\"The rise in temperature is a result of moisture laden winds blowing in from the Bay of Bengal . These winds called southerly or south-westerly winds make the place a little warmer and increase humidity as the process of cloud formation starts when they start blowing,\" explained an officer of the department.The normal or the expected minimum temperature in February in the city is around 15 degrees. During the cold wave conditions, this expected minimum temperature falls to 12 degrees or below. By these measures, till the time the winter season is still on, it is no unusual occurrence to have minimum temperatures swinging between 10 degrees and 17 degrees, reasoned the officials.In a few days as another western disturbance is expected to hit the northern part of the country, the ripple effect would also be felt in the city and region in the form of another cold wave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881899", "title": "National Women's Day forgotten in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: No events were organized to mark National Women's Day on Monday.February 13 is celebrated as National Women's Day of India. This day is celebrated in the memory of Sarojini Naidu, the first Indian women governor, who was born on February 13.In recognition of her works in the development of women in the country, members of Bhartiya Mahila Sangh and Akhil Bhartiya Mahila Sammelan proposed the birth day of Sarojini Naidu to be celebrated as National Women's Day of India.No one was bothered to even remember the day dedicated to fairer sex. No school, colleges and social organizations did anything to mark the day.Anita Dua, a social activist, said: \"If we go through the recent crime status of the city, one woman is raped everyday. Female child mortality is higher. The percentage of death due to dowry and sexual assault is more than 30 per cent as compared to other cities of the country.\"According to the recent health survey of the district, the city had gained as far as infant mortality rate is concerned but the maternal mortality ratio is rising.Laws were introduced in past few decades to empower women. The past decade has also witnessed a phenomenal increase in the number of violent crimes against women. The alarming statistics of crime against women had put a question mark on the implementation of laws.According to the experts, things cannot change unless women are empowered. Socio-economic independence is one way to do this. Allowing women to participate in governance is the other way.\"One of the biggest reasons that little or nothing seems to change for the Indian women is lack of strong and good law. Legislation is still awaited on anti-trafficking, sexual harassment at the workplace and the compulsory registration of marriages,\" said Rajni Agarwal, a lawyer. These laws have been on the anvil for years but not yet in the statute book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880174", "title": "Fifth phase to decide fate of more than 100 crorepatis", "text": "LUCKNOW: Out of 248 candidates put up by major political parties in the fifth phase of election, 76, i.e, 31% have criminal cases pending against them. A total of 118 (47%) candidates are crorepatis. These statistics have been released by the National Election Watch after analysing the affidavits of the candidates.The fifth phase polling will be on February 23 for 49 constituencies covering 13 districts. The Samajwadi Party has fielded 48 candidates in this phase, of whom 24 (50 %) have criminal records. Congress has fielded 14 (29 %), BJP 13 (28 %) and BSP 12 (24 %).As many as 35 candidates have been booked for serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and extortion. While SP has fielded 12 candidates with serious charges, Congress has eight, and BJP and BSP five each.Among major parties, average assets per candidate of BSP is Rs 1.54 crore, Congress Rs 3.74 crore, SP Rs 2.28 crore, BJP Rs 2.17 crore and JD (U) Rs 1.19 crore.About 61% candidates (153 of 248 analysed) are graduates and above.Out of 840 candidates contesting in fifth phase, only 90 (11%) are women. BSP has fielded four women, BJP nine, Congress four and SP five.Analysis of 26 MLAs recontesting in the fifth phase showed that their average growth of their assets between 2007 and 2012 was Rs 1.70 crore, i.e, an increase of 126%.Elections 2012 News  Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11880026", "title": "Valentine's Day: Every day is new for mayor, hubby", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the dawn of Valentine's Day sets on the horizon, and the city freshens for a brand new start, the couples are surely an excited lot. Hand-in-hand they walk together sharing their bond of love, all surrounded by red heart-shaped balloons. It is a day of promises to keep and new ones to make.However, a number of couples feel that it is not just one day that makes all the difference. In fact, love and respect for one another grow with the passage of time.Through joys, sorrows and struggle; senior advocate of the Punjab and Haryana high court R K Malik and his wife Rajbala Malik, who is UT mayor, carved their way to success. \"We married 39 years ago in 1973. I was 18-year-old and my husband was 20, and studying BSc first-year. We moved to the city and worked hard all time. Those days, there was no Valentine's Day. Our every day had something new for us,\" she says. \"My husband is really homely. He has always spent time with family and kids,\" she says, with a smile on her face.R K Malik says, \"The Valentine's Day celebrations can only be complete if one is loyal.\"Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11879019", "title": "First of its kind mother and child hospital at Karmagram", "text": "NAGPUR: The Sewagram-based Kasturba Health Society (KHS) had started the first of its kind, a full fledged mother and child hospital on January 1 this year at Karmagram (Utavali village) in Dharni taluka in Melghat with financial support by Brihad Bhartiya Samaj (BBS) in order to reduce the neonatal, infant and maternal mortality rate in the tribal belt.And to the delight of the doctors working for KHS, they successfully delivered the first ever caesarean baby (a boy) in the entire Melghat region on January 21. The mother, Sunanda Anil Selekar, a 22-year-old woman from Chikhli village was admitted to the hospital in labour pain 14 days after the due date. The baby was delivered by gynaecologists Dr Manjari Ramteke and Dr Nayana Kumar.It was a dream come true for Dr Ashish Satav, who has been working towards the reduction in infant and maternal mortality rate in the region for over two decades through the Mahan (Meditation, AIDS, Health, Addiction and Nutrition) trust which runs a general and eye hospital along with his ophthalmologist wife Dr Kavita Satav. \"I had been requesting the society for over a year to help us with this facility. I am really thankful to Dhirubhai Mehta and Shripad Halbe - the president and vice president of KHS - for the confidence they showed in me and decided to start the hospital and provide us not just the infrastructure but also MD doctors in gynaecology and paediatrics. BBS also gave Rs4 crore for financial support,\" he said speaking to TOI.Melghat is known to have a very high maternal mortality (300 per 1000 live births) and infant mortality (more than 60 per 1000 live births). Melghat has the highest maternal death cases as compared to rest of Maharashtra. Dr Rahul Poddar KHS paediatrician and Dr Vibhawari Dani, former dean of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) and a senior visiting paediatrician to Mahan since last one year were present at the time of the baby's birth. Dr Poddar has been posted as official paedictrican at the hospital.\"We already had the support of Dr Dani as a paediatrician and Jasihree Pendharkar, dietitian from CIIMS hospital from Nagpur. It's a matter of great pride for us that Melghat now has a modern maternal and child care facility. Even the government sector till now did not have one,\" said Dr Kavita.KHS has also posted Dr Shakuntala Chhabra as a visiting professor and officer on special duty for the new hospital. Dr Satav's parents Rambhau and Kamal have given their land for setting up the hospital. KHS would be posting MD doctors in both specialities for a period of one and half months on rotation basis to both increase their exposure to rural and difficult areas and continue their commitment for health care to poor and needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11880453", "title": "Tipsy cops on escort duty invites minister's ire, suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Consuming liquor while on pilot duty turned out to be sordid affair for three policemen of Rohtak after they invited the ire of public health minister Kiran Choudhary on Sunday night.Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma has suspended ASI Surender Kumar and constables Tej Pal and Vijander Singh while ordering departmental inquiries against the three.The incident took place when Kiran Choudhary was on way to New Delhi from Bhiwani. The three policemen were deployed on escort duty with Choudhary's cavalcade from Kalnaur to Rohtak.The cops did join the cavalcade but their vehicle went out of control and gave a tough time to the minister's cavalcade. After covering some distance, the minister asked the escort to stop and informed Rohtak SP after she found the three policemen drunk.Interestingly, the errant cops went elusive instead of reporting back at Kalanaur police station after SP Vivek Sharma made an abortive attempt to contact them on their wireless sets and mobile phones. They however reported at the police station in the wee hours of Monday.Acting on the directions of SP, the three were placed under suspension and were sent for medical examination to ascertain the extent of alcohol consumed by them. \"All the three have been placed under suspension after preliminary investigations indicted them for dereliction of duty and consumption of liquor. A DSP has been asked to conduct a regular inquiry. The three shall be posted at police lines during the time of proceedings,'' officials in Rohtak police said.ASI suspended for creating ruckus in civil hospitalDeputy commissioner of police (DCP) of Ambala on Monday placed an assistant sub-inspector (ASI), posted at Baldev Nagar, under suspension, after he was indicted for creating a ruckus in the civil hospital during late night hours of Saturday. The errant ASI, Kushal Pal Rana, was accused of going on a rampage and terrorizing medical and para medical staff on duty in the civil hospital on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878803", "title": "Find all candidates unworthy of vote? Exercise 49-O option", "text": "NAGPUR: All parties vying in Nagpur Municipal Corporation polls are going all out to get votes even if it means fielding candidates with tainted or criminal past. For educated citizen, the only option in such a scenario was to skip voting. A provision in voting rules, however, does provide such citizens to exercise their democratic right and also show disagreement with the candidates/parties in the fray. They can use \"Section 49-O (pronounced 'forty nine - oh')\" of the Conduct of Elections Rules, 1961, to go and register their intention not to vote.NMC commissioner and election officer Sanjiv Jaiswal told TOI that though such intentions of such voters would be registered, their numbers would not be counted nor have any bearing on election results. Still, if enough candidates in a constituency exercise their 'no vote' option, it may force parties to field better candidates. \"The directions from State Election Commission (SEC) are clear: If a citizen doesn't want to exercise his franchisee, his vote be counted as null. There would be no button on electronic voting machines ( EVM) saying 'no vote',\" he said.So far, this provision existed only on paper with even many polling officers unaware of it. No effort was made on part of the government or Election Commission to sensitize the voters about this provision that could make an impact. Even voters aware of it and wanting to use it were turned away by polling officials during last Lok Sabha and assembly polls in 2009.Collector Saurabh Rao, district election officer, told TOI that this time they had made necessary arrangements and had conducted awareness programmes for all 13 returning officers. \"We have explained to them this particular section and it is their responsibility to pass the information to their subordinates,\" he said.What Section 49-O says?The rule states that, \"If an elector, after his electoral number is duly entered in the register of voters called as Form 17A and has put his signature or thumb impression thereon, decided not to record his vote, a remark to this effect shall be made against his entry in the register by the presiding officer and the signature or thumb impression of the elector shall be obtained against such remark.(Form 17A is a register on which voters name is mentioned after he cast his vote. The register is kept with polling booth officials and those who want to exercise option of Section 49-O should ask them to write that they did not wish to vote in front of their names in the same register). If citizens still face problems they can contact control room for the elections or poll officers like corporation commissioner or district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11881716", "title": "Protein that can knock out HIV identified: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a pioneering research, scientists claim to have identified a protein that can knock out HIV, which causes AIDS, by starving it of raw materials it needs to reproduce .An international team, led by the NYU Langone Medical Center, says its research has in fact revealed a mechanism by which the immune system tries to halt spread of HIV, and harnessing this mechanism may pave the way for therapeutic research aimed at slowing the virus' progression to AIDS.\"A lot of research on viruses , especially HIV, is aimed at trying to understand what the body's mechanisms of resistance are and then to understand how the virus has gotten around these mechanisms,\" said team member Nathaniel R Landau in the 'Nature Immunology' journal.The research focused on a protein called SAMHD1. Recent studies have found that immune cells, called dendritic cells, containing the protein are resistant to infection by HIV. But it was not clear till now how it works to protect these cells.Now, Landau and his colleagues are able to provide an answer: When a virus, like HIV, infects a cell, it hijacks the cell's molecular material to replicate. That molecular material is in the form of deoxynucleotide triphosphates (dNTPs), which are the building blocks for DNA.Once the virus replicates, the resulting DNA molecule contains all the genes of the virus and instructs the cell to make more virus. The team found that SAMHD1 protects the cell from viruses by destroying the pool of dNTPs, leaving the virus without any building blocks to make its genetic information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11878830", "title": "\u2018Vote Cong back to power in UP\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If the state governments start reducing the duties being levied on petroleum products the price of petrol and diesel would come down drastically, opined the Union finance minister and senior Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee while speaking to newspersons here on Monday.On the issue of giving subsidy in different sectors, becoming a matter of concern for the Central government, he replied that \"our economy has the strength to overcome such situations and this is aptly reflected in the 7 percent GDP growth during the last few years.\"He disclosed that funds allocated to Uttar Pradesh by the 12th Finance Commission have increased more than two times because while it stood at Rs 1,32000 crore in 2005-10.On the contrary it has been enhanced to Rs, 3,21000 crore in 2010-15.This has given boost to schemes like MNREGA, NRHM, PM, Gramin Sadak yojana, Rajiv Gandhi Rural Drinking Water Supply scheme.When his attention was drawn towards the controversy generated by the statement of union law minister, Salman Khurshid and Election Commission taking strong exception to it, he said that \"every responsible person has to speak responsibly because Election Commission is a constitutional body. Moreover the Congress party has already articulated its view on the issue\".He informed that the ministry of Rural development has set up a Monitoring and Vigilance committee at the district level under the charge of senior most MP who would oversee the pace of development work in the rural areas.Earlier Mukherjee while addressing a meeting of central government employees at AG office crossing on Monday appealed to the voters to bring Congress back to power in the state in the light of the fact that it has a long history in the freedom struggle.He drew home the point that the party has focused on certain specific areas which would be looked after once the party assumes the reigns of power in the state.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bellary", "code": "11881422", "title": "Bellary varsity campus gets midday meals", "text": "BELLARY: The newly started Vijayanagara Krishnadevaraya University, Bellary, has entered into a MoU with the Akshaya Patra Foundation to provide hygienic and nutritious mid-day meals on its campus.The programme was launched on Monday. Iskcon has similar facilities in Bangalore University and Karnatak University, Dharwad. Students are to bear a cost of Rs 5; the rest will be paid by the university. But teachers and other faculty members are to pay Rs 10. The university administration has paid Rs 1.45 lakh to Iskcon.Prof Manjappa Hegde Hosamani, vice-chancellor of the university, informed TOI said that the facility was introduced keeping in mind poor students from surrounding rural areas.Most of them would skip the afternoon meal for want of good and affordable eateries or hostel mess. The response on the first day was tremendous, he said.Sai Reddy, a student on the campus, told TOI the food was hot and fresh - complete with a piece of sweet. The facility will save him Rs 300-400 a month.Iskcon has a state-of-the-art kitchen at Toranagal, near Jindal Steel Works, 38 km from Bellary, that provides mid-day meals to about 1.35 lakh primary and high school students in the district. It plans to open a kitchen in Bellary city soon to cater to the growing needs of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11881954", "title": "Every day is special for them", "text": "LUDHIANA: \"Whenever I express love to my wife, that day becomes Valentine's Day for us,\" says Onkar Pahwa, the MD of Avon Cycles.A resident of Model Town, Onkar says though it was an arranged marriage, he left no stone unturned in pleasing his wife. He would buy Sarabjit perfumes and bags, and all his tensions would evaporate at the sight of her smile.The 59-year-old industrialist says his wife used to give a list of things she needed whenever he would travel abroad. \"I would add a thing or two on my own to surprise her,\" he smiles. Sarabjit, 56, says for her, Valentine's Day is when her husband comes home from factory and tells her that they would take a holiday the next day. \"That would really surprise me and I loved going on those outings,\" she smiles.\"A dinner or movie together was nothing less than Valentine's Day for us. Thankfully, there was no such day at that time and I used to get many days to spend with him alone. Those memories are still fresh in my minds,\" she adds coyly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878197", "title": "Incessant showers bring back chill", "text": "VARANASI: A slight drizzle, followed by incessant rainfall in the afternoon, brought back the chill on Monday. According to meteorological department, the maximum temperature dipped to 21.9 on Monday while it was 25.4 on Sunday.The incessant rainfall also affected the traffic movement. The lack of sanitation at ghats and lanes was visible after the rainfall. Most of the areas remained covered with filth and garbage , leaving the roads and lanes slippery and caused trouble to the commuters.The roads at Chowkaghat, Pandeypur, Maldahiya, Nai Sarak, Godowlia, Ramapura, Luxa, Durgakund and Lanka remained gripped with traffic as all the offices, schools and colleges were reopened on Monday. The congestion was also visible in lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11879055", "title": "Water crisis, stir plague MCC", "text": "MYSORE: The water crisis has Mysoreans in trouble ahead of summer, leading to street protests against the Mysore City Corporation, with corporators taking potshots at the administration in the House on Monday. The problem will be discussed at length at a special meeting of the council on Tuesday to bring out solutions before the situation gets out of control, mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna informed the enraged members.The drinking water crisis that grips the city during the summer, especially in April and May, is already haunting the public. This, when the water level at the Krishnarajsagar dam, the primary source, is healthy. Usually the crisis begins when the water level plummets below 80 feet. But since last summer, the problem is attributed to remodelling of water supply network which is way beyond schedule. The water level at the KRS is 112.35 feet against its maximum level of 124.8 feet, sources told TOI. But there is a cause for worry. During the corresponding period, the level was at 117.23 ft, which could spell trouble with farmers and urbanites requiring the resource. The Rs 108 crore JNNURM Kabini water project, which was expected to be completed by the end of 2011, is unlikely to be commissioned till June. The Kabini project is designed to fetch 12 million gallons of water per day water from Kapila river to the fast growing south-western parts of the city. While the water level at the KRS is a cause for worry, the Kabini project, which could have helped ease the situation, is behind schedule.There is also a concern over water supply, a glimpse of which was on show during the council meeting. As soon as the meeting started, some of the members of the BJP walked to the well of the house seeking answers. Sporting black badges, the opposition members shouted at the mayor and sought answers from her.The enraged members were unrelenting even when Congress MLA Tanveer Sait and BJP MLC Thontadarya intervened. BJP member Sunanda Palanetra representing Vivekanandanagar said: \"I've been hounded by the people in my area. They have even tried to attack me and I've hurt myself when I tried to escape.\" The angry member told the mayor: \"You travel in the car. What about other members? Will you extend security to me?\"The ruling combine Congress and JD(S) members said they are also facing problems and asked for a debate. They blamed Jamshedpur Utilities and Services Company (JUSCO), a Tata enterprise, which is implementing the Rs 194-crore project to remodel the supply network, saying it is adding to the problem. The mayor insisted that she cannot allow it saying she has called a special meeting of the council on Thursday. Later, bowing to pressure, she advanced it to Tuesday.JD(S) corporator to represent MCCThree-time corporator K T Chaluvegowda of JD(S) was elected unanimously to represent the MCC in the Mysore Urban Development Authority. He will have a tenure of just a little over one year and will coordinate between the two urban bodies for planned growth and to sort of issues between the two bodies. The MUDA had reminded the MCC that it had not nominated one of its members to the urban body pressing the MCC to take up the issue. Though BJP fielded K Ramesh of ward 17 for the polls, it withdrew following request from JD(S) MLC Chikkamadu, who pointed at the unanimous election of the corporators on earlier occasions. Legislators Thontadarya, K R Mallikarjunappa, G Madhusudan (all BJP) and Congress MLAs M Satyanarayana and Tanveer Sait attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883896", "title": "Bidipta's not embarrassed to act out intimate scenes", "text": "The last time she acted on stage was 11 years ago. For Bidipta Chakraborty, it took a close to a dozen years to return to the stage. She acted in Debesh Chattopadhyay's \"Brain\" and needless to say, it was a satisfying feeling for the actor.From hubby Birsa Dasgupta, who was a little tense, to mother-in-law Chaitali Dasgupta, from father-in-law Raja Dasgupta to sister Sudipta Chakraborty, Bidipta had all her near and dear ones seated in the audience. Says Bidipta, \"The last play that I did was Theatrewala's \"Baghu Manna\". Then, our theatre group got disbanded. I also got busy with other work. In between, I was never really offered anything very interesting. I really liked Debesh's script and, hence, went ahead with the play.\" How did it feel to enact intimate scenes with Sujan Mukhopadhyay on stage what with her hubby and in-laws present in the audience? \"Sujan and I have grown up together. So, I am never embarrassed to do any play with him. For that matter, I am never embarrassed to do any scene with any co-actor. When I am on stage, my co-actors are my family. Who is there is the audience doesn't matter to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881607", "title": "Former sex workers serve sweet delights", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of 80-odd former commercial sex workers has found a new-and sweet-calling . The women are designing special heart-shaped chocolates for Valentine's Day .The Chembur office of Jagruti Mahila Mandal is an unlikely manufacturing unit. Each woman sits at a stove, melting cocoa, cream, fruit and nuts. Spoonfuls of gooey chocolate are then ladled into moulded trays, and after these are refrigerated , chocolates in various shapes and sizes are packed into ornate bouquets.\"We have been making chocolate for a year now, handing out samples at our meetings and seeking birthday party orders from our own community . Lately, we have turned professional . We are particular about hygiene and also source good quality raw material,\" said a woman who quit the flesh trade for her two children.The women are set to try out wine-flavoured chocolates. \"We are also exploring tie-ups with hotels/chefs,\" says Seema Sayyed of Aastha Parivar, which is mentoring the mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881903", "title": "Ten years jail term to three for printing fake currency", "text": "KANPUR: Additional district and sessions judge Raj Narayan Singh convicted three persons for printing counterfeit currency notes and punished them with ten years of rigorous imprisonment on Monday. A fine of Rs 21,000 each was also imposed.The sentenced persons were identified as Sonu, a resident of LIG in Barra, Guddu Singh Bhadoria of Rajeev Nagar in Naubasta and Gyanendra of Avas Vikas in Naubasta.The Naubasta police had arrested Sonu from Yashoda Nagar in May 1998 and recovered two counterfeit currency notes of Rs 1000 and 500 denominations and 26 notes of Rs 100 notes.Sonu's interrogation revealed that Guddu Singh Bhadoria was running the counterfeit currency racket. The police raided his den and arrested him. Bhadoria said that Gyanendra was also involved in printing of fake currency.A police party raided his house and seized counterfeit currency notes to the tune of Rs 3,91,400. The notes were in 100, 500 and Rs 50 denomination. Non-judicial stamp papers, computers, scanners and printers were also recovered. The non-judicial stamps papers had prints of Rs 500 currency note.Bail application: The district judge will hear the bail application of Surendra Bhukia, a third-year student of IIT-Delhi, on Tuesday. The Delhi IITian was arrested by the Kalyanpur police on complaint of a girl studying in IIT-Kanpur.Bhukia's first bail application was rejected by the additional chief metropolitan magistrate (second) on Friday. His counsel had moved another bail application in the court of district judge and court had fixed February 14 for its disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11879541", "title": "Rented homes a safe haven for criminals", "text": "PANCHKULA: Beware of those residing in your neighbourhood in a rented accommodation or as a paying guest (PG). As, most of the recent cases show that criminals are operating from rented accommodations in Panchkula to run their opium, gambling and flesh trades.\"The house owners are only bothered about their rent. It doesn't matter to them who is staying in their house. Criminals know this and take advantage of it,\" said in-charge of Crime Investigation Agency (CIA) inspector Karamvir Singh.\"Usually, most of them are outsiders. And if some of them have their houses in or around Panchkula, they still prefer rented accommodations as they do not want to disclose their businesses to their families,\" he added.Of several cases reported recently wherein criminals had taken houses on rent, police verification of tenants was done in none.\"Some time back, police had started door-to-door tenant and PG verification project. But they are hardly doing anything now,\" said Vikas Goel, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula.\"Nowadays, even paying guests who present themselves as students and IT professionals are involved in illegal activities. Earlier, some boys and girls used to visit a flat next to mine. Later, it was found that sex racket was operating from there,\" said Raj Kumar , a resident of Sector 20, Panchkula.Panchkula deputy commissioner of police Maneesh Chaudhary said, \"As criminals prefer rented accommodations to operate, we keep on insisting that tenant and paying guest verification be done. Section 144 was imposed for this reason only.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881026", "title": "Man arrested for killing sister\u2019s pet", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old man was arrested on Monday morning for stamping his sister's puppy to death at Tambaram in a fit of rage on Sunday. S Pushpanathan, lives with his wife near his sister Mohanapriya's house.He went to her house in a drunken state on Saturday night and killed his sister's puppy Lara by stamping the animal on its neck as he was allegedly angry with his sister over a family dispute.Mohanapriya, an MBA student, said that Pushpanathan showed the anger against her puppy following a quarrel with her and their elder brother Jayaperumal.She was fond of her puppy since it was a gift from a brother who died.The family informed the Blue Cross and subsequently a police complaint was lodged. Tambaram police filed an FIR against Pushpanathan under IPC and Prevention of Cruelties to Animals Act. He absconded on Saturday night, but was arrested on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881519", "title": "JVLR bridge opens, but blocks stay", "text": "MUMBAI: Rakesh Panpaliya, who drives to his Goregaon office every day from Airoli via the Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link road (JVLR) was thrilled on Monday morning when he took just 5 minutes to cross the otherwise jammed Kanjurmarg ROB. On other days, he has to wait nearly 30 minutes for the same.The widened ROB was unceremoniously opened to the traffic on Monday after almost three years of frustrating delay . However, Panpalia's happiness was ruined in the next 10 minutes when he reached the IIT-B and Hiranandani stretches of JVLR where the heavy traffic from the ROBside took an extra 15/20 minutes to pass during the peak morning rush hour. This is the second such opening during the ongoing code of conduct for civic elections after the Burfiwala flyover in Andheri.There are several hurdles still to be removed, \"First the narrow stretch towards Radhakrishna restaurant, which is yet to be widened, the portion of Hanuman temple which still exists in the middle of the road near the IIT at Powai , and the narrow stretch of the four-lane along L&T; Infotech Park still slows traffic. At these points, the JVLR is unable to offer smooth exit to fast moving traffic from the newlywidened ROB,\" rued Panpaliya , a structural engineer.In the meantime, traffic officials claim that the ROB was only open for Jogeshwaribound traffic and not Vikhrolibound traffic, in the evening.A long-standing problem on the JVLR that's yet to be resolved by the MMRDA is the temple controversy. The MMRDA and the temple trustees held talks to shift the shrine to a nearby site. An alternate site was readied but the talks broke down. The idol of Ram was shifted to the alternate site but that of Hanuman remained in the temple. Talks are now on to get another temple to shift Hanuman's idol. MMRDA officials want to finish the JVLR work as fast as possible. \"We are sure of getting the temple trustees to agree to shift the Hanuman idol in the next month. The JVLR will then be complete,'' they said.Similarly, a portion of road towards Radhakrishna restaurant in Powai is yet to be acquired to widen the road. MMRDA officials said talks were on to resolve the issue. At Hiranandani signal, the MMRDA officials refused to admit that there was any hurdle to traffic movement, saying that the signal was necessary due to the heavy flow of traffic. They have refused to entertain proposals to build a flyover over the existing signal. In the stretch along the L&T; Infotech area, the road is a narrow fourlane against the six-lane width of JVLR which results in causes snarls. \"Though there are small hurdles, we are taking steps to resolve them soon,\" said an MMRDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880300", "title": "Priyanka backs Salman Khurshid's right to speech", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing hope that the war of words between Union law minister Salman Khurshid and the Election Commission on the sub-quota for Muslims issue would be sorted out soon, the Congress's star campaigner Priyanka Gandhi on Monday sought to play down the row. Everyone, she said, was free to voice his or her opinion during elections and so was the EC. Speaking to reporters in Rae Bareli, Priyanka said, \"We are a democracy. The EC is also free to give its opinion. Matter is between two constitutional bodies. Such things happen during elections but I am confident that matter will be resolved soon.\"Last week, EC had rapped Khurshid for violating the model code of conduct when he said in a public meeting while campaigning for the UP polls that if voted to power, the Congress would increase the Muslim sub-quota in OBC category from 4.5% to 9%.Khurshid brushed aside the warning and declared that he cared little and that even if he were \"hanged by the EC\", he would still fight for the cause of poor Muslims. \"If they want to hang me they can... We will change the fate of the poor even if we have to go against EC,\" Khurshid said at a rally in Farrukhabad. Following this, the EC wrote to President Pratibha Patil complaining about Khurshid's \"defiant attitude\" over EC's censure. The EC then replied saying his behaviour was \"unprecedented\". The EC in its letter to the President said: \"The commission is shocked that instead of being remorseful about violation of the model code, the minister has chosen to be defiant and aggressive. This is unprecedented.\"Earlier, Priyanka had also backed union home minister P Chidambaram in the 2G spectrum allocation after he was given clean chit by the trial court. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880018", "title": "Doctors oppose registration rule", "text": "MUMBAI: The medical fraternity's protest over the Maharashtra Medical Council's (MMC) requirement of 12 hours of continued medical education (CME) to get a re-registration is getting shrill.Maharashtra's 80,000-odd doctors have to submit their CME certificates to the MMC before February 29.Senior doctor and medical ethicist Arun Bal, founder-member of the Association for Consumers' Action on Safety &amp; Health, has recently written a letter to MMC president Kishor Taori to protest against this precondition. The CME precondition for renewal of registration is illegal, he has held.The CME precondition was added when the MMC was dissolved by the Bombay HC over corrupt electoral practices. In the 20 years that it took the council to be elected again, a state government-appointed administrator was in charge. It was one of the MMC administrators, Dr D N Lanjewar, who added the CME clause. \"But this clause was never made into an amendment and included in the MMC Act,'' said a senior doctor, requesting anonymity.Dr Bal said the MMC Act only requires a payment of Rs 500 and a prescribed form for re-registration. \"The Medical Council of India (MCI) recommends that doctors gather CME hours but hasn't made it mandatory. Moreover, the MCI Act states that every MBBS graduate has the right to practice.\"When contacted, MMC president Dr Kishor Taori said that CMEs keep doctors abreast with developments. \"MMC administrators were appointed by the state. So the rules they made are legal. Hence, 12 CME points are needed for re-registration,\" he said. Regarding the problems faced by doctors in getting the required CME hours, he said it was the job of the concerned medical associations to help their members out.Moreover, Dr Taori said that CMEs are important in order to update doctors. India is going to export doctors to the world. How can we not take CMEs seriously?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880397", "title": "Man arrested with weapons", "text": "Special branch one of the Mumbai police arrested a man from Bihar who smuggled seven sophisticated weapons into the city on Monday. The police said the seizure assumes significance in the wake of the February 16 civic elections. Sub-inspector S Shirsagar and her team laid a trap and arrested Javed Alam Mustafa Shabbir alias Guddu (36) after a search of his baggage resulted in the recovery of six revolvers and a pistol.All weapons had US markings but police said they were country-made and the value of each would be Rs 50,000-1 lakh. Crime branch unit 7 had seized around a dozen similar weapons from Ghatkopar in January. \"The accused claimed to have worked as an assistant with HDFC Bank in Mumbai for two years but we are verifying the details,'' said additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar. Guddu, who hails from Patna in Bihar, and his relatives stay at Bhulabhai Desai Road, Paraskar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11879039", "title": "Youth held for kidnapping and abusing minor girl", "text": "MYSORE: A 20-year-old boy from Bellary, who has been accused of physically abusing a minor girl, is now cooling his heels in jail.Krishna Nayak, 20, has been charged with illegal detention, rape and kidnap under the IPC.The 16-year-old victim, who also hails from Bellary and knew the accused closely, told police that Krishna kidnapped her from her workplace near Bannur in mid-January and took her to an isolated place where he forcibly confined her to a room for a month. Her family had filed a kidnap complaint on January 15 when she failed to come home.According to the victim, Krishna abused her physically daily but she somehow managed to escape from his custody and reached Bannur on Sunday and explained the incident to her brothers. Later, they filed a complaint against him.A group of labourers including the girl's family and the accused from Bellary had migrated to Mysore few months ago and were working as agricultural labourers at Thuraganur village in Bannur police limits.The victim escaped from the mega poultry farm a few days ago and went to her native place, Hoskote, but disclosed the incident to her family members on Sunday.Police investigation revealed that Krishna lied to the poultry farm owner that the girl was his wife and stayed there for a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881874", "title": "G-block residents in Gujaini to boycott elections", "text": "KANPUR: The residents of G-block in Gujaini have also decided to boycott the elections on February 23.The residents blamed that the contractor who had been asked by Jal Kal department to maintain sanitation in the area, has not performed his duty. As a result, the sewage lines in the area are chocked and the sewage water is overflowing on the roads. Foul smell emanates from sewage and makes it difficult for them to survive.The locals protested in this regard and came out on the road. They raised anti-government slogans and pledged that they would not cast votes this time in protest.The locals claimed that they said that they have to pay to the sweepers to get the drains cleaned.Some of the residents said that they pool in money and get the sewage lines cleaned. Despite repeated complaints, no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11880936", "title": "Button dyers under scanner for polluting Noyyal", "text": "COIMBATORE: The garment button dyeing industry workers of Tirupur have hit the panic button following the closure of 120 of their units in the knitwear hub over the recent weeks. These units were asked to shut shop and cease operations after the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board ( TNPCB) officials found that they were discharging coloured residual water mixed with dye solvents into open drains and channels of the Noyyal river.As many as 2,000 workers directly involved with button dyeing units scattered across the city and nearby areas are in a tight spot as a result of these developments, claimed the office bearers of Small Industries Button Zippers and Accessories Lab Association (SIBLA), Tirupur. This ancillary sector dependent on the garment cluster is yet to get organised and the SIBLA is the sole registered body with over 300 units each engaging about three to five workers.\"We do not use any toxic dyes and our process is also not as mechanised and complex as garment dyeing. The officials have claimed that as per the court ruling we cannot discharge coloured effluent water into the open drains and they are sealing off the button dyeing units. Our members also observed a one day fast and have called for suspension of production till authorities take a favourable stand in the issue,\" said R Muthaiyyan, secretary, SIBLA, Tirupur.Most of the button dyeing units function out of rented sheds and congested areas in residential areas in the city. They procure finished plastic buttons from wholesale agents in Delhi, Chennai and Hyderabad and stockpile them in Tirupur. Based on the orders received from the garment units in Tirupur, these buttons are immersed in polyester and nylon dye solutions after they are heated in big open containers. After the buttons are dyed in the desired shades then it is taken out of the solution and dried to be stitched on to the garment. \"Most of the units do let out the remaining solution into open drains but the quantity and the dissolved salt levels are minimal when compared to the garment dyeing and bleaching units and hence the pollution control board officials should not use the same yardstick against us,\" Muthaiyyan said.However, R Kannan, district environmental engineer, Tamil Nadu State Pollution Control Board (TNPCB), Tirupur, told TOI that the button dyeing units should also comply with the existing norms and cannot discharge coloured solvents into open drains and the river channels. He also added that these solutions contain chloride and sulphate salts which are not supposed to be openly discharged into the open. \"We have received a petition from the SIBLA requesting us not to take action against the button dyeing units. So far 120 units have been sealed for letting out coloured effluents,\" Kannan said.It is also being mooted that the button dyeing units should get organised and set up a common base in the garment cluster near the Common Effluent Treatment Plants so that they could ensure they are follow the zero effluent discharge norms devised as per the court directive. However, a majority of the units might face practical difficulties in adopting this method as they are extremely small scale in nature with minimum workforce and mechanisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880311", "title": "Waste woes linger on", "text": "In the last five years, the BMC has spent over Rs 700 crore on solid waste management, but little has changed. The civic body spends about Rs 300 crore a year on garbage collection and disposal, but complaints are rampant. There are 5,800 garbage bins across 3,700 collection spots in the city and 1,100 vehicles to collect and transport about 6,500 tons of waste generated to dumping grounds every day.The BMC allocated Rs 279 crore in the 2011-12 budget to keep the city litter-free. Several schemes like the slum adoption scheme (Rs 49 crore), clean area scheme (Rs 27 crore), manning and mopping programme (Rs 26 crore), removal of refuse (Rs 170 crore) and cleaning of seashores and beaches (Rs 5 crore) were launched. The BMC is currently working towards scientific closure of the Deonar dumping ground. The project also entails setting up plants to process 2,000 metric tons of solid waste at Deonar, 4,000 metric tons at Kanjurmarg and 500 metric tons at Mulund. The civic body has allocated Rs 131 crore for this project.Scientific closure of the Gorai dumping ground was completed in 2009, but 5,500 tons of waste are now dumped at the Deonar facility was well beyond its capacity in the early 1990s.Rajkumar Sharma, president of the Advanced Locality Management and Networking Action Committee in Chembur, said, \"Absolutely nothing happened in the last five years. Look at talk of scientific closure of Deonar. They should not have shut Gorai unless they had an alternative. There is no planning on solid waste management.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879513", "title": "Stepmom sent to jail custody till Feb 23", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra court on Monday sent the stepmother of the seven-year-old girl, who was allegedly tortured for two months by her, to jail custody till February 23.Aarti Thakur (24) was re-arrested on February 8 and sent to custody till Mondayafter the Bandra court revoked her bail application granted to her on February 1, a day after she was first arrested. The court will look into Aarti's bail plea on Wednesday.The Dharavi police picked up Aarti on the basis of the victim's complaint that she had been tortured and branded with hot spoons after her father, Sujit, brought her to the city from Bihar in November last year. \"The stepmother has confessed that she branded the girl with hot spoons and beat her up with sticks,\" deputy commissioner (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI. \"She said she was against her husband's wish of getting the girl enrolled at a school.\" in the coming academic year.\"The girl is now recuperating at JJ Hospital and the medical report will be submitted to the Child Welfare Committee on Friday. \"Based on the girl's status report submitted on February 17, the CWC will fix the date and time to decide her fate,\" said Dharavi police assistant inspector Vishwanath Shelar.Shelar said the CWC would tell whether the girl should be handed over to her grandparents in Bihar or sent to a childcare centre in the city. \"The child's grandfather, Sukhnandan Thakur, arrived in Mumbai from Muzaffarpur last Thursday,\" They wanted her custody but the CWC will take the final decision four days later,\" he said.The victim's grandparents, in the statement, told the police that they have been looking after their grandchild ever since her mother died three years ago due to illness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879252", "title": "RPF number in Kerala to go up", "text": "KOCHI: The attack on women passengers in a train on Thursday seems to have awakened the Railway Protection Force (RPF) from its deep slumber.According to a highly placed source, Southern Railway is now putting pressure on the Railway Ministry to address the security issues that Kerala and Tamil Nadu have been facing.A senior security official said Railways had tagged security upgradation as high priority and that talks were on with the ministry to give due importance to this recommendation in the ensuing Railway Budget.V K Dhaka, chief security commissioner of Southern Railway, said improving security had always been given importance and that 2,000 new recruits would soon join the force. \"At present, security is being manned by a meagre 700 plus RPF force. We are finding it difficult to cover all the trains and stations with them. So our strategy is to trace trains and stretches that require RPF presence and increase our strength in these areas,\" he said.Meanwhile, preparations are also underway to train women RPF personnel for using AK-47 rifle, a security official of Thiruvananthapuram division told TOI. \"The first batch of women RPF staff in constable and head constable categories will soon be recruited and trained at Khajamalai, near Tiruchirrapilli,\" he said.\"It is unfortunate that absence of RPF resulted in attack on passengers. The force is expected to add more numbers to its fold. Police helpline numbers will be pasted inside all compartments. We request people to notify us in case of trouble,\" the official added.Preparations are also underway to train women RPF personnel for using AK-47 rifle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11880890", "title": "Daughters tweet support for Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: After keeping a low profile on micro-blogging site Twitter for a while, president Asif Ali Zardari's two daughters are out to defend their father at a time when the PPP-led government is facing challenges from the judiciary and the military.Bakhtawar and Aseefa Bhutto-Zardari , who have focused on 'safe' tweets in the past year or so, are back with a bang by saying things such as, \"PPP is not a party of cowards\" . \"People cry over immunity but forget my father spent 11-and-a-half-years in prison without a single conviction,\" Bakhtawar said in a tweet.\"Jails don't scare us,\" she said. Aseefa, the youngest daughter, tweeted on Sunday: \"PM Gilani standing tall in the face of adversity; doing justice to the position and legacy of ( Benazir Bhutto ) and (Zulfliqar Ali Bhutto ). Proud of him.\" Elder sister Bakhatawar's tweets were more hardhitting . \"For eleven (and) ahalf-years a lady has fought in every city in Pakistan , across every continent in the country 2 prove her innocence,\" she wrote while quoting her late mother. In another Tweet on Benazir, Bakhtawar wrote that \"there is not only the Supreme Court but there is the court of the people and the court of history\"She also re-tweeted posts by PPP followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879774", "title": "India, US aim to develop single-shot vaccine for Foot &amp; Mouth Disease by 2030", "text": "NEW DELHI: In its effort to eradicate the deadly Foot &amp; Mouth Disease (FMD) in animals by 2030, India has joined hands with the US to jointly develop a new-age single-shot vaccine.According to the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) more than 528 million livestock population are under the constant risk for FMD. The direct loss of this disease is estimated to be about Rs 20,000 crore per year apart from indirect losses.India is producing about 300 million doses of trivalent vaccine per annum, and the demand is expected to go up to 600-800 million doses in the next three-five years once ICAR rolls out FMD vaccination to all the districts.While the virus killed vaccine available needs to be injected twice in cattle in a single year as it provides protection for six months against FMD, the new vaccine hopes to protect cattle through a single prick.Dr B Patnaik, chief of All India Coordination Project on FMD, said, \"This project is a collaboration among Indian Vaccine Research Institute, Bangalore; Plum Island Animal Disease Centre in the US and the All India Coordination project on FMD in Mukteswar. We will start the trials soon, and results will be known in six months.\"He added the new recombinant clone adenovirus virus base vaccine will be sturdier, require less cold storage and be more effective than the present vaccine.According to Professor K M L Pathak, deputy-director general of ICAR, FMD is one of the most dangerous trans-boundary animal diseases.\"Since it is difficult to cull animals once infected with the deadly FMD, we are strengthening our vaccination efforts much like the human polio vaccination drive. Our target is to vaccinate 100% animals, mainly goat, sheep, buffalo and cows. Now, vaccination is on in 54 districts. We plan to extend it to 100 districts this year, and then the entire country during the 12th Plan,\" Professor Pathak told TOI.Harish Rawat, minister of state for agriculture, said ICAR is keen to establish a high-security regional FMD reference laboratory to expedite diagnosis.He added that the \"immediate objective of ICAR is to develop technologies for control of FMD in India with ultimate goal of eradication of FMD by 2030.\"Dr Subhash Morzaria from the Emergency Centre for Trans-boundary Animal Disease of FAO in Bangkok said that livestock is getting importance for food security in south Asia.\"To double the milk production by 2025, India has to control FMD,\" Morzaria added.Keith Sumption, secretary of FAO, said that south Asia is one of the seven major areas affected by FMD.FMD is a highly contagious viral disease of cloven-hoofed animals. The disease is characterized by the formation of fluid-filled blisters and erosions in the mouth, nose, teats and feet. Although not very lethal in adult animals, it causes serious production losses and is a major constraint in international trade.It is a complex disease caused by a group of related but distinct viruses, collectively named FMD virus (FMDV). The disease caused by these viruses is clinically indistinguishable and infection with any one serotype does not confer immunity against another. Although mortality is usually low (less than 5%), morbidity can reach 100% and cause severe losses in production.This is why FMD is considered as the single biggest global threat to trade in livestock and livestock products in FMD-free countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881743", "title": "Listening to music costs collegian his life on Kurla tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: A collegian, engrossed in listening to music on his phone, could not hear an approaching train and was mowed down at Kurla station on Monday. Saurabh Pendkar, 20, was rushed to the Rajawadi Hospital where doctors declared him dead. Central Railways have been conducting numerous campaigns against dangers of track crossing, which is also a criminal offence , but have been unable to drive the point home.Saurabh stayed at Chembur with his brother and parents . He was studying for his Bachelors degree in the science stream at Ruia College, Matunga (central).Around 8.30 am, Saurabh was crossing the tracks from platform number five to four. Police officials said he may have wanted to change trains from the harbour line to the central line to travel to Matunga . \"Saurabh was engrossed in music and had his headphones on. While crossing the tracks, he did not spot the Pushpak Express (down) heading in his direction in great speed. Other commuters shouted out a warning to him, but in vain. The motorman of the train couldn't halt in time and Saurabh was crushed,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Dhumal . The motorman informed the station manager who summoned the GRP. After Saurabh was declared dead at the hospital , his body was sent for a post-mortem examination.\"Saurabh was carrying a college identity-card . We got in touch with the college management who provided the contact numbers of Saurabh's parents . But when we called them , they were at Paithan in Aurangabad for a wedding. Saurabh's brother is likely to claim his body,\" Dhumal added. Police sources said Saurabh's college bag and two cellphones were found on the train tracks. A case of accidental death has been registered.A Central Railway (CR) spokesperson said they were in the process of constructing a boundary wall along the entire length of 156 kms.Past CasesIn early 2010, a young BPO employee died after being hit by a train in Koparkhairane . She was talking on her cellphoneIn December 2010, a 19-yearold boy too was run over by a train in Navi Mumbai while using his cellphone t Railway officials say an average of six to eight trackcrossing deaths are reported in the suburban section everyday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879960", "title": "Aspiring housing society managers to take exam in May", "text": "MUMBAI: The first set of housing society managers are set to roll out this year.Following a large number of complaints from co-operative housing societies-there are over 70,000 co-operatives societies in the state and nearly 40,000 in the Mumbai-Thane belt-the state co-operative department has decided to make it mandatory for every society to have a manager to streamline its affairs. To make this possible, the state government is holding the first examination for a diploma in housing in May this year.\"For several years, we have been conducting exams for a diploma in housing society audits. Now, we will hold exams for those who wish to be housing society managers. There are six papers for each diploma exam. Four papers are common to both and two are different as they are subject specific. If a person wishes to be both an auditor and manager, she/he will have to appear for eight papers,'' said R Devara, secretary, co-operatives department, adding that the notification for the examination will be issued shortly.Two months ago, the department had issued a manual to help society members run its affairs smoothly. \"The manager's task will be to aid the managing committee, whether it is to attend to complaints of leakage, collecting society dues, etc. The manager does not take decisions nor signs cheques for the society,'' said officials.\"The appointment of a housing society manager should be left to the discretion of the society as many would not be able to afford the services of a manager. But a trained housing society manager would be able to handle affairs more effectively. Perhaps a group of societies could come together and appoint a manager,'' said D S Vader, former chairman Mumbai District Cooperative Housing Society Federation. He added that in a large number of societies, office-bearers did the job free of cost as a social commitment.\"It is a good idea that societies will be managed professionally. A lot of retired persons are employed on a honorary basis. The knowledge will help them. But since it involves a financial burden, the government must first make it voluntary rather than mandatory,'' said Utsal Karani, secretary, Janhit Manch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881044", "title": "Teachers gripe about system that pampers students", "text": "CHENNAI: On Friday, a day after a city school teacher was stabbed by her student reportedly for admonishing him repeatedly, another school teacher in another part of the city was told by her student that she ought to watch out as \"a knife was not expensive to buy\".The teacher confided to a colleague that the comment made her nervous as she had just pulled up the student for not doing his homework. Even though teachers admit they are trying hard to keep discussions about the incident away from school, the murder seems to be what is most talked about nowadays.The teaching community's first reaction to the incident was that it was an unfair world and teachers are admitting that while they are constantly being pulled up for hurting a child's feelings even at the slightest prod, there was no security of life for them.\"As soon as a student complains to his parents that a teacher has scolded him, the parent rushes to the child's defence without hearing the teacher out. We are always cautioned against indulging in corporal punishment when we try to discipline students, but we are left defenseless,\" says Swarnalatha of the Tamil Nadu High and Higher Secondary School Teachers Association.The teacher comes under pressure from all sides, she says. While the school management insists on a 100% pass, children are unable to take the academic pressure. But nobody cares about the mental or physical pressures on the teacher. Schools also felt that the incident should make the government take another look at their policies. \"The 'all-pass' policy has damaged the schooling system.\"A child is passed from one class to the next till Class 8 without question, and from class nine onwards the pressure mounts when they try to learn everything they have not bothered to until then. It's much easier and wiser to teach a younger child the basics than trying to teach everything he has failed to learn in the last eight years. Then they will not feel so taxed,\" says N Ramasubramanyan, founder of Sri Natesan Vidyasala Matriculation Higher Secondary School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11878968", "title": "7 killed in road mishap", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At least seven persons, including a woman and a teenager, were killed and eight others sustained injuries when a tempo carrying them collided head-on with a speeding SRTC bus near Malasia village under Soraon police circle, on Monday.Six persons died on spot while one succumbed to injuries in a hospital. Two deceased were identified as Luvkush (6) of Pratapgarh and Yogesh (18) of Malaq Harhar. Efforts are underway to identify the remaining bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884079", "title": "Love is the most important emotion: Dhanush", "text": "Dhanush is a romantic at heart and is equally passionate about his family and acting! In a heart-toheart with CT, the Kolaveri di... star talks about love and life this Valentine's DayLove for me is... The most important emotion. You laugh, you cry, you get excited. Similarly, you feel love. It can happen to you more than once as well. I've fallen in love with some of the characters that I'm paired opposite in my films like Thulasi (Adhu oru Kana Kalam) and Yamini (Mayakkam Enna).Love, Breakup and Zindagi In this day and age, you are exposed to a lot of things. If you aren't happy in a relationship, there's no point in staying in one. It's painful to live a fake, unhappy life.The Superhit Formula... There are three things that make a relationship work. You've to respect each other for what you are; give each other space to maintain individuality and you have to trust the other person more than you trust yourself. Also, whatever happens within the four walls have to remain within them. You must never let a third person, even if it's your parents, to interfere.'Rumours don't affect us' Aishwaryaa wooed me (laughs), but our love for each other is mutual. We don't let rumours affect our relationship. Life chose her for me, and we've made a happy home together. We adore our two kids - Yaatra and Linga - and we've done everything to make them happy.Most romantic Valentine's Day Once, I took Aishwaryaa for a romantic dinner a day before Valentine's Day. When we returned home, I waited till she slept, and decorated our room with 15,000 red roses, which I'd flown in all over. I'd also placed gifts at different corners of our rooms, with notes that led to them. She was crying with joy when she woke up and saw what I had done for her. And the finale for the V-Day was that I took her to Phuket that evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878607", "title": "Serenading the voters with Ooh La La and Chikni Chameli", "text": "NAGPUR: In the build up to the municipal elections, candidates are leaving no stone unturned to get their message across to the voter. And throwing all noise pollution norms to the winds, political parties are playing out parodies of hit Bollywood numbers to run their high decibel campaigns.Singers and lyricists have been hired to compose and sing songs which are recorded in music studios and then played out in the streets to woo the voters. Most popular are the recent hits like Kolaveri Di, Ooh La La Ooh La La, Jhinka Ka Chika and Chikni Chameli.There are two ways of doing it. One is fitting simple and loosely cobbled lyrics on the track of a popular song, which is played out in the slums and on the roads to attract the attention of the voter. But the more tasteful way of doing it is to get a song composed and set to music by a song writer and composer. The cost ranges from Rs 1,500 to Rs 20,000 for a song, depending on whether only lyrics are being substituted or an entire song is being created.Manoj Salpekar, a song writer, is much in demand in this election. He has written songs for almost every political party in the fray. He says, \"Politicians like Devendra Fadnavis, Sandip Joshi and even Vilas Muttemwar always prefer to get exclusive songs written and set to music.\" Salpekar finds writing songs for political parties tricky work. \"I have to understand the party ideology and get into that frame to be able to write convincing lyrics. When I write for BJP, I have to understand the party philosophy and also how well can the party symbol lotus be used in the song. But when I do this for Congress, I take into consideration the long list of illustrious leaders, right down to Rahul Gandhi and then connect the local candidate with this hierarchy.\"The music CDs of these customized songs are played out on music players kept in autorickshaws, which drive around the city. Singer Sarang Joshi, who has lent his voice to many such numbers this elections season, says, \"The manner in which these songs are played make them totally ineffective. The auto keeps moving around town and nobody gets to hear the full lyrics. They just help in building up the right mahaul or mood.\"But candidates differ on this. Mostly these songs are played out in the slums and the youth and kids there love to dance on them and even sing them out. This connects the voters to a symbol and also motivates them to vote for that party.Babli Meshram, one of the candidates, feels that it is a good enough method of canvassing. \"In the previous polls, a candidate Nandu Sharma had the election symbol of a car. He had got a parody done on an old song which went Nandu Bhai Ki Motor Chali Pam Pam Pam. It was a big hit and made him and his symbol popular. But having said so, we all admit that such songs do not work in upscale localities as the residents there get irritated by the noise pollution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880262", "title": "Bombay HC orders shifting of four more polling booths", "text": "NASHIK: The Bombay High Court on Monday ordered shifting of four more polling stations in ward number 27 of the Nashik Municipal Corporation for the civic polls scheduled for February 16.The order comes after the administration shifted four polling stations that were concentrated in a particular area in ward number 27 and were housed in the institutions run by a candidate. But in the meeting held on Sunday, other candidates have objected to the new locations.BJP candidates Satish Shukla and Sunanda Barve and MNS candidates Meena Chaudhary and Ankush Pawar had objected to setting up of polling centres in proximity to each other, concentrated in the area of a Congress candidate and also housed in NMC property but leased out to the institutions run by the Congress candidate. Since their objections were overruled, they finally filed a writ in the Bombay High Court that asked the state election commission on Friday to change the booths.However, on Monday after the state election commission filed a compliance report, the high court wanted to know why the four polling stations were still unchanged-those that were in Gagdge Maharaj Shopping complex-despite it being included in the main petition. \"The HC has asked the state election commissioner to change the polling stations and comply by Tuesday,\" lawyer Chindambar Gavnekar said. On Saturday, four polling stations were shifted as per the high court order but the new placements were objected to by other candidates.\"Now there are objections raised by other candidates. Rangarwada School is near the house of an MNS candidate and the objection has now been registered by other candidates as well,\" a NMC source said. Meanwhile, the NMC shifted five polling booths, two to Sinchan Bhavan and three to city gates of the Artillery Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881596", "title": "Chavan blames NCP for hampering development", "text": "PUNE: Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday squarely blamed the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for the 'mismanagement' in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and said that partiality in approval of tenders and substandard works carried out in the last five years have affected the overall development of the city.Speaking at a public meeting in Gokhalenagar to campaign for Congress candidates, Chavan came down heavily on the NCP and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar for 'politicising' the city's development.\"It is time to recognise those who have politicised the development issues in the city. The moment I announced the metro project for the city, controversy was created. When we decided to approve the development plan and came out with a viable plan for the biodiversity project, it was again opposed without any substantial reason. Pune's development suffered because of them,\" said Chavan.He accused the NCP of vying for the credit for the development projects. \"At other places we are competing with the BJP-Sena alliance. But in Pune, we have to lock horns with our alliance partner NCP. They have always rejected consensus and politicised all development issues for credit. The five-year term in PMC was a complete mess. There was partiality in tenders, substandard works were carried out and still, bills were cleared in huge numbers. We need to avoid this in a city like Pune, which is growing fast and cannot afford this kind of a governance,\" he added.He said, \"In the last five years, the city has seen many political adjustments, such as the 'Pune pattern'. Give Congress full majority and we will ensure impartiality. We will bring funds from the Centre and state for the city's development. I hold the urban development department and I ensure planned development of Pune.\"R R Patil targets Rane, MundeState home minister R R Patil on Monday launched a scathing attack on state minister and Congress leader Narayan Rane , and Gopinath Munde . \"Rane has lost his value in the Congress and he has lost his home ground to the NCP in the recent council polls. He is agitated with the NCP for shocking him in his hometown Sindhudurg. Munde has lost his base in Beed and that's why he is targeting Ajit Pawar,\" Patil said, while addressing a rally in Baner.He added that Congress leaders Patangrao Kadam and Harshwardhan Patil, who are leading the party in Pune, have no control over the party. \"The NCP is sure to get full majority in the Pune Municipal Corporation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11881505", "title": "Cops return to city with killer's parcel", "text": "GURGAON: A city crime branch returned from Allahabad on Monday with Sincy Sebastian's earrings, laptop and the bloodstained tracksuit of the accused murderer, Mukesh Kumar Shah.After killing 23-year-old Sincy on January 11, the accused cab driver apparently checked out all newspapers for news about the murder. Police recovered his bloodstained tracksuit, wrapped in a Hindi newspaper with a story headlined, \"Police have no clue in Sincy's murder\", said an investigator. Police are to produce the accused in a city court on Tuesday. Mukesh had sent the items through a relative saying that they were his clothes which he would use when he came to Allahabad. Investigator said the relative who had carried Mukesh's parcel worked in Allahabad and lived in a rental room like the accused in Gurgaon. He had no clue about the murder or the contents of the parcel as he had not opened the bag sent by the cab driver.\"The killer cab driver was following daily newspapers to keep track of developments in the Sincy murder investigation. Apart from the Hindi newspaper used to wrap his tracksuit, some other Hindi newspapers with articles on the murder were found in his rental room,\" said a senior police officer. Gurgaon police on February 11 cracked the Sincy murder case with the arrest of her company cab driver, Mukesh Kumar Shah, a native of Kolkata (West Bengal). The accused is now on police remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880049", "title": "'We will never seek help from MNS for majority'", "text": "NASHIK: Expressing confidence that the 'secular combine' of the Congress, Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Republican Party of India (RPI) Bharip Bahujan Mahasangh would win the 2012 civic polls, president of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Manikrao Thakre said that Nashik's development would be the priority of the party.\"It is always better to have a government of the same party ruling at the Centre, the state and the corporation, and citizens are realizing this now. Many civic projects have not been undertaken by the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) coalition in the past ten years and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) also did not oppose the saffron combine. On the contrary, they voted in their favour whenever the need arose,\" said Thakre on Monday.He said the Cong-NCP combine wanted to undertake many developmental projects. He added that the Centre had sanctioned projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) but nobody knew how the funds were used by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). \"We want to make up for the wrong-doings of the previous coalition,\" he said.Replying to a query about MNS chief Raj Thackeray's allegation the previous day that the NCP had blocked all local cable channels so that his (Raj Thackeray's) speech does not reach viewers in parts of Nashik, Thakre said, \"The Congress has never stopped anyone from giving a speech nor has it stopped a speech from getting telecast. We don't do this, we don't need to do this and we cannot stoop down to such low levels.\"Thakre said that the Congress had selected good and clean candidates. Replying to a question about which party the Congress would consider if its combine falls short of seats after the polls, Thakre stated, \"We will not take help from the Shiv Sena , BJP and MNS.\" He added that defectors could be considered. About party workers who were unhappy about not being nominated, Thakre empathized with them but mentioned that this had happened across party lines.\"There have been defections from every party in Nashik. We have asked the defectors from our party to confirm their loyalty to us or else we will give them a notice sacking them from the party,\" he said.His reply to a question about his partymen supporting people who were against the privatization of octroi while opposing the same issue at the meetings of the standing committee and the general assembly, however, was not satisfactory. He also failed to answer a query about a party worker campaigning for the MNS even as the latter shared the dais with him.Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat, general secretary of the MPCC Ganesh Patil, president of Nashik district rural Congress committee Rajaram Pangavhane, former minister of state Shobha Bacchav, senior Congress leader Jaiprakash Chhajed, city chief Akash Chhajed, Shailesh Kute and others were present at the press conference.Later in the day, the Congress party held a convention at Chowk Mandai which evoked a poor response from the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879733", "title": "A K Khan saves the day for Assembly staff", "text": "HYDERABAD: Overzealous police personnel almost denied a red carpet welcome to governor E S L Narasimhan on the first day of the budget session on Monday, but for the timely intervention of city top cop A K Khan.Trouble unfolded in the morning when the Assembly staff was prevented from laying a red carpet in the inner lobby leading to the Central Hall of the old Assembly building by police personnel citing security reasons.Sources said policemen posted in the outer lobby refused to pay heed to the legislature staff's request and insisted on specific instructions from their bosses. When the message was conveyed to legislature secretary S Raja Sadaram, he immediately called up the city police commissioner and lodged a strong protest against the police personnel.Sources said all the plans for this momentous day would have gone awry had the city top cop not responded.\"We laid out the red carpet minutes before the head of the state arrived. Timely response from the top cop avoided a major embarrassment not only to the state government, but also to the Speaker,\" according to a legislature official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "amethi/sultanpur", "code": "11880214", "title": "Gandhi Parivar's TRP still high on home turf", "text": "AMETHI/SULTANPUR: Nearly eight hours of daily load-shedding, potholed roads, negligible industrial growth or employment opportunities and a pronounced air of desolation all around it. Amethi hardly fits the prototype of a VVIP constituency. Nothing has changed here over last two decades apart from its name when, cocking a snook at Congress, Bahujan Samaj Party supremo rechristened the Gandhi pocket borough. Amethi turned into to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, named after a little known dalit warrior king, resurrected by Maya loyalists from crumbly history books.However, with election barely 48 hours away, 'bijli, sadak and paani' are last things on the mind of Amethi wallas. Elections here are above the mundane, declares Jagmohan Pandey, a trader in Munshiganj, rather loftily. \"It is a fight to protect the parvivar's honour .... They have given us so much and our payback times come only once every five years,\" the dyed in wool Gandhi loyalist announces unabashedly.The first family's proverbial charm has been in full display, especially over the last fortnight. A stately Priyanka motoring down the labyrinthine lanes to root for the future of Gen Y joined by her children, a high voltage guest appearance by hubby Robert Vadra and a keenly followed one-dayer by Rahul himself, the constituency is in the middle of a pre-poll ritual the family has assiduously observed since well over a decade. And now even some of the detractors also seem to be falling for the fabled charisma.Last Saturday, those craning their necks to spot Rahul's cavalcade on Gauriganj inter college ground included BSP supporters as well. Leaving posters of smiling Maya and elephants to guard their local election office, the entire cadre stood huddled on the terrace to catch a glimpse of the Gandhi scion. \"Half of them would end up voting for Congress,\" laughed Rammitra Sharma, a tea vendor at the Jamau trisection. The party is posed to make a comeback in Gauriganj after two decades, he claimed putting it a tad dramatically -\"Gauriganj ka vanvass samapat hone vala hai\".And if that be the case the credit apart from Rahul's goodwill would go to the clever caste calculations in choice of candidate. Congress has once again fielded Mohammad Naim who happens to be the lone Muslim candidate in Gauriganj with its 26,000 minority votes. \"This combined with 76,000 of Brahmin vote share makes Naim's chances quite bright.\" feels Ramtahal Verma, a shopkeeper in Cheeko Mandi, specially \"as the incumbent BSP MLA Chandra Prakash Matiyari, a Brahmin, has done little apart from constructing a palatial house in Jethapur\". BJPs Tejbhan Singh and SP's Rakesh Pratap Singh, both Thakurs with good following of their own, are not able to rise up to the situation, though the final result is as predictable as ever, declared Vikram Singh, a local restaurant owner.About 12 km down the highway, Rani Amita Singh alights from her red Scorpio, head covered, to visit a backward 'bustee'. The four-time MLA is confident her consistent nursing of the constituency would translate into a landslide victory this time as well. \"She has been generous, hard working and helped us with money wherever we needed,\" says Kamaluddin, a carpenter in Ramnagar area, just a stone's throw away from the Bhupati- Bhavan, the Amethi palace. Amita is banking on the influence of her MP husband Sanjay Singh, known to wield immense clout in the area, even as rival from Samajwadi Party Gayatri Prasad Prajapati is rooting for end to \"raja rani rule\", and Ashish Shukla, a former Congress man turned BSP leader is aiming at the 'savarna' support.Shukla who enjoyed a state minister's perks as the chairperson of UP Khadi Board may face strong public backlash though. \"He hardly did anything here,\" complained Gulab Singh, a shopkeeper. He is hoping for victory of \"kamal\" (BJP).In Jagdishpur reserved constituency, Radhey Shyam Kannojia is trying his luck for the first time. Grandson of Ramsevak Dhobi, the seven-time MLA from Jagdishpur, Kannojia has been rewarded with the party ticket in lieu of the grandpa's loyalty to the Parivar. \"You have seen Ramsevakji's time... appreciated his honesty and good work.... now give a chance to the grandson as well,\" Priyanka exhorts the crowd in a public meeting. \"Let me win this time and if I fail, you have the option to throw me out in next election,\" Kannojia pleads and as the VIP departs, the debate among the audience is not about the dysfunctional industrial township, which was set up by Rajiv Gandhi to fast track Amethi's development, but whether Kannojia will measure up to old Ramsevak .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881404", "title": "Youth group seeks to increase voter turnout", "text": "PANAJI: In a bid to get young voters to cast their votes, Youth For Goa (YFG), an organization consisting of students from different fields has launched its 'Rock the Vote' campaign.The campaign will see YFG making presentations in colleges, as well as using stickers, posters and pamphlets to spread the message. Street plays have also been planned.YFG's secretary Gaurang Panandiker said, \"The voting percentage of youth in Goa is low. That is the reason we are focussing the campaign on youth, but we will also reach out other people.\"Panandiker said the campaign had the approval of the state chief electoral officer (CEO). He said the YFG had given an undertaking to the CEO that the YFG was not aligned to any party.Neha Shirodkar, YFG's treasurer, said, \"The effort of the campaign was to get people to excercise their right to vote. If you do not vote, there is no point in complaining after that.\"Panandiker said, \"EC appointed voter icon Remo Fernandes is helping us to galvanise the youth at cultural events.\"Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11883408", "title": "Obama unveils $3.8 trillion budget, proposes $2.2bn aid to Pakistan in 2013", "text": "WASHINGTON: Unveiling its annual budget of USD 3.8 trillion that calls for tax hikes on the rich, the Obama administration on Monday proposed USD 2.4 billion in financial aid to Pakistan for the fiscal year 2013.Of this, USD 2.2 billion is in assistance to strengthen democratic and civil institutions that provide a bulwark against extremism and support joint security and counter- terrorism efforts, including USD 800 million for the Pakistan Counter-insurgency Capability Fund, the State Department said soon after the White House sent the budgetary proposals to the Congress.In addition to this, the budget also proposes USD 197 million support to the US government's civilian presence, as well as programs for engagement with civil society, it said.In all, the budgetary proposals of President Barack Obama provides USD 8.2 billion for Overseas Contingency Operations to support the extraordinary and temporary costs of civilian- led programs and missions in Iraq , Afghanistan and Pakistan.The budgetary proposals are for the fiscal year 2013 beginning October 1, 2012 and this needs to be approved by both the chambers of the US Congress - the House of Representatives and the Senate - before it is implemented.Obama's budgetary proposals also include USD 4.6 billion for Afghanistan. This includes USD 2.5 billion in assistance for counterterrorism-related programs, economic growth, reconciliation and reintegration, and capacity building, as well as to support progress in governance, rule of law, counternarcotic, agriculture, health and education.USD 2.1 billion is proposed for supporting the expansion of the diplomatic and interagency presence, the extraordinary costs of security in a conflict zone, and public diplomacy programs to build long-lasting bridges with civil society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881729", "title": "Decks cleared to hold STET on Feb 17", "text": "PATNA: Decks have been cleared for conducting the Secondary Teachers Eligibility Test (STET) to be conducted by Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) on February 17 following an order of Patna high court dismissing a writ petition challenging the conduct of the test for which the non-trained teachers were also allowed by the government to appear.Around 4.7 lakh candidates will appear for the STET on February 17, according to BSEB joint secretary Shivnath Prasad.In its order, the high court had directed the state government to fulfil the norms of National Council of Teachers Education (NCTE) to conduct the examination.Joint director, education department, R S Singh said under state government rules there was provision for appointment of untrained teachers on the condition that they acquired the teachers training degree in six years from the date of appointment.He said such rules were framed on the basis of NCTE norms allowing relaxation in its provisions for appointment of trained teachers, if required.Singh said in case such relaxation provided in the NCTE Act was not availed of, a large number of posts of secondary teachers in the reserved categories would fall vacant as majority of candidates of reserve categories do not possess the degree of trained teachers.A special Primary Teachers Eligibility Test (PTET) will also be conducted on February 18 for candidates whose applications were either technically rejected or, otherwise, could not be registered for the PTET conducted in December, 2011, in which 26 lakh candidates had appeared.Around 1.7 lakh candidates will appear at the Special PTET to be held on February 18.The panel of the qualifiers at PTET, 2011, and special PTET, 2012, would be prepared on the basis of performance of candidates in both tests.Secondary and primary teachers will be appointed only from the respective STET and PTET panels when the vacancies are advertised, he said.Singh said there were 25,000 vacancies of secondary teacher and about one lakh of primary teacher. He said vacancies for appointment of primary and secondary teachers on contract would be advertized after preparation of the panels. Due to paucity of resources, the government is hard pressed to make appointment of teachers on contract, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879563", "title": "Curcumin cures malaria in animals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Curcumin, which gives turmeric (haldi) its trademark bright yellow colour, has been found to be highly effective against malaria, with a 100% cure rate in the recently completed animal trials.A study, conducted by scientists from the Indian Institute of Science (IIS), Bangalore, found that curcumin when used in combination with the anti-malarial drug of choice - Artemisinins (ART) - is not only effective in killing the parasite, but is also able to prepare the immune system against recurrence of the disease caused by leftover parasites.The study will be published in the next edition of the journal, \"Current Science\".Buoyed by these findings, former director of IIS Dr Govindarajan Padmanaban and his team are preparing to start human trials of an artemisinin-curcumin combination therapy in both simple malaria cases and in the treatment of the deadly cerebral malaria (CM) type that kills 20% of patients.The phase-II human trials that will include 50 patients suffering from normal malaria and 100 CM patients will take place at Ispat hospital in Rourkela, Odisha.IIS has joined hands with the National Institute of Malaria Research and Institute of Life Sciences, Bhubaneswar, to conduct this study, and is awaiting clearance from the department of biotechnology and the Drug Controller General of India.Dr Padmanaban said, \"Curcumin has many advantages. It not only kills the malaria parasite but also reduces inflammation in the brain caused during CM. It is cheap and no resistance against it is known since it is a dietary supplement. We will know within 72 hours of administering the combo drug whether it cures CM while in case of simple malaria, we will follow patients for 28 days to see if the diseases recur.\"In CM patients, falciparum infected red blood cells bind to the lining of the brain and cause inflammation. This leads to the obstruction of blood vessels causing brain damage.\"Artemisinin only manages to kill the parasite but does not have any anti-inflammatory properties like curcumin. In CM patients most of who will be in coma we will administer artemisinin intravenously while curcumin will be given through oral tubes,\" Dr Padmanaban added.Chloroquine (CQ) is a wonder drug as an anti-malarial in terms of its efficacy, minimal side-effects and affordability. However, the development of widespread resistance to this molecule has been one of the main reasons for resurgence of falciparum malaria. Replacement drugs such as sulphadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP) too are facing resistance. The advent of the artemisinin (ART) derivatives, however, has given hope of malaria containment. However, the requirement of a seven-day ART monotherapy has led to incomplete patient compliance.Dr Padmanaban said, \"This, together, with the availability of spurious versions in the market has raised concerns of possible resistance development to ART. This has led the World Health Organization to insist on ART-based three-day combination therapy to prolong the efficacy of this treatment and delay resistance development.\"In 2010, WHO had recommended that all countries ban the marketing of oral artemisinin-based monotherapies, which have been one of the major factors fostering the emergence of drug resistance. However, 25 countries still allow the marketing of oral artemisinin-based monotherapies and 28 pharmaceutical companies continue to market these products.\"Most of the countries that still allow marketing are located in the African Region and most of the manufacturers are in India,\" says the World Malaria report, 2011.Dr Padmanaban said, \"There is a need to develop newer ART-based combinations and an alternative to ART. Studies with animal models have indicated that a combination therapy with ART and curcumin has the potential to prevent parasite recrudescence and relapse in falciparum and vivax malaria as well as to protect against CM,\" he added.Some facts:* Malaria affects 300 million people worldwide, with over a million deaths annually* Over 70% of India's population, or 100.41 crore face the risk of malaria infection* Around 31 crore face the highest risk of getting infected by the vector-borne disease* According to the World Malaria report 2011, India has over 10 crore suspected malaria cases, but only 15.9 lakh could be confirmed in 2010* Of the confirmed cases, 8.3 lakh people were infected by plasmodium falciparum, while 7.6 lakh people were infected with plasmodium vivax* With no immediate prospect of a vaccine against the disease, drugs are the only choice to treat it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882699", "title": "Airport cabbies\u2019 strike fizzles out", "text": "BANGALORE: Quick police action against protesting drivers and availability of cabs by multinational companies and small independent operators effectively ended the strike by cab drivers on Monday. Air passengers were most relieved as they were dreading the idea of having to make alternative arrangements. Most passengers reached the airport without any problem, thanks to cabs not affiliated to associations which called the strike against payment of toll on BIA road.Nearly 200 police personnel at the toll plaza near Sadahalli Gate foiled cab drivers' plan by taking into preventive custody over 100 of them who had gathered there around 11am. They'd planned to block cabs going to the airport.Protesting cab drivers representing the Karnataka Taxi and Tourist Operators Association and Karnataka Tourist Motor Cab/Taxi Owners Welfare Association and others were taken to the APMC Yard jail at Yelahanka around11.30am. These drivers claimed they had stopped 400 cabs from plying between 10.30am and 11.30am. Over the next seven days, at least 30 policemen will be on duty at the toll plaza on two shifts to prevent any violence.What enabled passengers to reach the airport without hassle was the operation of more than 1,500 cabs of MNCs and independent cab companies that included Meru, EasyCabs, KSTDC and a host of private taxis available at the airport taxi rank. Somika Verma, resident of Bannerghatta Road, who came to see off a relative at BIA, said: \"On Sunday, I booked a cab from the Manikantha Taxi Company. Now, I plan to take a BMTC airport shuttle to return home.\"Some families came in their personal vehicles. \"We were not sure whether we should book a cab or come in our vehicle. I asked my husband not to take the car for work. Now, we feel we could have booked a cab easily as private taxis are operating normally,\" said Ghousia Sheikh, resident of RT Nagar.JUST 30% OPERATED: CABBIESSriking cabbies, however, claimed that between 6am and 11am, only 30% of the city's entire cab fleet were in operation. They claimed some passengers cancelled their flights on Monday morning and a few business meetings had been cancelled. After 11.30am, taxi schedules were normal as protesting cabbies had been arrested and most other drivers decided they couldn't risk losing the day's earnings.Members of the protesting group said they were willing to pay toll if it was in the form of a monthly pass that offered unlimited trips as an alternative to the monthly pass of 50 trips.The arrested protesters include G R Shanmugappa, president of All India Motor Transport Congress, R Neelakantappa, secretary of KSTDC Prepaid Taxi Drivers Association, Ramesh MP, secretary of Karnataka Tourist Motor Cab Owners Welfare Association, Shivanna, president of Bangalore Tourist Taxi Operators Association and secretary R K Holla, along with 87 others. They plan to meet the chief minister and National Highways Authority of India officials on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879692", "title": "Docs on toes as MCI team visits RIMS", "text": "RANCHI: Doctors at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) were on their toes, holding files and waited to be grilled on Monday by a team of inspectors from the Medical Council of India (MCI). The team was on a trip to the institute campus to check if the increase in the number of undergraduate seats from 90 to 150 had been done in accordance with the council rules.The team, comprising head of the department of anaesthesia, Banaras Hindu University , V Rastogi, professor in microbiology at the National Medical College Kolkata, Manas Sarkar, and professor, department of physiology, RG Kar Medical College Kolkata checked the infrastructure facilities at the hospital and expressed satisfaction.Though they refused to officially share the observations saying that a report is to be submitted with the MCI headquarters following which a decision would be taken by the council, the team members gave some guidelines for improving the work culture.RIMS sources said the team was highly impressed with the neuro-surgery operation theatre but was equally disturbed to see the overburdened medicine and neuro-surgery wards.The team visited OPD and took an overview of the cleanliness drive. The team gave suggestions on improving the facilities for maintenance.The teaching faculty who appeared for physical verification with photocopies of their documents had a bolt from the blue when MCI inspectors expressed their intent to verify original documents. Doctors, who earlier retired at 62 and are now serving on an ad-hoc basis, were taken aback when the team asked them to come up with original documents. While some of the senior doctors rushed to their home to come up with original documents, a handful senior doctors refused to produce them. One senior doctor on condition of anonymity said in the past 35 years he has never been asked to produce original documents. \"I don't know if the MCI team is legally authorized to verify the documents which have already been verified at different levels during appointment,\" he said.The team will also verify the number of post-graduate students and check their credentials. Former president of RIMS Junior Doctors' Association, Babu Mani Baski, said they were informed about the production of documents.\"We have prepared our documents and are waiting for our turn to come,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11881063", "title": "Trade body wishlist: Rework power tariff, lower tax regime", "text": "BHOPAL: With the state budget for 2012-13 only a few days away, Federation of Madhya Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FMCCI), a major body of industrialists, on Monday urged the state government to rationalise power tariff and remove tax structure discrepancies among other things. Changes in energy cess, stamp duty, mandi tax and entry tax were other points on the trade body's wish list. Once these are dealt with, it would give boost to boost trade and industry in the state.\"We are demanding a rollback of recently imposed duty on electricity and energy cess as it violates the industrial policy, which promised exemption to captive power plants for five to 10 years from these taxes and cess,\" federation vice-chairman Govind Goyal said.Pointing out such taxation and non-compliance of promises in the state policies would discourage investors from pumping money in the state, he said the federation felt that there was an urgent need rationalize power tariff for small-scale industries. Listing other demands, Goyal urged the state government to introduce a new scheme to go for aggressively promote CFL lamps use for reducing energy consumption.Goyal said mandi and entry taxes were higher in Madhya Pradesh compared to the neighbouring states. The state needs to address the issue as it is a major reason for investors preferring other states.In the state, the stamp duty on industrial mortgage loans is much more than in Rajasthan, Delhi, Haryana, West Bengal, Gujarat and Maharashtra, federation vice-president claimed. He said Pithampur Industrial Association had already made a representation, pointing out that stamp duty on mortgage and hypothecation were high and an equal amount of fees needs to be paid to Janpad panchayats under the provisions of Madhya Pradesh Panchayati raj Act 1993.Urging state finance minister Raghavji to initiate steps to promote food processing units, Goyal said the state could launch a scheme to provide incentives on the lines of backward linkages scheme implemented earlier by the Union Ministry of Food processing. He also demanded simplification of contract farming agreement formulated by the mandi board in 2004 to make proposals feasible.The federation, he said, made a detailed presentation to the government, requesting incorporating suggestions in the state budget ahead of its presentation in the assembly session beginning on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879153", "title": "NIDian's film on energy woes wins UN acclaim", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A film on Bihar's energy woes made by a student of the National Institute of Design (NID) has been awarded the winner at a competition that was a part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference 2011 in Durban, South Africa.Called 'Recharge', the film made by Sabika Muzaffar was based on energy woes of Nawada, a village in Bihar. It was selected as one of two best films across the globe in the category of 'Energy' by Television for the Environment ( TVE), a UK-based organization.After an screening in the presence of international experts and critics at Durban, the two finalist films were uploaded on the internet. The film which received maximum number of views was to be declared as the winner.\"My film was viewed 31,111 times and was ahead of the competitor film by 5300 views at the time it was judged. While the prize was declared on February 9, I have received an official confirmation today through an email,\" said Muzaffar.Muzaffar got her inspiration for the film from her friend, who hails from Nawada. During a conversation, Muzaffar discovered that there is acute shortage of power supply in the village. Due to this grave situation, local variety stores have an arrangement of battery-powered recharging facilities for mobile phones. Villagers go to these shops to recharge mobile phone batteries. \"For using this recharging facility of the store, the villagers pay Rs 5. I was shocked when I heard this. It also gave me the idea for the film,\" said Muzaffar who was also sponsored by United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) to travel to Durban and participate in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11881924", "title": "Got a crush? Leave a gift", "text": "LUDHIANA: On the special occasion of Valentine's eve, a unique competition was started by the International Institute of Fashion Designing near Bharatnagar Chowk, wherein students who have feelings for someone special but cannot express it were given a golden opportunity.The students were told that they can leave a gift at the reception for the one on whom they have a crush, and the best part was, they need not disclose their identity.On Monday, many students kept the gifts for their loves ones without revealing their names. The one who will get maximum gifts will be declared Ms and Mr Valentine on Tuesday. Resident of Sarabha Nagar, student Gurtej Singh said he had a crush on a fellow student but didn't have the confidence to express it.But today, he got a chance to do so in the form of a surprise gift, which he kept on the reception. Resident of Model Town, Kriti Malhotra said she likes someone from the bottom of her heart but could not express her feelings as the boy is already engaged. But with this gift, she hopes to make him happy.Green Park resident, student Raghav Mahajan said he knew that the girl he had a crush on likes to wear watches, so he has gifted an expensive watch to her.Raghav Mahajan said: \"If my love is true, she will come to me and express herself because I will not be going to propose her,\" said Raghav. Resident of Civil Lines, Shweta Bhanot said for a girl, it's very difficult to express and more difficult when the one you like is from your college. She had purchased a gift long back and thought of keeping it in his car but then the college gave her this chance and she could keep the gift at the reception.Resident of Industrial Area, Jatin Verma said he will not be happy if the girl he has a crush on becomes Miss Valentine because that would mean there are many others, besides him, who like her. Getting her will be more difficult then, he added.Naval Sabharwal, who stays in Tagore Nagar, said she had placed a big teddy for the boy she loves, saying \"I love you\" and hopes that the guy understands that she is the one who has given it to her.Director of INIFD Arvind Gupta said there is nothing wrong in expressing love and affection as long as it is done within limits. This initiative was taken so that students could enjoy this day under the supervision of faculty and do not cross their limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878551", "title": "Reckless driving by two teens land 6-yr-old, man in hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: Youngsters' thrill of driving at high speed has increased in cases of rash and reckless driving on the road leading to a spurt of accidents in the city.On Sunday evening, a six-year-old boy and a 52-year-old man were knocked down by two teenagers on bikes at separate places in the city. In both the cases, though both the victims suffered head injuries, they are stated to be out of danger.Krishna Singh alias Lalu (6) was just a few steps away from his residence at around 5pm on Jatatrodi square in Imamwada when a BA first year student knocked him down with his bike. Eyewitnesses claimed that the child had almost come under the bike. Fortunately, the biker 19-year-old Amit Baghel, a resident of Borkar Nagar, managed to apply the brakes immediately and Krishna was saved miraculously. Baghel and his friend riding pillion had planned to have a short drive in the area, said police. The enraged people standing nearby had rounded up Baghel and his friends.\"The child had just ended playing and was walking to his house when the biker hit him from rear. Krishna sustained head injuries,\" said an eyewitness. Imambada police reached the spot and rescued Baghel from people's wrath. PSI MH Kawade of Imambada police station said Baghel had the license but the insurance papers were missing. Apart from rash driving, Baghel has been booked under Motor Vehicles Act. He was arrested and later released on bail. Police added that Baghel's bike (Royal Enfield) was bought in 2009 in his name.In another incident, 19-year-old Shaikh Ahmed who was driving without license, knocked down a scooter rider Abhay Rai on Amravati road. Ahmed was driving at high speed, approximately more than 70km/hr. After Ahmed hit the scooter, the impact jammed his bike's handle which disabled him in fleeing from the spot. Rai has suffered a fracture on his right leg and is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Ravi Nagar.Ambazari police booked Shaikh for rash and negligent driving and also Motor Vehicles Act. Police said that Shaikh was neither having license nor the bike papers. The bike (Pulsor) belonged to his relative and Shaikh had taken the bike to meet a friend.In both the cases, cops have seized the bikes. \"Majority of the youngsters love to speed and the new bikes add excitement to it. Though they know all the functions very well, they are not able to handle it and hence meet with accidents sometimes even fatal. They must always remembers that it is better to be safe than sorry,\" said Krishna's relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879728", "title": "Minor girl raped", "text": "RANCHI: A minor girl was raped and left behind shrubs at an isolated place in Kuru Bustee under Doranda police station of the city.In a complaint lodged with the local police, the mother of the victim said her five-year-old daughter Shanti (name changed) had gone to the Anganwadi of the locality in the morning. \"In the afternoon, when I went to the Anganwadi to bring Shanti back she was not there. On inquiry, I found that Dilip Saw, who sells vegetable in our locality, had gone to the Anganwadi and took Shanti with him,\" said police quoting from the complaint of the girl's mother. The mother had gone to the Anganwadi around 1 pm.After five hours of search, the girl's mother found her lying behind some shrubs. Officer-in-charge of Doranda police station F Ahmad said police have received the complaint of the victim's mother and admitted her to a hospital for treatment. \"Doctors are taking care of the girl,\" said Ahmad. However, the accused of the case has managed to escape. tnnand police launched a search operation to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11880913", "title": "Posing as a cop, man kidnaps 19-year-old girl", "text": "COIMBATORE: Pretending to be a cop, a man kidnapped a 19-year-old girl from a temple in Palladam on the outskirts of the city on Sunday.The girl had gone to Karur from Mettupalayam along with her lover on a motor cycle. The lovers were taking rest near a temple when a man on a two wheeler approached them, posing as a cop. He took the girl on his bike and fled the scene. When her lover realized that the abductor was not a policeman, he lodged a complaint at the Palladam police station. Two special teams have been formed to nab the culprit.Police said R Raja, 29, of Karur, does electrical works on a contract basis. Three years ago, while working in a private textile mill at Mettupalayam, he fell in love with S Kalaivani of Mettupalayam working in the same mill. On Sunday morning, he came to Mettupalayam by motorcycle and picked her up. The lovers were on their way to Karur and planned to marry on February 13. They stopped for a break at Madhapur near Palladam.It was at this time that culprit approached them posing as a policeman. He convinced the lovers that since they were together for a long time, he had to conduct an inquiry. He took the girl on his bike and asked her lover to follow him. However, Raja was waylaid and attacked by a group of people. He was rescued by police and admitted at the Palladam GH.\"The culprit snatched a mobile phone and Rs 700 from the boy and kidnapped his girlfriend. We have formed two special teams to rescue the girl and arrest the culprit,\" said deputy superintendent of police P Muruganandam, Palladam sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880305", "title": "Relief for residents in heritage zone", "text": "New Delhi: Residents who live in the proximity of protected monuments can now breathe a sigh of relief. The National Monuments Authority (NMA) has started granting no-objection certificates to those who want to carry out construction in their houses.Over 30 permissions have been given so far and more are expected shortly. The NOCs are subject to details provided by the Survey of India that the said residence is outside the 100m prohibited zone and a detailed report submitted by the state-appointed Competent Authority.Senior NMA officials said that no permission has been denied to-date, but approval for public projects like Delhi Metro's Red Fort line and NDMC's Kasturba Gandhi Marg parking lot is still pending. \"DMRC held a presentation for us several weeks ago on their Red Fort Metro line project. We had asked for certain clarifications, which are yet to be provided. Unless we get them, DMRC's application cannot be processed. We have also requested clarifications from NDMC on their parking lot and are waiting for the same,'' said a senior NMA official. Both these projects are on the priority list and the DMRC project has been waiting for clearance for over a year now.\"It will take a long time to clear the backlog as there are several hundred applications pending not just from Delhi, but from all over India,'' said the official.The Authority has also asked the Archaeological Survey of India to expedite the process for drafting heritage bylaws. Once the bylaws fix the prohibited and regulated zones for each monument, it would become easier to grant NOCs. \"We are monitoring the process for framing heritage bylaws very closely and have asked that they be drafted as soon as possible. The monuments for which bylaws are being prepared are based on a priority list. We are hoping that the process will be completed within a year or two,'' said an official.Sources said Survey of India had been roped in to help with the documentation and mapping of a 300-m radius of all protected monuments, which will be considered as the base index for future years. It is expected to be a time-consuming process as every construction, house, building, will be recorded in the new mapping so that heritage bylaws can be prepared for each monument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879327", "title": "$500bn stashed in tax havens, says CBI chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Putting an official estimate on unaccounted wealth stashed in foreign havens for the first time, the Central Bureau of Investigation chief A P Singh said around $500 billion (around Rs 24 lakh crore) is deposited in foreign accounts.Speaking at the maiden Interpol global programme on anti-corruption and asset recovery, Singh said the largest depositors in Swiss Banks are reported to be Indians.The CBI director's disclosure may well increase pressure on the government to act against black money account-holders as UPA-II has repeatedly claimed such an estimate is not possible and has set up two committees to go into the matter. The finance ministry has not provided estimates to Parliament's standing committee on the grounds that such a calculation is not feasible.Action against \"black money\" accounts is a hot-button political issue with Opposition demanding that the government move to prosecute those who have clandestinely deposited money abroad and also ensure the wealth is brought back to India. The controversy has some public resonance with the accounts suspected to be related not only to tax evasion but criminal and terror money as well.With the Supreme Court also taking up the issue, the government has worked hard to conclude treaties with 70-odd countries, including tax havens in destinations like the Caribbean and small principalities in Europe apart from Switzerland.The government has faced flak for not disclosing names of more than 700 account- holders in HSBC , Geneva , and several in Liechetenstein although it has said secrecy conditions prevent their disclosure. The nature of the tax avoidance treaties has meant the lists cannot be shared by income tax authorities with the enforcement directorate that can use tougher laws.Without indicating how he arrived at the estimate of illegal Indian money abroad, Singh said India, in particular, has suffered from the flow of funds to tax havens like Mauritius , Switzerland, Lichtenstein and British Virgin islands.\"It is estimated that around $500 billion of illegal money belonging to Indians is deposited in tax havens abroad. Largest depositors in Swiss Banks are also reported to be Indians,\" Singh said. There have been various estimates of Indian black money - ranging from $500 billion to $1,500 billion.An international think-tank, Global Financial Integrity, has estimated that Rs 25 lakh crore has been illegally deposited abroad by Indians. The CBI director's statement seems to corroborate or support this estimate.Singh said there is a lack of political will in leading tax haven states to part with the information because they are aware of the extent to which their economies have become \"geared to this flow of illegal capitals from the poorer countries\".\"53% of the countries said to be least corrupt by the Transparency International Index are offshore tax havens, where most of the corrupt money goes. The tax havens include New Zealand which is ranked as the least corrupt country, Singapore ranked number five and Switzerland number seven,\" he said.Singh said tracing, freezing, confiscation and repatriation of stolen assets is a legal challenge, a complex process which requires expertise and political will. He said global financial markets allow money to travel faster and further making tracking the money trail in such cases even more difficult which necessitates such global training programmes as they enhance the knowledge of officials in tracking assets created out of corrupt and criminal acts.The CBI chief said the World Bank estimates the cross-border flow of money from criminal activities and tax evasion is around $1.5 trillion of which $40 billion is the bribe paid to government servants in developing countries. The director said only $5 billion of this money has been repatriated during 15 years. He said criminals are using the territorial and jurisdictional limitations of the investigating agencies to their advantage by spreading their crimes to at least two countries and investing in a third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883361", "title": "Anil Kapoor: Love\u2019s Bafta spoiler", "text": "Anil Kapoor, who attended the BAFTAs on Sunday, will be missing celebrating Valentine's Day with his wife.Anil told us that since he wouldn't be in the country on V-Day for the first time ever, he decided to do something special. So, he bought a greeting card and thought he'd make sure his wife gets it today. But she caught the card in his bag. \"I've done something like this for the first time. I bought a card from Los Angeles, and since I was leaving for London, it was supposed to be delivered to her today. But woh bag khol rahi thi aur usko mil gaya. Pehle toh woh darr gayi thi, kisi aur ke liye toh nahin hai!\" laughed Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11879030", "title": "ASI to get experts to preserve monuments", "text": "MYSORE: Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is undergoing a major restructuring and the institution is likely to get experts to upkeep buildings having special historical importance in India, said ASI additional director general Juthika Patankar.Addressing the 150th anniversary celebration of the ASI here on Monday, she said the government is committed to facilitate ASI with experts to protect the country's heritage. The process on this score is underway and this is expected to address some of the issues too.The process also involves honing of skills required for experts in the field and also putting together skilled persons from different sectors that are involved in the conservation. This is a huge task, she said. The additional director general said it's time to introspect on the future course of action.Numismatist A V Narasimha Murthy, chief guest, appealed to the government to address the pay disparity of experts attached to ASI. He said they are no less than any professionals. They are invited all over the world for conservation purpose but their pay scale is not the best, he felt. This may be one of the reasons why the institution is failing to attract a talented lot, he stated.Director (epigraphy) T S Ravishankar said the institution will soon adopt a three-pronged strategy to educate public about the importance of conservation and epigraphy.The ASI felicitated conservation experts and employees for their contribution in the field of exploration and conservation. A week-long photo expo depicting monuments across India has been organized at its centre at Hebbal and it is open to public this weekend. The highlight of the expo is that it portrays condition of the structures before and after conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879635", "title": "Antony asks nations to work in tandem to protect WMDs", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Pakistan in mind, defence minister A K Antony on Monday said the international community must come together to draw up \"collective and innovative measures'' to prevent the danger of terrorists and extremists getting hold of weapons of mass destruction (WMDs).\"WMDs go beyond nuclear weapons. These weapons may be biological, chemical and radiological in nature. Often, these weapons do not require sophisticated delivery systems (like missiles),'' said Antony, inaugurating the 14th Asian Security Conference organized by IDSA here.\"There is always the danger that these weapons may fall into wrong hands. Thus, nations need to cooperate with each other and draw up a comprehensive approach to evolve institutional frameworks to defeat such challenges,'' he said, adding that terrorism continues to remain \"a grave concern'' to world peace and stability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879286", "title": "Sand mining racket busted, seven arrested", "text": "KOCHI: A major sand mining racket was busted and seven people including a retired forest official were arrested by the Kalamassery police on Monday. The racket used to make fake pass of the geology and mining department to collect river sand from government-approved sand mines.The activities of the racket were traced and its members were arrested by a police team led by Kalamassery circle inspector V K Sanal Kumar and sub inspector M B Latheef.Police said that the kingpin of the racket was arrested when they were conducting a routine vehicle check at Kalamassery. He was driving a tipper lorry carrying sand. The activities of the racket came to light after police identified the fake pass.The kingpin was identified as Manoj (36) of Attingal in Thiruvananthapuram. The other members are Sijo (26) and Sanoj (38) of Edavanoor, Kunnathunaddu, Robin Xavier (24) of Cheranellor, Bijoy (37) and Binu (34) of Kunnathunadu and Muraleedharan Nair (62) of Perumbavoor.Police said that Muraleedharan Nair was a retired forest official and it was Nair who allegedly made fake government seals to stamp the passes. The racket used to source sand at the rate of Rs 8,000 per load from the approved mines by submitting fake pass and sell it to customers in Thiruvananthapuram at a rate of Rs 25,000 per load.Police said another member of the racket, Biju (32) of Kovvapaddy was absconding. He was running the sand mines. The arrested were booked under various rules of Kerala Protection of River Banks and Regulation of Removal of Sand Act. The accused were also charged with Sections 468 and 471 of the Indian Penal Code.in the police net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11881499", "title": "Many shades of truth", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ten years, the death of one former judge and 17 extensions later, the Nanavati-Mehta commission it still trying to find out the truth behind the post-Godhra 2002 riots. On the root cause of the riots -the burning of the Sabarmati Express's S-6 coach which led to the killing of 59 Kar Sevaks - however, it has come to a conclusion.The commission submitted its interim report on September 18, 2008 and stated that the attack on Ram Sevaks was triggered by a wellplanned conspiracy. The conclusion provided relief to the state government at the time as the Gujarat high court had upheld the Pota review committee's stand that Prevention of Terrorist Activities (Pota) Act could not be applied on those accused of setting fire to the S-6 coach. Retired high court judge, justice K G Shah, who was originally part of the commission, passed away in March 2008. His place was taken by another retired high court judge, justice Akshay Mehta.The other probe panel set up by the UPA government at the Centre - justice U C Banerjee Committee - on the other hand, said that the fire to the S-6 coach was not an outcome of an attack, but merely an accident. Nanavati's conspiracy theory, however, stood out when the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) court recently ruled that the attack on Sabarmati Express was indeed part of a conspiracy. In 2011 the Nanavati commission's conclusions on Godhra carnage found concurrence in the court's verdict. The commission also had its downs. It failed to procure information when the UPA government blocked it's move to approach the President's office for information on former president K R Narayanan's disclosure about delay in calling the military forces during the riots. While probing the riots, the commission has examined only two ministers so far, with both examinations taking place incamera.The Gujarat high court recently left it to the two judges of the commission to decide whether to call chief minister Narendra Modi for cross-examination or not.The judgs are now in the last leg, preparing the final report. They have said they would soon submit the final report after assessing all witness statements and extracting vital information. Nanavati has often said that the process of writing the report has been going on simultaneously while recording evidence. Though senior cops and politicians have not revealed much before the commission - sometimes not remembering facts and sometimes expressing ignorance - the most sensational revelations - IPS officer Rahul Sharma's call records, and former DGP R B Sreekumar's nine affidavits exposing state government's complicity in the riots - have remained the highlights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11879038", "title": "NPF may move court against poll 'malpractices'", "text": "IMPHAL: The Naga People's Front (NPF), while accusing the EC of not entertaining its complaints on malpractices indulged by Congress in some polling stations in the hills during the recent assembly election, has warned of moving court if counting in such booths take place.The Nagaland-based party also opposed the comparison of voters' photos made by the EC at the office complex of the state CEO in Imphal to detect proxy voting on the ground that its complaints were not incorporated while conducting the exercise.Of the 60-member assembly, NPF fielded its candidates in 12 constituencies for the polls held on January 28. On February 4, repolling in 34 booths was conducted in five hill districts of Senapati, Chandel, Tamenglong, Ukhrul and Senapati.The NPF, in a statement issued by its Manipur state unit's political affairs secretary Angam Ruivah on Monday, said all EVMs coming to Karong constituency in Senapati district from far-flung areas were kept at Purul village by the supporters of Congress candidate for 48 hours.It said in Tamenglong constituency, the NPF candidate had filed his complaint to the returning officer (RO) on January 31 which was duly received. In Tadubi constituency, the NPF candidate had filed his complaint to the RO on January 29 seeking repoll in four booths. But surprisingly, the exercise was carried out barring the four booths, it alleged.In Karong, the NPF candidate had sought repoll in 21 booths but they were not incorporated in the list for comparing voters' photos - an exercise conducted under the supervision of EC-appointed special observers in Imphal.Stating that repoll was done at Somdal and Ngaimu polling stations in Chingai constituency in Ukhrul district on the sole reason that there was over 90 per cent polling, the NPF questioned as to why repoll was not conducted at 13 other polling stations that recorded between 90 and 98 poll percentage for which complaints had already been submitted on February 4.The party said it has evidence that votes were cast against the names of 27 dead persons at Poi poll booth.Manipur assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881510", "title": "Roses, chocolates to mark day of love", "text": "PUNE: Valentine's Day on Tuesday has given retailers, gift makers, confectionery makers and flower growers a reason to smile, as people splurge on gifts, roses and restaurant reservations for their valentines.The restaurant industry has already received 20% bookings and the figure is expected to go up by Tuesday afternoon.Medha Borse, president, Flower Growers' Association, said, \"This year, the state exported one crore roses to European Union countries. Nashik and Kolhapur districts have a major share in rose exports. The domestic consumption of roses is also expected to be in millions as the day is celebrated in tier II cities as well. Favourable climatic conditions and positive economic trends have increased the demand for roses in local and foreign markets.\"Ganesh Shetty, president of the Pune Hoteliers' Association, said, \"Most hotels have received close to 20% reservations and the number will go up on Tuesday. Liquor sales area also expected to go up, as the following two days are dry days. We will be witnessing a good response after a gap of two years.\"With the increase in demand for gift articles, some shop owners have come up with innovative offer for people celebrating the day of romance.A chocolate shop in Kalyaninagar introduced a Valentine's theme last week - all their chocolate decorations are in shades of red and pink, while the chocolates are heart-shaped. Ruchika Apte, owner of the shop, said, \"We have received a good response for the Valentine's Day theme. Since Friday, we have had a steady demand and we have had to restrict deliveries to pre-orders. Most of the orders are customised. On Saturday and Sunday we took as many as 25 orders.\"Mahesh Wadhwani, a gift shop owner in Koregaon Park, said, \"This time we have introduced special message candles for Valentine's Day. A set of two candles costs about Rs 1,000. The outer part of the candle has 100 wishes inscribed on it. When the candle is lit, the words on the candle glow in the dark. It's a unique concept and people have really liked it. The candles come in three fragrances - rose, mango and musk.\"A card shop owner in Koregaon Park, who did not wish to be named, said, \"Every year there is a huge demand for Valentine's Day cards and this year is no exception. We have been offering new cards from the beginning of the month. We have seen good sales of cards of all sizes, be they mini cards or two-foot long cards that are popular among students.\" He added, \"Soft toys are also selling like hot cakes and artificial roses, which cost about Rs 25, are in great demand.\"Rakesh Singh, owner of another gift shop in Koregaon Park, said, \"We have been selling heart-shaped perfume bottles in large numbers since last weekend. Besides, silver jewellery and accessories are also in demand this year. Many professionals are buying gift vouchers, ranging from Rs 250 to Rs 2,000 for their valentines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878380", "title": "Vinay Katiyar promises unemployment allowance", "text": "VARANASI: BJP national vice president Vinay Katiyar addressed election rallies in as many as three assembly constituencies in the district on the concluding day of election campaigning on Monday.Kick starting a whirlwind election campaigning from Veerapatti in Ajgara (reserved) constituency, the BJP firebrand leader lashed at opposition leaders for pushing the state into corruption and anarchy. Hurling verbal salvos on Congress-led UPA government, the Rajya Sabha MP criticised the government for its faulty economic policies which has caused rising inflation.Later, addressing election rally at Koraut Baazar under Rohaniya constituency, BJP leader said the party, if voted to power, would take care of all communities in the state. A special monthly allowance of Rs 2,000 would be given to unemployed youth and financial assistance of Rs 2 lakh would be given to families that have girl child. \"Similarly, loan up to Rs 1 lakh of farmers would be waived if the party comes to power in the state,\" he added.In an election rally at Sevapuri constituency, senior BJP leader urged youths to phase out opposition parties in the upcoming elections.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11881647", "title": "E-cheques : The hi-tech way to pay", "text": "LONDON: Traditional cheques may soon be a thing of the past. In perhaps a world's first, a team of British researchers claims to have developed an electronic cheque which offers the advantages of the traditional system but cuts down much of the processing and transport costs to the bank.The hi-tech cheque book looks and works much the same as the one used for generations. But to write on it, one needs a digital pen which has got a tiny camera attached to it to record any strokes made against millions of tiny dots printed on the surface, say the researchers.The pen sends the details to the bank of the client via a wireless link. And as the cheques and digital pen work only with the customer's own secure computer hub, they are said to be of no use to a thief, say the researchers.Lead researcher John Vines said the tech-cheque was developed in partnership with a group of people aged over 80.\"The beauty is that it's safe and cheap electronic transaction for banks, but it's a physical paper-based transaction for the customer,\" he was quoted by the 'Daily Mail' as saying. The researchers have said that they would hold talks with banks.Currently, a digital pen costs 80 pounds but this is expected to fall sharply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879628", "title": "Con groom rings in trouble with four engagements", "text": "MUMBAI: For Baiju Vantakadivisi, marriage was not about finding the right partner but a means to earn money. The 40-year-old commerce graduate was recently arrested by the Mulund police for allegedly duping several women of their valuables and cash after getting engaged to them.Vantakadivisi lost his job two years ago and decided to pose as a groom to earn a quick buck, said the police. He registered with a matrimonial website and pretended to be a Delhi-based businessman dealing in import-export. Vantakadivisi, who actually resides in Bangalore, sought matches from well-educated girls with good family backgrounds.The complainant, a 37-year-old photographer from Kalwa, said, \"He approached my family with a marriage proposal in 2009. A few months later, we got engaged. One day, he told my parents that he needed money to pay to Customs officials to secure the release of his cargo. My unsuspecting parents fell for his lies and readily gave him the cash.\"The accused used a series of lies to extract cash as well as gold ornaments to the tune of Rs 2.06 lakh from the victim and her parents.\"He promised to repay us but never did. He also kept delaying our marriage. This made us suspicious and we decided to approach the Mulund police,\" said the complainant.Meanwhile, another woman who had been conned by Vantakadivisi lodged a complaint with the Juhu police, which laid a trap and nabbed him on February 3. Last Tuesday, the Mulund police took Vantakadivisi's custody.During the probe, the Mulund police learnt that Vantakadivisi has duped four women in the city. Investigators are now trying to find other women who might have fallen prey to Vantakadivisi's con.\"The accused mortgaged the ornaments he took from the victim's family with a jeweller in Mulund,\" said an officer. The Mulund police have recovered Rs 83,000 in cash from Vantakadivisi.over four girls from different places at Juhu, Versova and Mulund siphoning valuables to the tune running in lakhs of rupees. He is in the custody of Mulund police till February 15 for duping a 37-year-old photographer to the tune of cash and gold ornaments worth Rs2.06 lakhs since 2009.Vantakadivisi became a bonafide candidate by getting registered his name in the portal and mentioned that he is looking for a proposal from a well educated girl hailing from a decent family. The victim who hails from Kalwa, in her complaint, said, \"The accused came up with a marriage proposal in 2009. He got engage with him and gradually he started collecting the money from my parents claiming to make payments. He promised to return the money. But failed. Even he kept delaying the marriage making suspicious about him.\"Based on the complaint filed on February 6, the accused was arrested. Explaining the modus operandi, Jadhav said, \"The accused has uploaded his profile on the marriage portal as Delhi-based businessman dealing in import-export. He claimed of hailing from Delhi. But his actual whereabouts has been found in Bangalore registered himself on the portal to show that he is looking for a bride. He frequently visits the victim and her parents to gain their confidence before executing the fraud.\"Investigators said that the accused makes away with the victim's gold ornaments after he get them in confidence and make them to accompany him to hotel to get closer. \"The victim from Kalwa was fooled after she visited a Mulund-based hotel cum lodge on four occasions after he got engaged with her. He duped other victims with similar modus operandi,\" the investigators said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882619", "title": "All you need is love", "text": "BANGALORE: I'd do anything for love... Meat Loaf's 1993 hit single will be played out in different tunes and find varied expression today, as the city's lovebirds conjure up unique ways to express their feelings to their beloved. From microlight rides to personally rustling up a gourmet meal at a fivestar hotel, to buckets full of 'I-Love-You' messages, the ideas range from wild and wacky to the tried and tested.In fact, the entire week is being celebrated, since V-Day popped up early in the week. In a testimony to the times we live in, many are seeking professional help to impress their sweethearts.The Yellow Cycle, a start-up that designs and retails out-of-the-ordinary experiences for people, is helping a couple celebrate V-Day in the air by flying in a microlight aircraft. The 40-minute flight out of Jakkur air base, with a BMW pickup, will set the lovebirds back by Rs 20,000.Many young ladies will be in for a surprise, as their boyfriends and husbands have planned day-long treasure hunts, the reward being, well, we'll keep that a surprise and not play spoilsport.Dottedi, a gifting solutions company, is customizing V-Day gifting ideas, one being the treasure hunt. Their most sought-after gifting idea is a bucket containing '100 Reasons Why I Love You' for a price of Rs 650. A majority of takers for the bucket have been women, as men shy away from the idea saying \"but I can't come up with that many reasons!\"The other gifting ideas that have found lots of takers: the Postman, where a man in a postman's costume delivers letters to his loved one dated 10 years ago; the 'Doodhwala' experience, where a milkman pays you a visit at 6am with a task that might have you get your hands dirty in cow dung or sewer water.On a more romantic note, The Yellow Cycle has received a number of requests for their 'Be a Chef' experience, which is essentially preparing a four-course meal for your loved one at a five-star hotel or a fine dining restaurant.ON THE WINGS OF LOVEWith love is in the air, what better way to celebrate the occasion, but in the air? Air charter companies have been flooded with requests from love-smitten lads looking to take their lady loves on a chartered flight, either just around Bangalore or to a weekend destination. The cost: anywhere between Rs 75,000 and Rs 2 lakh. Deccan Charters has eight such requests.MENU FOR THE HEARTLalit Ashok is playing cupid to an 'aphrodisiac menu' that's been created from some of the best-known aphrodisiac food items which include strawberries, duck, prawns, garlic, goat cheese, avocado, asparagus, fennel and chocolate, to name a few. The menu, which entails a five-course meal served in specially created love shacks, will cost Rs 8,000, exclusive of taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11881969", "title": "Valentine's Day: 22 couples celebrate in special style", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a memorable Monday for city residents as they celebrated Valentine's Day at a city-based restaurant on Ferozepur road. As many as 22 couples gathered for the special occasion hosted by Naresh Bansal. Everyone had a gala time dancing on romantic songs and playing romantic games.All the couples enjoyed candlelight dinner as well. Resident of Rose Enclave, Naresh Bansal said they all gather on special days like Deepawali, Holi, Lohri, Republic Day and Valentine's and make the most of it. He said their main objective is to celebrate such days with pomp and show so that they can enjoy and make lovely memories.Resident of Aggar Nagar, H S Bains said he came with his family members, who had too much of fun. He said after this evening, he is feeling much relaxed, adding that the best thing he liked about the evening was the couple dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880402", "title": "Probe Rs1cr seizure, BJP tells SEC", "text": "MUMBAI: The state election commissioner (SEC) on Monday sought a report on the seizure of Rs 1 crore from a vehicle, believed to have been used for election-related work by the Congress.Hours after the Amravati police seized the amount on Sunday, the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) claimed that the amount was part of party funds that state minister Rajendra Mulak had sent to the Amravati Congress.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) sought the SEC's intervention and alleged that the episode was a gross violation of the election code of conduct and that it amounted to a criminal offence.In a letter to state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan, party spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, \"News reports and information gathered by local party workers suggest that the vehicle from which the money was seized was part of chief minister's Prithviraj Chavan's convoy during his election trip to Amravati on Saturday. It can't be ruled out that the money was found after Chavan left.\" Chavan said the party had clarified that it was part of party funds.The letter further said, \"Even as parties are allowed to send cash to local branches during the election period, it should be accompanied by a letter from the party's treasurer, which was not found in this case. The party claimed the amount producing a letter from another party functionary. The letter was produced after the seizure, which raises a finger of grave suspicion.\"BJP leader Kirit Somaiya alleged that \"while the Congress claimed that the amount was party funds, it was not seen as withdrawn from the party's bank account\".The BJP meanwhile wrote to the Bombay Stock Exchange urging it not to conduct business on February 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11881785", "title": "Hundreds of crorepatis take guard for BMC poll battle", "text": "Muscle and money power have always been constants in Mumbai civic polls. This time they are more so. A study of candidates ' affidavits by NGOs Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR) and AGNI shows that 15% of them are crorepatis while 13% have criminal cases pending against them. Scores of contenders have lakhs or crores in assets, yet no declared permanent account number (PAN). And the average worth of candidates of most major parties is about Rs 1 crore.The figures have been reached from the affidavits of 855 candidates that were studied by the two NGOs by Monday evening. Extrapolated to the total 2,233 contestants the numbers will still, in all probability, hold true, statisticians said.\"One can safely conclude from these statistics that either candidates have been more transparent in disclosing assets in this poll or the numbers have actually gone up for various reasons. If the latter is the case here, then this is a disturbing trend,\" said Ajit Ranade of ADR.Of the 855 affidavits examined , the Congress has the most number of crorepatis in the fray , followed closely by the BJP, NCP and the Shiv Sena. The grand old party has another distinction in that its candidates' average worth is about Rs 1.5 crore. In other major parties, the average worth is a little more or less than Rs 1 crore. Beyond this, 248 candidates have no liabilities and 57 have liabilities below 1 lakh.According to the NGOs' study, Brian Francis Miranda is one of the richest men participating in the battle for the ballot. The Congress contestant from ward 84 (Kalina Village ), he has movable and immovable assets worth Rs 43 crore and three criminal cases pending against him. His police record, though, is not an anomaly.Thirteen per cent of the candidates examined by AGNI and ADR have criminal cases-of which about half are \"serious criminal cases\" - pending against them. This is in sharp contrast to the 2007 poll when just 3% of the contestants admitted having a criminal record or cases pending against them. The 2007 figure , in turn, was a drop from the 2002 numbers when more than two-thirds of the candidates had serious chargesranging from assault and rioting to illegal possession of arms and murder-in their record. Experts called the 2012 figure particularly troubling, arguing that such percentages are usually witnessed in Uttar Pradesh elections. Among major parties, the Shiv Sena and the MNS have the maximum number of tainted candidates. \"We have been fighting to get clean candidates in corporations . Now it is up to voters to take this fight forward by not electing tainted candidates,\" said Sharad Kumar of AGNI.In their analysis, AGNI and ADR also discovered that 110 candidates have not disclosed their PAN despite possessing assets totalling Rs 10 lakh or more. In the last poll, more than half the candidates had not revealed their PAN. Additionally , the two NGOs found that 32% of the candidates are \"eighth-standard pass\" or less and 26% are graduates. In all, they found that the ratings of candidates have fallen compared to previous polls.Finding The Polling BoothA state election commission initiative allows citizens to trace their names and numbers in electoral rolls as well as their polling centres and polling booth numbers through these ways", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883822", "title": "Tamil hit \u2018Ko\u2019 to screen at Cinequest film festival", "text": "Four films with an Indian connection are slated to screen at the 22nd Cinequest international film festival, held in San Jose, Calif., from Feb. 28-Mar. 11.The Tamil smash hit \" Ko\" (The King) has had its songs removed for this festival screening in Cinequest's Global Landscapes Competition. Starring Jeeva and Karthika Nair, the film is described as an \"action-packed, lightly comedic, and delightfully smart political thriller.\"The documentary \"The Island President,\" screening in Cinequest's Documentary Competition, introduces viewers to Mohamed Nasheed, president of the tiny island nation off the coast of India. \"Amongst discussions of global warming and its dire effects, Nasheed knows that without any changes, his nation would vanish under the sea in 30 years,\" said a festival spokesperson. Nasheed resigned this month.Producer Giju John and director Sandeep Mohan bring us \"Love, Wrinkle-Free,\" a comic film about a Goa native's dealings in business and love, also competing in the Global Landscapes Competition. \"At its heart, 'Love, Wrinkle-Free' is an offbeat, light-hearted story about love going beyond cosmetic barriers - a universal theme that finds resonance across the world,\" said a spokesperson for the film.Finally, the Oscar-nominated short film \"Raju,\" about a young German couple's attempt to adopt a Kolkata slum child, will screen in a shorts program titled \"Give and Take.\"The Cinequest film festival will feature as its opening night film Jean-Luc Besson's \" The Lady,\" a biopic about Aung San Suu-Kyi. The closing night's film is \"The Deep Blue Sea,\" from auteur Terence Davies, followed by a gala party.By Lisa Tsering, India-West staff reporterSource: India-West", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883966", "title": "Ayaz Khan injures Ali Zafar", "text": "On the sets of David Dhawan's \"Chashme Baddor\" where actors Ayaz Khan and Ali Zafar were engaged in a fight sequence while shooting the fight scene, Ali Zafar got hurt.The whole episode happened so quickly that it took time to sink in and before Ayaz could realise that his co-star had got hurt. Though the injury was unintentional, Ayaz apologized for what had happened. Recalling the incident Ayaz said,\" I was really upset about what happened, but accidents often take place and I'm glad that Ali is recovering from the injury.\" Ayaz has previously done a fight scene with Imran Khan in the film Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na, where he played Genelia DSouza's boyfriend. The scene had left quite an impact on the audiences.Iti Shree Misra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881255", "title": "Pipili rape: Governor upset over SCW report, seeks fresh probe", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Governor M C Bhandare is reportedly upset over the recent controversial report prepared by the State Commission for Women (SCW) chairperson on the Pipili incident involving a 19-year-old Dalit girl, who is now battling her life in a comatose state at the SCB Medical College and hospital, Cuttack. The governor asked the commission to study the issue further and prepare a fresh report, informed sources said.The governor, who visited the victim at the SCB, had a meeting with the commission chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi on Saturday on the Pipili issue, attended by legal officer and other key officials. The meeting discussed Panigrahi's report, which has since invited severe criticism from many quarters with allegations that even while the crime branch is investigating the matter she submitted the report without doing sufficient homework and field visit, ostensibly as a face saver for the government. Though Panigrahi later denied the charge saying that she only placed the contents in the complaints, few have bought her story.When contacted, the SCW chairperson admitted to meeting the governor, but declined to divulge details. \"The meeting discussed women-related issues including the incident that took place near Pipili,\" Panigrahi said. She parried queries on whether or not the governor asked her to study the incident further and prepare another report. \"As chairperson of the commission I can send reports to appropriate authority from time to time,\" she said.Panigrahi invited protests by opposition parties and various women's organizations after she submitted her report to the chief minister on February 1, in which she recommended strong action against doctors both at the Capital hospital and SCB for neglecting the treatment of the girl, but remained silent about action against police, which repeatedly refused to accept complaints from the girl's family and allegedly tried to hush up the matter reportedly under pressure from ruling BJD leaders.Police registered cases under different sections of IPC, including 376 (rape) on January 9 at 7 pm after hurriedly obtaining a complaint from the girl's family at the Capital hospital here, only after the state human rights commission took up the case. The complaint highlighted how she was earlier taken to the SCB, but was treated like a 'dog' and released under pressure from politicians. The complaint also alleged that the women's commission 'despite knowing everything took no tangible action'.The November 29 incident, in which miscreants allegedly attempted to gang rape the girl and strangulate her to death at a field near her house, about 5 kms from Pipili, has since wreaked havoc in the state, leading to resignation of the local MLA and minister Pradip Maharathy, transfer of Puri SP and dismissal of Pipili police station inspector.Member secretary of National Commission for Women (NCW) and senior functionaries from the National Commission for Scheduled Caste (NCSC) visited SCB and the victim girl's village to investigate into the case. Sources said D Basak, director of NCSC has submitted a six-page report to the commission on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880200", "title": "Infra, facilities in place", "text": "HALCON has invested nearly Rs 70 crore to upgrade existing infrastructure. The Ozar airport comprises an air cargo complex, warehousing, integrated packing centre for perishables, cold storage, screening, comprehensive ground handling services for airlines, CCTV surveillance, bar-coding, labelling and customs' linkage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11866225", "title": "Valentine's day greeting cards doubled up as love messengers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Their first Valentine's Day fell six days after their marriage 25 years ago and Renu Oberoi and Gurwinder Oberoi expressed their love for each other through greeting cards.Every date significant to their special bond is etched in Renu's memory. Married to Gurwinder, a senior manager at a pharmaceutical company, Renu remembers when they first met, went out for dinner, the day when they first exchanged gifts and their first Valentine's Day.Married on February 8, 1987, the couple, residents of Sector 38, recently entered the 25th year of their married life. As their wedding anniversary is close to Valentine's Day, they usually celebrate both the occasions on February 8 it self. \"Greeting cards were the most popular gifts those days and that's what we gifted each other,\" recalls Renu.\"We saw each other for the first time on November 18 at our 'roka' ceremony and exchanged rings on November 29. On December 8, we met for the first time after engagement and then saw each other several times until February 8 next year to know each other's nature,\" says Renu, a librarian at Post-graduate Government College-Sector 11. A memorable experience for her from these meetings before marriage is dropping her better half to bus stand on February 6, two days before their marriage!\"We have witnessed each other's growth right from the beginning of our careers. We started from scratch and have come far holding hands in our professional and personal lives. From living in a rented premises to owning a beautiful home, we have been a part of each other's growth,\" added Renu.Gurwinder knows what would make his wife happy. Renu loves gold and diamonds as gift and he knows exactly what to buy for her on any occasion, she adds. She narrates how Gurwinder loves arranging parties but, when it comes to managing the kitchen, it's a nightmare to hand it over to her husband. \"Even if he attempts making a cup of tea, the entire kitchen ends in a mess. He is not a kitchen person at all and that part is managed by me alone,\" said Renu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai ", "code": "11880956", "title": "After tiff with hubby, techie hangs self", "text": "CHENNAI : A 27-year old software engineer hailing from West Bengal committed suicide by hanging in her house in Pazhavanthangal in the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday.Police suspect that she ended her life after a quarrel with her husband. Police said the victim, Maushmi Rai, was against her husband Nithin Sarkar, also a software engineer, going abroad. Sarkar was to leave for the US on Monday. The two got married on June 27, 2010, and Rai insisted that he shouldn't go.After shopping on Saturday evening, the couple had returned home in Brindavan Nagar, where they lived with Sarkar's mother.\"As Rai started cooking, an argument broke out,\" a police officer said. After dinner, they retired to two different rooms. Usually Rai sleeps till 10am on Sundays and Sarkar did not bother to wake her up. But as she did not step out of her room even after noon, Sarkar became suspicious and knocked on the door. \"He tried to force it open. As the latch was loose, the door opened and he found her hanging by her duppata tied to a hook on the ceiling,\" said Pazhavanthangal inspector N Balakrishnan Prabhu.Since the couple were married for less than seven years, an inquiry by a revenue divisional officer has been ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11878783", "title": "PC would soon be behind bars in 2G scam: Uma", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Dalits and backwards should understand the fact that its the power of their vote which has transformed the lives of many leaders who now claim to be their biggest well wishers. Now when the Congress is talking of providing reservation to minorities they have also followed suit without taking note of the fact that they are harming the interest of OBC's, said firebrand BJP leader, Uma Bharti while addressing a meeting at Preetam Nagar in support of BJP candidate from city West assembly constituency, Ramji Kesarwani.Accusing her opponents of clamoring for power she said that when she became the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh she immediately shaved off her head and started attending to the problems of people.She also took a jibe at Congress leader, Rahul Gandhi for his 'dalit prem' and said that \"If Rahul Gandhi shares meal at the the house of dalit this is not important but if a Dalit is offered food inside former's house this is news\".On the other hand exhorting the people to throw off the Ravan raj from UP and instal Ram Raj, cinestar MP, Shatrughan Sinha said that he has always followed on the footsteps of Lord Rama. Stating that the day is not far when union Home Minister would be sent to jail in 2G Spectrum scam he said that \"I have always supported Anna Hazare's movement against corruption and would continue to do so.He highlighted the fact that ho far has Bihar gone in the field of development under the BJP and JD(U) coalition government and urge the people to vote for BJP. Others present at the meeting included BJP candidate from city South, Keshari Nath Tripathi, Shashank Shekhar Pandey, Hemant Dubey,Rajendra Mishra and others.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11879284", "title": "UTI to spread financial literacy in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: The UTI 'Knowledge Caravan' will be passing through Megalaya next week with an aim to spread financial literacy across the country. This is the fourth caravan by UTI as part of its investor education initiative - 'Swatantra' - in partnership with the Union ministry of corporate affairs.The caravan was flagged of by Naresh Pachisia, managing director, SKP Securities , in Kolkata on February 7. Besides Meghalaya, the caravan will also cover West Bengal, Assam, Orissa, Bihar, Chattishgarh, Jharkhand, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh - travelling more than 14,500 km in about 245 days.As a part of this initiative, the four UTI Knowledge Caravans will travel the length and breadth of the country spreading financial literacy. The first Caravan was flagged off on October 31, 2011, from Delhi; second on November 15, 2011, from Mumbai; and third on February 2, 2012, from Chennai.The four caravans are travelling through 510 cities and towns and 6,000 villages covering a total distance of about 47,350 km, while the Investor Education Initiative is being conducted in 13 different languages.Notably, UTI Mutual Fund conducts 'Investor Meets' for investors specifically targeting hatts, mandis, SME clusters and various industrial areas, besides conducting educational programmes at schools and colleges to spread awareness on the significance of savings and investments to the youth.Jaideep Bhattacharya, group president and chief marketing officer, UTI AMC , said: \"This initiative enforces our commitment to continue spreading financial literacy across the country.In 2010, UTI Mutual Fund had launched its largest Investor Education Initiative called 'Swatantra'. We are now taking this movement ahead to cover various schools, colleges, SME clusters, hatts and industrial areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878828", "title": "Floral tributes paid to CRPF cop", "text": "VARANASI: Floral tributes were paid to CRPF constable Bhaskar Jyoti Kumar, who died in a road accident on February 11 at the headquarters of 95th battalion of CRPF at Pahadia.After the end of second phase of Assembly elections, the CRPF personnel of G/72 battalion left Kushi Nagar for Varanasi in a truck on February 11. When the vehicle was passing through Chandawak area in Jaunpur district, it had a head-on collision with another coming from the opposite direction. As many as 10 CRPF personnel suffered serious injuries in the accident.Seriously injured Bhaskar was rushed to a private hospital in Lanka where he succumbed to injuries on Sunday. His body was taken to Pahadia, where divisional commissioner AK Upadhyaya, IG RP Singh, district magistrate Ravindra, DIG Ram Kumar, DIG CRPF (Allahabad range) SC Parashar, commandant of 95th battalion of CRPF VS Sharma and other officials paid floral tributes to Bhaskar constable. His body was sent to his home district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11879486", "title": "Manjhi murder case cracked, claim cops", "text": "BOKARO: A special task force, constituted by Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi in connection with murder of Amit Manjhi, district president of the Jharkhand Chatra Morcha (JCM), has arrested three more criminals. Manjhi was shot dead by a few motorbike-born criminals on Saturday night when he was on his way to residence at Adarsh Cooperative under Sector XII police station here.The JMM leaders on Sunday had given 24 hours' ultimatum to the district police to arrest the murderers of their youth wing leader failing which it would launch agitation.Dwivedi had constituted a task force, led by City DSP Anil Shanker, circle inspector Naresh Sahay and other officers. The police team on Sunday had arrested three accused - Pinto Singh, Manoj Pandey and Birendra Yadav - based on suspicion raised by the elder brother of the deceased, Karamchand Manjhi. Kuldeep while addressing mediapersons at his office claimed to have solved the case completely within 24 hours by arresting six of the seven accused, including mastermind Yadav and Singh. \"Our investigation made it clear that Amit was murdered following a land dispute with the accused. It was a planned murder,\" said SP.He said the police team has on Monday arrested three more accused - Hareram Sharma, Bhusan Chandravanshi and Bablu - on Monday from their residences in Sector-IX. \"Yadav and Singh during police interrogation revealed the names of Sharma, Chadravanshi, Bablu and another criminal, who is absconding. Police have recovered a pistol and two motorbikes from their possession. Two country-made pistols were recovered earlier from the spot.Dwivedi said Sharma during interrogation revealed that they committed the crime for money. Yadav and Singh had paid him Rs 2,000 as advance and promised to pay R 1 lakh later. Sharma also said Manjhi was creating difficulty for Yadav by stopping construction work carried out by him on the land project in Satanpur. Manjhi also had an altercation with Yadav and Singh which prompted the duo to remove Manjhi from their way by killing him. Chandravanshi said Manjhi was carrying weapon with which he retaliated by opening fire on them. But bullet triggered by Singh hit him on his back and later they pumped three more bullets.Dwivedi said Sharma has a criminal history while they are checking the history of others. \"We will take the accused in police remand to fetch more information in the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878268", "title": "Valentine's Day: Red roses in short supply", "text": "VARANASI: It will be difficult to gift a red rose this Valentine's Day. The low production of red roses in the region and the whole of northern India has caused an acute shortage of red roses in the city.According to Govind Kumar Verma, a flourist and supplier of decorative flowers in Luxa, the long lasting winters have played a major role in this.\"Roses need hot and humid climate to grow. However, this year the horticulturists have faced tremendous difficulty in growing the flower. A plant that should give nearly three-four flowers a day has produced only one-two flowers. On the other a hand, it was difficult to take out even 100 red roses from a field that has a capacity of producing approximately 800 flowers a day,\" informed Verma.Notably, a large quantity of flowers in the city is brought from adjoining villages specially Raja Talab, Lohta, Sundarpur, Shivpur, Babatpur and neighbouring districts like Allahabad and Lucknow. The occasional demand like for Valentine's Day is being met by ordering flowers from Pune, Bangalore, Delhi and Kolkata. But if the flourists of the city are to be believed, the climate has affected rose production in all these areas.However there is a huge demand for roses in the town but buyers, especially youngsters, are not ready to give a second thought while purchasing roses for their dear ones. \"Valentine's Day is incomplete without the roses. Nothing can best replace the value of a rose. Even a single stick of rose is valuable for people who enjoy this manmade festival,\" shared Nikita , a student of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and a buyer at a gift shop in Sigra.\"The very first thing that comes in mind while choosing gifts for people you would want to wish Valentine's Day is a red rose. It is costly at this time but no one minds shelling out extra bucks,\" shared Arun, another buyer for Valentine's gifts.A local rose stick that earlier cost Rs 10 is now selling at Rs 20 and Rs 30 with decorations, while the imported red roses which usually are available at Rs 30 per stick are selling for Rs 45-50 and Rs 60 (with decorations) per stick. \"The prices of bouquets with roses have also increased, and customers are told about the increased prices of the red roses before decorating a bouquet. Some customers are choosing to cut short the number of roses for that matter,\" informed Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11878895", "title": "Laxmi Orang held for staging fast without permission", "text": "GUWAHATI: Laxmi Orang, the Adivasi woman who was stripped by a mob during a rally of the tribal community demanding ST status in 2007, on Monday tried to stage a hunger strike at Dispur Last Gate demanding inclusion of her community in the ST list. She was arrested by police as she had not taken permission from the Kamrup Metro administration to hold her fast.Laxmi, however, threatened to carry on her hunger strike at the Dispur police station. Dispur police arrested her and three others when they were heading to the Last Gate area to sit on a weeklong hunger strike demanding ST status for Adivasis. Laxmi was to fast from Monday till February 18.\"I will start my hunger strike right here if the authorities don't permit me to sit on a hunger strike at Dispur Last Gate. There is nothing wrong in fasting as it is a democratic way of protest. We had sought for permission for the event on February 3 but the authorities did not reply,\" said Laxmi.A police official of Dispur PS said, \"Laxmi did not have permission for any kind of demonstration in the city. She was arrested of trying to violate law and order.\"She added the demand for ST status for the Adivasis is not a new demand. \"We have been pleading for ST status for our community for a long time. In other states, Adivasis enjoy the ST status, but in Assam, the government is skirting the issue,\" she said.Laxmi also blamed the state government for neglecting the plight of the hundreds of Adivasi families who were displaced in the communal riots of 1996-98 in Kokrajhar district.\"More than 8,000 Adivasi people died and some 20,000 others were displaced in the riots. Most of them are still in various refugee camps and living their life in pathetic conditions,\" she said. Apart from this, she demanded that the state government raise the daily wages of tea leaf pluckers.Meanwhile, the All Adivasi Students' Association, which backs Laxmi in her demands, has decided to launch a statewide roadblock on February 18 to protest against her arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884034", "title": "Mainak Bhaumik to direct a new flick", "text": "Mainak Bhaumik, for the first time, will be directing a film which has not been penned by him.The director is all set to direct 'Char Dewal', a novel by Suchitra Bhattacharya.\"I'm tired of directing films written by me. So, I chose Suchitradi's novel because one can relate to her work easily. \"CD\" is about a modern-day nuclear family which seems happy and well-settled from the outside, but is completely dysfunctional on the inside. I haven't yet zeroed in on the cast. I had initial talks with Roopa Ganguly and Swastika Mukherjee, for the role of the mother and daughter respectively, and they have shown interest in the film. Abir Chatterjee will be essaying a pivotal role while Sumit Thakur of \"Madly Bangalee\" will be playing the son's character in \"CD\",\" said Mainak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "11881246", "title": "Monday holiday for Keonjhar schools", "text": "KEONJHAR: Around 40 primary schools of Deogaon education circle in Keonjhar's Ghasipura block are closed on Mondays instead of the universal Sunday. Practical purposes and religious reasons are behind it. The weekly market meets on Monday, while the same day is considered sacred for the worship of Shiva at the Kushaleswar Mahadev temple in Deogaon. When the education department ordered that Sunday be observed as weekly holiday like other schools, villagers challenged the order in the high court.\"About 40 primary schools in that area observe Monday as holiday. After introduction of the Right to Education Act, we had ordered them to observe Sunday as holiday. But the villagers moved the Orissa high court,\" said Chaturbhuja Sethy, district inspector of schools (Anandpur). The primary schools that are shut are in Deogaon, Keshdurapal, Bhandardiha, Khaliamenta and Tarimul gram panchayats of Ghasipura block.The practice started in 1991 when the then chairman of Ghasipura block ordered to observe Monday as working day. The teachers association and villagers challenged the order in the Orissa high court. After the court order, schools observed Monday as weekly holiday and Sunday as working day.After the Right to Education Act came into force, the education department has ordered the school management to observe Monday as working day and Sunday as holiday like other schools. But the villagers, school management and teachers of that area are not ready to do so.\"It is a tradition. Monday being the weekly market day and the day of Kushaleswar Mahadev, the day was declared holiday for all primary schools. Also, education in schools on a weekly market day would be affected. It was the only big weekly market of that area and people can procure all essentials on that day,\" said a local.Bhaskar Chandra Mishra, former chairman of primary school association said, \"The schools are observing Monday as weekly holiday because of weekly market and puja day in Kushaleswar Mahadev since years. So villagers moved the court in October 2011 challenging the order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881318", "title": "Noted poet Shahryar passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Renowned Urdu poet Akhlaq Mohammad Khan, who wrote under the pen name 'Shahryar' and immortalized himself as the lyricist of 'Umrao Jaan', passed away in Aligarh on Monday fter battling lung cancer . He was 75 and received the Jnanpith Award for 2008 in September last year. He is best known for songs like 'Dil cheez kya hai aap meri jaan lijiye', 'In aakhon ki masti ke mastaane hazaron hain' from 'Umrao Jaan'.His last rites will be performed in that town. Born Akhlaq Mohammed Khan, Shahryar had received the Jnanpith Award, India's highest literary award, in the year 2008. The 75-year-old poet was equally respected in his role as writer and academician, and wrote the lyrics for all of Muzaffar Ali's films. From Yeh kya jagah hai doston in Umrao Jaan to Seene mein jalan and Ajeeb saneha mujh par guzar gaya in Gaman, as well as Gulab jism ka which Shabana Azmi sang for Anjuman, all hold instant recall value to this day.His son Faredoon who lives in Mumbai said,\"He passed away around 8.30 pm Monday. My elder brother was with him when he breathed his last.'' Shahryar had visited Mumbai for treatment last year and met Yash Chopra at the time.\"He had written the songs of Yashji's'Faasle'. My father worked extensively with Muzaffar Ali , having written for Zooni which got shelved and another three ghazals for his forthcoming film,'' Faredoon said. He recalled the family's happiness at seeing their ailing father walk up to receive the Jnanpith award. Actor Farooque Shaikh was shocked at the news.\"This is a big loss to the world of Urdu literature. Shahryar Sahab wrote the lyrics for four of my films, Gaman, Umrao Jaan, Anjuman and Faasle, and each of them was a masterpiece. I met him several times during the 1980s and more recently at his son's residence in Mira Road when he came over to Mumbai for cancer treatment.''Shaikh describes Shahryar as an extraordinary poet. ``He was extremely well educated and always mindful of the fact that his verses should give society something to think about even amidst all the ornamentation,'' he says. ``Like all true artistes, he led a quiet life away from publicity. But his writings speak for him.'' Urdu writer Hasan Kamal said, `\"Shahryar Sahab's passing is tragic news. Not only was he a fine human being but one of the best poets in modern Urdu literature. His songs from Umrao Jaan and Gaman are popular to this day. He was media shy but otherwise very friendly.''Shahryar was born June 16, 1936, in a village named Anwalla in Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh. He received his early education at Bulandshahr and then studied at Aligarh Muslim University. He was appointed as a lecturer in Urdu at Aligarh Muslim University in 1986 and served until in 1996 he retired as chairman of the Urdu Department of the University. He edited the literary magazine `Sher-o-Hikmat'. In 1987 he received the Sahitya Akademy Award in Urdu for his poetry collection, `Khwab Ka Dar Band Hai'. He leaves behind three children, two sons and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880421", "title": "State offers higher salary to lure doctors to villages", "text": "KOLKATA: To arm government hospitals with not only state-of-the-art medical facilities, but also the best of doctors, the state government is set to recruit around 200 doctors at salaries which are substantially higher than other health service recruits. Some will be empanelled and later join rural health centres and hospitals.They will serve primarily at the sick neo-natal care units (SNCU) that are being set up across the state. Even though it will cost the state exchequer an additional Rs 11 crore a year, the move had become inevitable since the best doctors are often reluctant to work outside cities, health department sources said.Being appointed on a one-year contract, 96 doctors have already been recruited. Around a 100 more will be taken in over the next six to seven months. While a contractual general duty medical officer receives Rs 40,000 on appointment, the SNCU recruits will be paid around 20% more. It will also be higher than what the state health service recruits receive. Those with experience will receive even higher compensation which could work out to more than 50% of what a health service doctor is paid. Even though the official reason is that these doctors will be doing a \"high-risk, high-skilled job that requires them to be on their toes almost round-the-clock\", the fact is that the health department is keen on a good bunch of medics who would otherwise have not joined the government ranks.\"It's true that doctors are not willing to serve in rural and semi-urban areas. One major reason is that these hospitals don't have the infrastructure to deliver quality services which put them at risk and make their job tougher. Since we are now setting up SNCUs which will offer the best facilities, they will find it easier to serve there. Unless we have the best talent available, it won't be of much use having the best facilities,\" said Tridib Banerjee, chairman of the task force for infant mortality.Along with freshers, senior doctors are also being appointed. Health service medical officers serving at the SNCUs will receive a special grant of Rs 8,000 per month. While some appointment letters have already been handed out, more are due in the next few weeks. \"Some are taking their exams while others are yet to complete their internship. So, we are waiting for them to come and collect the letters,\" said Dilip Ghosh, commissioner of the health and family welfare department.The compensation package for the recruits will vary according to seniority. While fresh recruits form a substantial number, there is \"an adequate number of senior and very senior doctors\" as well. Despite the attractive packages being offered, the health department fears that several recruits may not eventually join the service. \"This is, after all, a contractual service. Once health service recruitments begin, some may choose to leave. There would be yet others who are still weighing their options and may finally choose to opt out. But overall, the response has been good. We hope to be able to fill up all the slots by the middle of this year,\" said a health official. The health department plans to set up 26 SNCUs by March. Sixteen of them are functional. Each will have eight to ten doctors on an average.An intensive training programme has been designed for the recruits. First, the health department will hold a training camp for trainers later this month. \"It will be conducted by members of the National Neo-natalogists' Forum. Those who attend the camp will train our doctors, in turn. It will be a massive programme that will cover all aspects of neo-natal care,\" said Banerjee.The recruitment will be a continuous process, health officials said. \"There will be vacancies from time to time. So, we will keep recruiting accordingly. The better compensation packages should help to retain doctors,\" Banerjee added.While a contractual general duty medical officer receives Rs 40,000 on appointment, the SNCU recruits will be paid around 20% more. Those with experience will receive even higher compensation which could work out to more than 50% of what a health service doctor is paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882756", "title": "Submit proper papers, get refill", "text": "BANGALORE: The food and civil supplies department has made it clear that LPG consumers must submit details of their connection to gas agencies, failing which they will not get their refill cylinders.Principal secretary, food and civil supplies, BA Harish Gowda told TOI on Monday that there will be no delay in supply of refill cylinders for those who have submitted valid documents . But those who haven't may be in trouble because the department will deem their connection as bogus. There are 24 lakh illegal connections in the state, he said.PVT AGENCIES SMILEPrivate players, meanwhile, are cashing on this confusion. Many have got new consumers, thanks to the time taken by the government to register a connection in the consumer's name and the ongoing confusion over bogus connections. \"In the past fortnight, we have given five new connections. Another six will be done in the next one week,\" said Sonaram Choudhary of Mathaji Gas Agency in Bommanahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879612", "title": "Snowfall in Leh snaps its air connection with city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leh-Chandigarh flight was cancelled on Monday following heavy snowfall in Leh. There are two flights in a week connecting Chandigarh with the secluded mountainous region and was launched in October last year by the Jet airways.As the flight could not take off from Leh airport on Monday morning, a large number of passengers were left disappointed and created some ruckus at the airport. Passengers kept on waiting for the flight till afternoon and left the airport premises only after the intervention of the officials of the Airport Authority of India (AAI) and the airlines officials. Passengers were disappointed because there are only two flights for Leh and they had to left for Delhi to reach Leh. Officials of the Jet Airways informed that flight was cancelled because of bad weather, which is not in their control.Jet operates flight to Leh on Monday and Thursday and it depart from Leh at 8.25am and arrive at 9.25am and it leaves Chandigarh airport at 10am to reach Leh in a little over an hour at 11.05am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881574", "title": "Software to track voting machines", "text": "PUNE: The state election commission will use a specialized software to keep track of the electronic voting machines (EVMs) supplied to 10 municipal corporations for the February 16 municipal elections. The software will keep track of the EVMs through a unique number allotted to each machine.Uday Tekale, assistant commissioner and chief of election department, Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation, said, \"The voting machines are randomly distributed to returning officers, who in turn hand them over to the polling center incharge. The number of voting machines and polling centres have been sent to the state election commission. This will ensure the election department knows which voting machine is kept at a particular polling booth, thus preventing displacement of voting machines.\"Voting machines were assigned randomly to the returning officers in the city on February 9. The name of polling centre and the assigned voting machine has been recorded. A demonstration of the counting of votes was held on Monday. The returning officers will inform result of the counting of votes to the civic election department and the state election commission simultaneously, he added.\"There are 1,330 polling centres in Pimpri Chinchwad. We have been given 10% more machines for emergency situations like failure of a machine. Each voting machine has a control unit and a ballot unit. One ballot unit has a capacity to accommodate names of 14 candidates at the most. If there are more than 14 contesting in a ward, then an extra ballot unit has to be attached to the control unit. About 26 wards in the city have more than 14 candidates,\" said Tekale.The software has been developed for the state election commission by the Bill Care Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881491", "title": "Cybercrooks exploit V-Day spirit", "text": "PUNE: If the young at heart are looking forward to the Valentine's Day, so is the usual suspect - the cyber crook. And those under attack are, predictably, users of social networking sites.Cyber security experts have already noticed a scam on Facebook that leverages people's mood to celebrate this day of love and romance.The attack begins with a post on affected users' walls, inviting other users to install a Valentine's theme into their Facebook profile. Once users click on this post, they are redirected to another page that urges them to install the said theme. Clicking the 'install' button on the page prompts the download of the malicious file, FacebookChrome.crx, which researchers at security firm Trend Micro have detected as TROJ_FOOKBACE.A. This attack works only on Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox browsers.When executed, TROJ_FOOKBACE. A executes a script that is capable of displaying ads from certain websites. It also installs itself on the users' browsers as an extension named Facebook Improvement Facebook.com. Once this malicious browser extension is installed, it will monitor the users' browsing activities and redirect their page to a survey page asking them for their mobile number. Users who click on the post using the Internet Explorer browser are redirected to the same survey, without them being asked to download anything.Researchers have discovered that the attack is more effective on Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox as it resembles a legitimate extension download, thus requiring less user interaction than in the case of Internet Explorer.Suchita Vishnoi, Head of Marketing at Trend Micro, told TOI, \"The fact that the attack itself is focused on Chrome and Firefox may mean that cyber criminals are targeting extension-compatible browsers, as well as going after more popular browser choices. This is not the first attack of its kind, considering these extension-capable browsers are coming to the forefront now.\" She added, \"Users should inspect such links and never click on any of them.\"She said that earlier this year, Trend Micro researchers were alerted to the discovery of a phishing attack that involves creating spoofed versions of web pages that ask for sensitive user information, such as login usernames, passwords and bank account numbers. Entering their information into such a page, the sensitive information is collected and sent to the cybercriminal responsible for the page itself, no doubt for malicious purposes, she added.\"Sometimes phishing emails are easy to spot with their poor grammar and spelling, completely unbelievable subject lines and misaligned copy. However, increasing amounts of phishing emails display official corporate logos and other designs that make them look quite legitimate,\" Vishnoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880245", "title": "Citizens'V-Day message from children: Please vote", "text": "NASHIK: In an exercise aimed at raising awareness among citizens, Nashik-based non-governmental organisation (NGO) Nashik Citizens' Forum (NCF) reached out to the parents of over two lakh students, appealing them to cast votes from their ward.\"We have appealed to every citizen of Nashik to first cast the vote and then carry out their daily chores,\" said Viraj Lomte, chairman, Mission Clean Politics.The NCF has carried out several programmes to raise awareness among the voters to cast their votes during general elections to wards of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) scheduled on February 16.Starting before declaration of elections, the NCF drafted a 10-point voter's guideline for Nashik citizens.Speaking on over the concept of sending out greeting cards, Lomte said that it was a greeting from children to the parents wishing them Happy Valentine Day and asking for a present - that of casting their vote for the future of the child.\"The guidelines said that candidate should be educated, at least be a graduate with five years of experience in social work, must have filed income tax returns for at least three years, no criminal or corruption or irregularity charges against them, no encroachments etc. The same has been printed over leaf of the greeting card sent to the children,\" Lomte said.The delivery of the nearly 2.25 lakh greeting cards cost Rs 0.35 per card and the expenses were borne by the sponsors. Sameer Deo, mobilising the campaign said that the organisation never subscribed to any contestant and in fact asked the voters to think for themselves who should represent their ward.NCF published handbills, hoardings, posters and stickers for which sponsors themselves got the job done with their own advertisement.\"Where we didn't find one, we stopped,\" Deo said adding that the organisation has so far reached more than 15,000 citizens through nearly 250 corner meetings, meetings of Rotary, senior citizens, laughter clubs and much more. Over the right to 'No Vote' choice, Deo said, that the group was asking the citizens to participate in the election first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879241", "title": "Security strengthened in Fort Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Security personnel have been deployed at Fort Kochi and Mattancherry, following the bomb attack on an Israeli embassy vehicle in New Delhi on Monday.City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said security would be strengthened at Fort Kochi, where the two Israeli citizens, who were served with deportation notices, were staying. Additional police would also be deployed at the Jewish Synagogue in Mattancherry.The city police had already apprised the state government of the security risk at Fort Kochi where the Israeli couple is staying in a rented house. A police official said night patrolling teams would be deployed in the area to strengthen security.The Israeli couple - Shneor Zalman and Yaffa Shenoi - who came to the city on March 3, 2010, had moved the Kerala high court against the deportation order issued by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879508", "title": "Online theft of IDs at Microsoft store", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hackers, calling themselves the Evil Shadow Team and reportedly based in China struck at www.microsoftstore.co.in on Sunday night, stealing login IDs and passwords of people who had used the site for shopping.According to reports, the IDs and passwords were stored in plain text files without any encryption.Evil Shadow later posted a message on the Microsoft website, saying the \"unsafe system will be baptized\".A Microsoft spokesperson said they were investigating a \"limited compromise\" of the company's online store in India. \"Customers have already been sent guidance on the issue and suggested immediate actions. We are diligently working to remedy the issue,\" the spokesperson said.In its email to customers, Microsoft reportedly claimed that databases storing credit card details and payment information were not affected during the security breach. At the same time, the company is said to have acknowledged that the exposed account details may include non-financial information, including e-mail addresses, passwords, order details and shipping addresses.Last year, hacker groups like Lulzsec had carried out several high-profile break-ins, putting the focus on security measures companies put in place. Sony allegedly suffered several security breaches and hackers stole user IDs and passwords of customers.Lulzsec had said that with its actions it was trying to draw attention to the poor security methods used at websites, even by multinational firms.Evil Shadow Team, a group of hackers reportedly based in China, struck Microsoft's online store in India, stealing customers' login IDs and passwords. Microsoft said it was a 'limited compromise'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11880055", "title": "JMC meeting turns into battlefield", "text": "JAIPUR: Lawlessness seemed to be the order of the day when fisticuff ensued among members of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) on Monday leading to hospitalization of some councillors.The incident occurred when the councillors were discussing issues in their respective wards during a discussion at the 12th general body meeting of the civic body.Kicks and punches followed when Independent councillor Haji Nawab Ali of ward number 67 threw garbage on the sanitation committee chairman. The committee was headed by BJP. The entire house then turned into a battlefield for more than 20 minutes.Ali's stunt irked the BJP members who tried to throw chairs at the dais of mayor Jyoti Khandelwal. Later, the fight was controlled by marshals and policemen present in the house.Amid the pandemonium, the house was adjourned for half an hour. Still angry over the incident, the BJP councilors tried to breach the security of the mayor's office but were stopped by police.\"The act is been done at the behest of the mayor. The BJP councilors were calmly participating in the proceedings but she did not want it to go peacefully, thus this 'shameful' act was committed,\" deputy mayor Manish Pareek alleged.Later, the BJP councilors demanded permanent suspension of Ali, but it was turned down by Khandelwal. However, Ali was suspended for the day and was not allowed to participate in the proceedings further in the day.Over the issue, the city Mayor said, \"The permanent suspension from the house is not possible under JMC rules. However, the act performed is very shameful and this is the reason he has been suspended for the day.\"Ali, who was injured during the incident, has been hospitalised in SMS Hospital after complaints of minor head injuries and he is kept under observation.Education minister Brij Kishore Sharma visited him in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880031", "title": "Artwork by Mumbai police brings in 3L", "text": "MUMBAI: Works of art by six officers of the Mumbai police fetched Rs 3 lakh at an exhibition and sale organized last Friday by Deutsche Bank. The benefits will go to the Mumbai police welfare fund. \"All 23 pieces were sold and there were demands for reprints,\" said a Deutsche Bank official.The initiative got off the ground when Gunit Chadha, CEO, Deutsche Bank, visited Arup Patnaik, commissioner of police. Chadha was told the art on the walls of Patnaik's office was the work of police officers.The officers are law-enforcers by day, and artists by night.Some, like constable Sanjay Sawant, have been formally trained in fine art. \"I learned art foundation at a college in Dadar and later even got my diploma in art instruction from NS Raheja School of Art. But I couldn't pursue it due to financial constraints,\" says Sawant, who contributed 10 pieces to the collection, including sketches of heritage buildings like Mount Mary Church and the commissioner's office. \"I usually paint after work for an hour or two and on weekends. I occasionally take leave to hold group and solo shows. My work has also been put up at exhibitions at the Jehangir Art Gallery,\" says Sawant, who mentions this was the first time he and his co-workers have had a chance to exhibit directly to people from the corporate world.Their paintings were displayed alongside those of artists like FN Souza, SH Raza and Jitish Kallat at Deutsche Bank's annual art event. The event was attended by Arup Patnaik, members of the Mumbai police force, art aficionados and corporate leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881773", "title": "TV making kids fussy eaters", "text": "MUMBAI: Television has emerged as the biggest culprit behind children developing and growing up with fussy eating habits. A study has revealed that 95% of fussy eating children , or those who consume nutritional food in negligible or inadequate quantities, watch television while eating meals.The findings were made based on interviews with 206 mothers from affluent families , who had children in the age group of 3-7 years. As many as 177 (86%) had a child with fussy eating habits, and at least 10% of the mothers were extremely worried about nutritional deficiencies their child could develop.Nutritional consultant Kim Milano, previously attached to the Children's National Medical Centre in Washington, said that while television robbing children of good eating habits was a global phenomenon, the figure of 86% was significant. \"A child should be eating with his/her family sitting together and not watching TV during meals.\" The habit of watching TV during meals does not seem to be restricted to children; 53% of the respondents said their family sits together at the dining table and also watches TV; 33% of the respondents said some adult family members eat in front of TV sets.Consuming junk food between meals has emerged as the second cause behind children developing fussy food habits. Forty-two per cent of mothers felt that eating junk food (specially fried foods, sweets) before meals killed their children's appetite for a proper lunch or dinner. The study found that younger the child, greater the incidence of feeding difficulties. In the study, 60% of the children with feeding difficulties were in the agegroup of 3-5 years. Twelve per cent of the mothers blamed their children's unhealthy eating habits on their maids.Milano said parents have a tendency to control what their children eat and that may not be a very healthy practice. \"Ideally , they should be controlling the environment in which the child's eating habits are nurtured , rather than controlling the child's act of eating.\"She said feeding problems may be difficult, if not impossible , to correct at a later stage.The door-to-door survey conducted by nutrition-based company Abbott and conducted by researching firm Ispos marketing, included Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Chennai and Bangalore, besides Mumbai . Delhi topped the list and Bangalore was at the bottom. \"Mumbai fared somewhere in the middle,\" said Vidya Sen, managing director, Ispos.Milano said that by the age of nine months, a child should be trained to use a spoon or made to learn to eat. \"By the age of 18 months, children should be able to feed themselves fairly well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881796", "title": "Slowdown hits collection of central taxes in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Indications are that Bihar's share in the Central taxes would get pruned by around Rs 2,000 crore as the global economic slowdown has already adversely impacted the collection of Central taxes for the current fiscal. Otherwise, the state's share in the Central taxes was expected to be Rs 28,805 crore in the current fiscal.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said on Monday that the Planning Commission has given an indication regarding the fall in the collection of Central taxes, as it has pointed out that it might not be possible to achieve the earlier projection of 20 % growth in Central taxes during the current fiscal. \"It only means that there will be a shortfall in total Central taxes collected during the current financial year. Every state gets its share from the pool of Central taxes. Like other states, Bihar, too, will get less money,\" Modi said, adding that Bihar's share, in all likelihood, would be slashed by Rs 2,000 crore.By implication, Bihar government's actual receipt from the Central taxes would be around Rs 26,805 crore. The state's share in the Central taxes was Rs 18,202 crore in the 2009-10 fiscal, and Rs 23,978 crore in 2010-11, Modi said. He added that as a result of the slashing of the state's share in Central taxes, some departments would not be able to make as much plan fund expenditure as it had been fixed for them, and accordingly, the size of the annual plan outlay for the current financial year that was Rs 24,000 crore would also get readjusted on the lower side.What, however, was a matter of concern was also the projection given by the Commission that the collection of Central taxes would record a growth of around only 15% during the next fiscal (2012-13), which, in actual terms, would mean further fall in Bihar's share in the Central taxes. The state's plan size/outlay for the 2012-13 fiscal would naturally get impacted, Modi said.He said this on the day after the conclusion of the third leg of the pre-budget exercise in which he had feedback and suggestions from economists, scholars and intelligentsia. Finance department principal secretary Rameshwar Singh, along with other officials of the department, also took part in it. Interestingly, as the Central Statistical Organization (CSO) advance estimate of the Bihar's growth rate for the current fiscal showed, the state was moving ahead with a growth rate of 13.13% on 2004-05 constant prices, Modi said, adding that it was 14.77% in 2010-11 and 10.41% in 2009-10. \"The hallmark of the state's growth story is that it had stabilized over the last seven fiscals at around 11.3 %,\" Modi said, adding that earlier, it used to fluctuate over a long range of difference from one year to the other.The government would present the full budget on February 24, preceded by the release of the Bihar Economic Survey Report on February 22, Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879921", "title": "Striking docs not to get certificates", "text": "HYDERABAD: Private medical colleges across the state are likely to remain shut on Tuesday in response to the day-long bandh call given by the striking junior doctors and students' organisations. Extending their support to the medicos, 17 student organisations on Monday issued a bandh call at a meeting with the junior doctors.The state government, which has refused to yield on a few of their demands, has now gone ahead and decided to withhold the provisional certificates of house surgeons who, as a result, would not be able to appear for the PG entrance examination in March. Of the 2,800 striking medicos, 2,000 are house surgeons.Looking to push their demands, the 150-odd house surgeons at Osmania Medical College (OMC) on Monday gheraoed principal Dr N Sudershan Rao and demanded immediate release of the certificates. Rao had only one answer for them - he had been directed by the state government to not issue the certificates.Were the government to refuse to climb down from its stand on the certificates, 300-odd MBBS graduates from Gandhi and Osmania Medical Colleges would be forced to give this year's PG entrance examination a miss. Similar would be the fates of all striking house surgeons in the state, sources said.Medicos at OMC maintain that the last date for submitting copies of their certificates to Vijayawada's NTR University of Health Sciences is February 15, which means they need the certificates immediately. \"Certificates were issued until February 2. The authorities now claim that the applications of those who have applied, too, would be blocked,\" said a house surgeon.Meanwhile, healthcare services continued to suffer due to the strike. In the last 24 hours, seven deaths each have been reported at Gandhi and Niloufer hospitals while three people have died at Osmania General Hospital.However, Dr S Mahboob, superintendent of Gandhi Hospital, chose not to blame the strike for the deaths. He said that out of the 32 doctors deputed to the hospital, 18 had reported for duty. That apart, he said that 12 doctors from non-clinical specialties had been assigned to them by the medical college. Speaking to the media, he informed that 15 major operations had been performed and 77 patients had been admitted in the last 24 hours.All elective surgeries have been postponed indefinitely and patients sent back home. Government doctors could not manage the patient volume on Monday and serpentine queues were seen in the out-patient departments at these hospitals. Patients had to wait for several hours but the hurried consultations left most of them displeased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882799", "title": "Karnataka CM speeds away as nurses rush for help", "text": "BANGALORE: Protesting nurses who have been trying to get an appointment with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda were brushed aside by officials and police at the Freedom Park on Monday noon. They were trying to meet the CM to seek better working conditions and regular employment.The nurses, many of whom are under contract, are seeking permanent employment and higher wages. Despite protests for sometime now, the chief minister hasn't found time to meet them.On Monday, the chief minister arrived at Freedom Park to speak to farmers who were on protest a few metres away from the nurses. Nurses, who got to know of the CM's plan, formed a team and joined the ryots. After the meeting with farmers, the nurses got up to meet the chief minister.But suddenly police and other officials brushed them aside even as the CM got into his car, pulled up the window and left. The nurses were left stranded again and it was yet another failed attempt to meet the chief minister.I was born smiling: CM \"Iwas born with a smile on my face. It is not meant to offend anyone,\" chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said at a farmers meeting on Monday. The CM was speaking at the 76th birth anniversary of farmer leader Nanjundaswamy with a smile. Puttanaiah, reportedly told him: \"You must not be the only one who smiles and laughs. You must make others smile and laugh too.\" Gowda, taken aback, said: \"It is not my intention that only I should smile and laugh and others shouldn't. I was born that way. No one should misunderstand and interpret it in negative ways.'' Puttanaiah got up to clarify his remarks and mollify the chief minister, but the latter said, \"I won't tolerate such comments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884237", "title": "Shah Rukh is a goat now!", "text": "\"Shah Rukh is one of the principal characters of my film,\" says National Award-winning director Janaki Vishwanathan, who is currently shooting her Bollywood debut flick, Bakra.Well, before you jump to a conclusion, let's tell you that the Shah Rukh in question is not SRK, the Badshaah of Bollywood, but the name of a goat that's part of the film! Janaki elaborates, \"The title Bakra refers to two things - its English translation (a scapegoat), and a real goat that's called Shah Rukh. We auditioned about 1000 goats before selection one. We were shooting in Bidar, on the Maharashtra-Karnataka border, and we learnt from the residents there that names like Salman and Shah Rukh were popular choices for their pets!\"Does SRK know there is a Shah Rukh in the film? \"If you ask me if there is a justification to name the goat and the actor, in terms of a parallel, then I'd say no. All I can say is that when he gets to watch the film himself, he will only be happy about it. I admire him as an actor, and I'm sure he won't take offence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878425", "title": "Political parties ignore Varanasi's heritage in their manisfestos", "text": "VARANASI: Not just the Ganga but the rich cultural heritage of this millennia old city also failed to draw the attention of political parties, though their election manifestos promise for urban development with all modern facilities like world class transport system and Metro.One can see that the cultural and natural heritage of the city is seriously increasingly threatened by a number of factors like increasing population and modernisation. Rana PB Singh, professor of cultural geography and heritage studies, BHU, evaluates the city's heritage extensively on the scale of UNESCO World Heritage List.Varanasi has two main historic remnants of a holy past -the first one being Sarnath where Buddha gave his first sermon in 528 BC, and the second one being the Rajghat Plateau, where the archaeological findings and the C14 dating of some of the wares excavated from the earliest level confirm the existence of urban settlements in the period during 800-500 BC. Both these sites have been included in the heritage zones identified for nomination to the UNESCO's heritage list.The riverfront ghats cover a length of 6.8km along the crescent-shaped bank of the Ganga from the confluence of Asi in the south to the confluence of the Varuna in the north. Since ancient times, the natural and cultural landscapes of the city have retained an active social role in contemporary society closely associated with the traditional way of life.The city is a place of pilgrimage and a holy site for taking sacred baths in the Ganga, to have a good death, to get relief from transmigration, to learn and receive spiritual merit.But, today the heritage is at risk. Singh observes that the heritage zones and properties are at the risk of being irreversibly modified or even destroyed due to immense pressures from tourism, economic development and population pressures. In the name of development, old structures are modified or demolished.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881116", "title": "Sancoale's dirty picture", "text": "PANAJI: With five of its 11 wards falling under the burgeoning slum of Zuarinagar, local authorities cannot afford to ignore the area's unhygienic conditions and potential security threa Panchanama - Sancoale - MormugaoAs you travel along the broad roads and well-maintained medians of NH 17-B, spruced up to make the journey from South Goa to and from the airport a part of the state's tourist appeal, you come to a section that could leave you gagging.Spread across a vast expanse of the mostly barren topography is Zuarinagar, a slum, that, as local authorities point, sprouts about 4-5 new 'homes' every holiday.Five of Sancoale panchayat's 11 wards fall within Zuarinagar; and while the local civic body is contemplating a survey of the houses and residents, panchas, off record, estimate that approximately 14,000 people, a majority from Karnataka, live in about 3,000 shanties. The registered voter base here is about 8,000.A top panchayat official explains, \"The slum took shape some years after Goa's Liberation thanks mainly to the industrial unit after which it is named. The shanties are encroachments on land belonging to either the comunidade or to a private owner. Almost fifty years later, the homes are still to be regularized.\"Within the slum, a myriad gutters along with the strewn heaps of garbage make for unhygienic living conditions.Former sarpanch Sharda Rathod says, \"Our ward (No. 10) had a pay toilet as the houses here have none. But even though the residents paid their monthly amount of Rs 10-20 each neither water nor electricity was provided and the pay toilet was shut down.\"Social worker Jairam Rathod adds, \"As people don't have toilets they have started defecating in the open areas on both sides of the highway.\"This has added a distinct nauseating stench to the general grim view of Zuarinagar.In an effort to collect some revenue to accord the residents basic amenities and a semblance of cleanliness, the panchayat is planning to levy house tax.Ramakant Borkar, panch of ward No. 8, says, \"It is very difficult to keep a record of the houses as during holidays and on weekends 4-5 houses come up here.\"Sources say the slum is a security threat as well as there is no record of most of the migrant population, comprising mostly casual labourers, and their new 'tenants'. The mandatory police verification for the latter is non-existent.V Krishna, a general practitioner who runs a dispensary at Zuarinagar, says, \"Malaria and skin infections are common among residents here because of the unhygienic conditions they live under. Authorities should educate and impose cleanliness here.\" Residents claim the area was last fogged (to check the breeding of mosquitoes) five years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11879020", "title": "Former Nagaland CM not to contest 2013 assembly elections", "text": "KOLKATA: Rather than contesting as a candidate himself, former Nagaland chief minister SC Jamir will play an advisory role in the state Congress for the coming assembly election in Nagaland in 2013.\"I will rather guide candidates of my party and work for them,\" said Jamir while talking to TOI in Kolkata on Monday. He was in the city to participate in a seminar.He said he did not want to contest the election because he had other priorities. \"The first priority is to settle the political problem which the Nagas are facing. Common people wanted peace, but they were disappointed because a dialogue was in progress with the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (Isak - Muivah) for 15 long years, since 1997, without a solution in sight. Till the time the issue is resolved, it is not possible to have either economic development or social development for the Nagas,\" said Jamir.The prospects of Congress in the 2013 election would depend on law and order prevailing in Nagaland at that time, he said. \"There is chance for Congress if we can have a free and fair election. Look what has happened in Manipur,\" he added, referring to violence unleashed by underground groups in the recently concluded assembly election in the neighbouring state.Jamir, the longest-serving chief minister of Nagaland, had been away from state politics in the last decade for gubernatorial assignments in Goa and Maharashtra. After returning to Nagaland in 2011, he had contested in an assembly by-election but lost.Jamir, now 81, thinks it won't be difficult for Congress to find someone to project as the chief minister from among the younger generation. \"There is no dearth of leadership in Congress,\" he said.Jamir, who resides near Dimapur, said threat to his life is still there despite the fact that most underground groups in Nagaland are in ceasefire now. Between 1990 and 1999, he survived four bids on his life by militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mirzapur", "code": "11880731", "title": "Maya statues harm state, BSP votes", "text": "MIRZAPUR: The verdict is clear in the sandstone countryside: Mayawati's statues made the mango trees stop bearing fruit and the children cough.Sheared hills of pink sandstone drape the 200-km stretch of the Vindhya Ranges in this eastern UP mining hub, where hoards of contractors and thousands of labourers descended in 2007 to seize a government bonanza. That was when the Mayawati government began sourcing stone to be used in parks, monuments - and the CM's own statues.It was an opportunity for many in the poor region. But after the government orders stopped in November 2008 and action shifted to Rajasthan, the rush to carve out the Mirzapur stone left agriculture devastated, livelihoods affected, people sick and the environment polluted, residents say.\"Wherever the crushers' dust settles, trees go barren. Children can't breathe. People get lung ailments,\" says Lal Bahadur Singh, president, Stone Traders' Association. \"Government illegally allowed crushers in inhabited areas. This destroyed agriculture. Workers are upset their livelihood was snatched and work shifted to Rajasthan.\" The rage is set to impact the polls, where BSP stands to lose its dominating influence. The party won three of the five seats in Mirzapur district in 2007. \"I've voted for BSP for 10 years. But this time, villagers say they'll vote for anyone but BSP,\" says Raja Ram, a 40-year old stone crusher.While it lasted, everyone seemed to be making money. Local wages went up. The town from which stones travelled in the 19th and 20th centuries up to Nepal and Tibet was reliving forgotten glory. \"Thousands of labourers cut stone and made money, but most were from other states. What did we get?\" Ram says. About 20,000 labourers got work every day and made money. Workers from other states dislodged them, fuelling anger. It was a warlike operation to break gigantic blocks up to 700-tonnes of stone in 15-foot high slabs. These were used in elephant statues. Each stone slab was loaded onto trucks and sent to Bayana in Rajasthan to be chiselled and brought back to Lucknow-a practice indicted by CAG.Suddenly, mine millionaires sprang up, roaming the area in SUVs with BSP flags. The mining and crushing plants violated a Supreme Court order that mandated that mining in Mirzapur could be done only by locals-and that it could be done in remote areas, not in residential clusters. Water was being pumped day and night for the crushing plants, scooping out 1,000 litres every 15 minutes. The region has at least 70 such plants. \"Until five years ago, we used to get water at five feet. Now, it's 25 feet,\" says Ram Sharan Patel, 56, of Dhuriya village.One day, it all ended. The state decided to order stones from Rajasthan. The sudden prosperity vanished, leaving behind a wounded land.As election season set in and local mining millionaires sensed the direction of the political wind, BSP's flags came down from the SUVs. Now, residents say the ruling party will have a political price to pay.Neelesh Misra is a journalist, author &amp; Bollywood lyricist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879610", "title": "SC notice to R K Sharma in Shivani murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday issued notice to former IPS officer R K Sharma as it seemed to agree with the Delhi government's petition that Delhi High Court did not take into account vital evidence while acquitting the main accused in the Shivani Bhatnagar murder case.Responding to Delhi government's petition challenging the acquittal of Sharma and others, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai prima facie agreed that the HC had erred in disbelieving a series of recorded conversations between Sharma and his alleged accomplices just because the prosecution could not explain one set of recorded conversations.\"The appeal court appears to have not taken into account material evidence,\" the bench said, after additional solicitor general Harin Raval and advocate Siddharth Dave argued that for the HC not to take into account a series of recorded conversations between Sharma, allegedly the mastermind of the conspiracy to murder Shivani, was miscarriage of justice.Raval showed to the bench the constant telephonic communication between Bhagwan Sharma and R K Sharma, and said the HC had completely ignored this vital piece of evidence.Justices Alam and Desai wondered why the HC did not discuss these call records in its judgment acquitting R K Sharma. The bench also issued notices to Bhagwan Sharma and Satya Prakash, R K Sharma's alleged partners in the crime.R K Sharma and others have been asked to respond to Delhi Police's charge that they played key roles in executing the plan hatched by the former IPS officer to kill journalist Shivani in 1999.Delhi government had on January 11 moved the SC with an 80-page appeal assailing the HC's conclusion that the police failed to produce cogent evidence to link R K Sharma, Bhagwan Sharma and Satya Prakash, all of whom were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment by the trial court, to the crime. The HC had upheld the conviction and life term for the hitman, Pradeep Sharma.The government said the HC had failed to appreciate the clear chain of evidence along with circumstantial proof to indicate their close involvement in the conspiracy to kill Shivani in her Navkunj Apartments flat in Patparganj in east Delhi on January 21, 1999.It said the criminal conspiracy masterminded by R K Sharma was evident from the telephone records of the acquitted persons who allegedly planned to hire Pradeep Sharma to kill the journalist.R K Sharma's counsel had pleaded before the HC that Delhi Police had tampered with telephone records to implicate him in the case.At the time of the murder, R K Sharma was working in the Prime Minister's Office. He went missing soon after his name surfaced as an accused in the case and surrendered only in September 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880146", "title": "Dwarka makes a master plan pitch", "text": "New Delhi: Dwarka was supposed to be a sub-city packed with all modern amenities. However, residents there claim it's not half as good.They have now written to the ministry of urban development, complaining that Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has failed to implement any of the provisions of Master Plan Delhi 2021, which aimed at giving Dwarka a robust infrastructure.With the review of the Master Plan already underway, residents now want DDA to relook at the promises made to them and at least provide them basic facilities like potable water and healthcare.\"DDA has made a mockery of the Master Plan. If Dwarka was created as a sub-city, it should have been self-sufficient with all basic facilities so that the residents were not required to go out. However, we do not even have a single fruit and vegetable market here or community centres,\" said Rejimon C K, president, Dwarka Forum - a welfare association of residents, RWAs and CGHS representatives.According to the Forum, Dwarka has a population of nearly 6 lakh. Rejimon added that residents in most DDA pockets have been hiring private water tankers or using treated underground water for drinking for the last eight years. \"DDA only supplies 3.5 MGD water, which is highly insufficient. Sector 20 was supposed to be created as a service sector, but all that has come up there are shops and showrooms. And we do not even have a proper government hospital,\" he said. In a letter dated January 29, the Forum highlighted that a plan for setting up a 750-bedded hospital has been pending with DDA for long. The Forum has also complained that there is no maintenance of roads, footpaths or even colonies.The Forum has also filed its suggestions for the Master Plan review. \"There has been no implementation of the original provisions and they have already started with the review. We have also submitted our demands,\" Rejimon said. In fact, DDA has received nearly 2,000 suggestions for the ongoing review from RWAs, traders' associations, planners and individual residents. While trader associations and individual business organizations from Karol Bagh have suggested changes in the Special Area Building Regulations, heritage conservationist AGK Menon has suggested introduction of guidelines for re-use of heritage buildings.A senior DDA official said these different management action groups will go through these suggestions after which they will be put before a high-powered committee for reviewing the provisions of the Master Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11883056", "title": "Refused way, furious driver fires at teen", "text": "BANGALORE: Furious that a fourwheeler driver didn't give way for him, an unidentified driver of a white Honda Civic allegedly shot four rounds from his air revolver at the vehicle and injured a 14-year-old boy travelling in it near Bashyam Circle in Sadashivnagar past Sunday midnight.The incident took place 500 metres from the Sadashivnagar police station, but cops were yet to zero in on the culprit 24 hours later. The boy, Nithin Lingaraju, underwent a minor surgery to get the pellet that had landed above his left ear removed. Police are in possession of the steel pellet, resembling a ball bearing used in bicycles. Nithin, discharged from Nimhans on Monday evening, is said to be out of danger. Forensic experts confirmed that the pellet could have been fired from an air revolver.Police have booked an attempt-tomurder case and launched a hunt for the car and its driver. Nithin was returning home with his parents, Vyalikaval residents Lingaraju and Ambika, and two sisters when the mishap occurred. Lingaraju, who was driving the Tata Indica, and others were unhurt.\"We have not charged the accused under Arms Act as the weapon does not fall under this section,\" DCP (Central) G Ramesh told TOI. \"Since it's an attempt to take one's life, we have invoked Section 307 of the IPC,\" he said.RAGE AT THE WHEELPast Sunday midnight, a Tata Indica driver sees a speeding white Honda Civic criss-crossing his path a couple of times in Sadashivnagar, coming dangerously close amid honkingWhen he shouts at him to calm down, the Civic driver pulls out an air revolver, fires twice into the Indica's boot, leaving a dentThen the Civic speeds past Indica, takes a U-turn and comes close; the driver fires two more rounds into the window, injuring 14-year-old boy Nithin Lingaraju (in picture)Sadashivanagar is said to be home to the country's first generation rich and powerful. But that doesn't guarantee any kind of security was clear late on Sunday as an incident of road rage ended up in pellets from an air revolver piercing through the silence of the night and injuring a 14-year-old boy.Police said the incident took place around 12 am when cab operator Lingaraju was driving his car past 5th Cross in Sadashivnagar with his family of four in the vehicle. Incidentally, only two crosses away is a Union minister's residence. Lingaraju, who owns two cabs and a tempo traveller and operates his vehicles for KPTC on a contract basis, had gone to Kanakapura on Sunday to attend the funeral of his wife, Ambika's 90-year-old grandmother Jalajamma. His friend, Narayanaswamy of RT Nagar, had accompanied him.\"I dropped Narayanaswamy at his RT Nagar residence and was driving back home. My wife and daughters were sitting in the back. Nithin was sitting next to me in the front. I was driving past Mehkri Circle when I first noticed the white Honda Civic car. On entering Sadashivnagar 5th Cross from C V Raman Road, I heard repeated honking and saw the same Honda Civic car behind,\" Lingaraju told the TOI.He claimed that the car was being driven in a rash and negligent manner and it was very close behind his four-wheeler. \"There was another car coming from the opposite direction, forcing me to slow down. This seems to have made the Honda Civic driver angry as he honked again and again,\" Lingaraju said, adding \"I shouted from my car at the Honda Civic driver to calm down.\"\"The Honda Civic car driver pulled out a revolver like object, fired twice at the back of my car, drove past my vehicle and sped away,\" Lingaraju said.The cab operator stopped the car and checked the damage. \"There was a dent in the car's behind and I returned to my seat. I resumed driving but within minutes Ambika shouted saying that the car was speeding towards us from the opposite direction. The car drove past us, took a U-turn and was behind us again. The driver soon pulled up the car to the left of my vehicle, fired twice into the window from his revolver and sped off.\"\"The car went towards Bashyam Circle. But Nithin, a class VIII student at KECS School in Vyalikaval, began complaining of pain in the head. I saw blood trickling out from above his left ear. On checking, I found that upper skin of the left ear was torn. Realizing that my son was in danger, I called Narayanaswamy over the phone and asked him to come down immediately,\" Lingaraju said.Nithin was taken to KC General Hospital and after night duty nurses administered him first aid, he was shifted to Nimhans where doctors operated on him around 3 am.\"Lingaraju has been able to recall the number only as KA04 4611,\" police said.AIR PISTOL CAN BE FATALThe real thing may not be easily available in the market. So why not go for something similar? Though a toy by name, it can pack in almost as much power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "indore (hasalpur)", "code": "11881023", "title": "A village baraat chopper adds to Valentine's Day eve thrill", "text": "INDORE (HASALPUR): As 21-year-old scrap-iron trader and school dropout Azhar Khan, clad in a white shirt and suitably garlanded, stepped off the US-made Robinson R 44 helicopter on Valentines' Day eve, it became a baraat that neither his young bride Ruksar bi nor the remote village of Hasalpur, 70 Km from Indore, would ever forget.Before the dust kicked up by the chopper blades had settled down, some of the excited guests had unslung guns and fired in the air to celebrate, others broken into a jig to Bollywood numbers that a speaker blared. Worried village horses and camels added to the din.It was Satyanarayan Patel, the local MLA who is a qualified private pilot himself, borrowed the helicopter from a friend to make her dream come true . The MLA, who accompanied the bridegroom in the chopper said he had provided the chopper to those in other villages earlier too, for various purposes. It's no big deal, the family is close to me, and they requested that the groom be flown in a chopper,'' Patel said.Rukhshar bi's family says the bride , daughter of a local farmer and a school dropout herself, had always dreamt her 'sapnon ka rajkumar' would come from the skies, but had never thought it would actually happen.The whole thing excited the village so much that a horse-trainer volunteered to be present with eight horses, six camels stood by in formation near the chopper landing spot, and, banners were posted everywhere declaring 'dulhania le Jayenge udakar'.The father of bridegroom Hazi Mohammed Farooque Khan said he was just too thrilled. \"I am so glad all this is happening.\" He said.A villager Rajendrasingh Solanki, said that it was great to see a daughter of the village getting married as if she was from a wealthy family. He said that this was the second time a helicopter had landed in the village, the first being when a former chief minister, Prakash Chandra Sethi, went there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880490", "title": "US trade team to visit WB after four years", "text": "KOLKATA: After a gap of almost four years, a US trade delegation will visit Bengal on February 17. This will be followed by a series of trade delegation visits in the second half of the year.This would be the first US trade delegation to visit the city after the Mamata Banerjee government came to power. The delegation, though, may not meet the chief minister and the industries minister Partha Chatterjee.The US Embassy's minister counselor for commercial affairs, Judy R Reinke, said the United States has decided to increase the visibility of trade missions in India. That is why there will be a series of delegations visiting Bengal.According to Reinke, the focus of the first trade delegation will be on ports. It will comprise representatives from seven companies - The Port of Baltimore, Ellicot Dredges, DSC Dredge, Great Lake Dredge &amp; Dock Company, IRDS and Thermo Fisher.Explaining why they won't be meeting anyone from the state government, she said this delegation is primarily a B2B group looking to explore opportunities for partnerships with Indian companies as opposed to a direct investor group for whom it would make sense to meet the chief minister or the industries minister. The delegation will meet Union minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy.The last US trade delegation on clean energy visited Kolkata in August 2008. And this time the delegation's visit has assumed significance as the US-India Business Council (USIBC) cancelled its Bengal trip in wake of the Singur crisis. At a CII meeting that year, the then US consul General in Kolkata, Beth Payne, had said that USIBC was very excited about coming to Kolkata, but changed its mind after the Singur problem.The US diplomat had said that the delegation led by companies like Cargill and Boeing could have brought in many US investors to Bengal but they decided to skip the state at least for the time being. \"It is regrettable that West Bengal lost such an important opportunity to showcase the best it has to offer,\" she had said in 2008.Asked whether the investment climate in Bengal has become more conducive now, Reinke said there were US trade activities in Bengal over the last few years but those were low profile.\"Now, we want to make it more visible. This strategy is not only for Bengal but for India as a whole,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881428", "title": "Police patrolling intensified in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: As a preventive measure following the blast at the Israeli embassy in New Delhi on Monday, patrolling in Goa has been intensified and nakabandhi points have been alerted in the coastal areas.There is, however, no alert sounded in the state. Goa, an international tourism destination, receives a substantial number of Israeli tourists every year, most of them preferring to patronize the North Goa beaches.European tourists too holiday in Goa, which leads to fears of it being a terrorist target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11880703", "title": "Federation demands bill implementation", "text": "MANGALORE: The Federation of Human Rights' Organizations, comprising about 25 like-minded companies, took out a united protest rally on Friday against the atrocities, attacks on churches, institutions, demanding the Centre to immediately implement the 'Communal Violence (Prevention, Control and Rehabilitation) Bill, with necessary amendments. Speakers at the rally said atrocities against minority communities and their places of worship have become a regular occurrence since the past few years. They claimed that last year there were 66 attack cases on Muslims and 15 on Christians, which showed the utter lawlessness of communal elements.The speakers said that as a result of such persecution, a sense of insecurity prevailed among the members of minority communities, adding that those who make baseless accusations of conversions were trying to create a wrong impression in the minds of the common people.On the occasion, Kannada version of Justice MF Saldanha's Enquiry Report on Church Attacks 'State Terrorism and Tyranny'; Communal Violence (prevention, control and rehabilitation) Bill - why it's a must?' (in Kannada) published by Karnataka Komu Souharda Vedike and authored by G Rajshekar, Shivasunder and Fakir Mohammed Katpady and Daffron Terrorism (in Kannada) authored by Suresh Bhat Bakrabail were released. Speakers at the rally included progressive thinkers such as Shivasunder, Mohammed Kunhi, Walter J.Maben, Walter C Pinto, Ilyas Muhammed, Ali Hasan and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881693", "title": "INJMC meeting tomorrow", "text": "PATNA: The first meeting of the India Nepal Joint Ministerial Commission (INJMC), to be held in Delhi on Wednesday, would be crucial for Bihar as the Centre has promised to put its demands before it in a forceful manner for their solution.Union water resources minister P K Bansal made the promise in this regard to the Bihar team at the consultative meeting that he held on Monday with representatives of four states - Bihar, West Bengal, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh (UP).State WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, along with department's principal secretary Afzal Amanullah, presented the demands of the state with regard to Sapt Kosi High Dam Multipurpose Project, Sun Kosi Storage-cum-Diversion Scheme, flood management and maintenance of canals and embankments related to Gandak and Kosi projects and problems faced in carrying out work in Nepal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/sambalpur/kendrapada", "code": "11881231", "title": "Valentine's Day: Fear stalks couples on day of love", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/SAMBALPUR/KENDRAPADA: Love is in the air. So is fear. Love-struck couples in Bhubaneswar and other urban areas in Odisha are jittery about celebrating Valentine's Day with their loved ones because of threats from Bajrang Dal supporters that they will inform the parents if they find any couple displaying affection in public. However, this diktat is not applicable to those couples who are decent.\"We do not mind couples going to parks, malls, theatres and gift shops. We will not interfere if they simply sit, chat and eat out,\" said Bajrang Dal's national convener, Subash Chouhan, adding, \"but we will certainly act if couples get too intimate. They cannot kiss or hug in public places. Our activists will beat them up. Actually, the police should take action against such couples but unfortunately we do not see them doing anything.\"While more than 100 activists will keep an eye on couples in parks, malls and theatres in the state capital, nearly 500 activists will fan out to different urban areas. In Sambalpur, the activists have decided to marry off couples in case they are spotted indulging in \"love acts\" in a public place. \"We are not against love. But we are against the western impact on our culture,\" said Sudhir Ranjan Bohidar, state joint coordinator of the party. \"We will inform their parents and conduct their marriage in the presence of their parents,\" he added.Some students flayed the moral policing. \"The Constitution has given us the right to express our feelings in a free and fair manner. Valentine's Day is celebrated across the world as a day of love. We feel the diktat is anti-Constitutional,\" said a student of Gangadhar Meher College, Sambalpur.Though many youngsters were seen thronging gift shops and malls in large numbers on Monday to purchase gifts and flowers, they were undecided about Tuesday's plans. \"We are really scared of the Bajrang Dal and have not yet decided how to celebrate the occasion. The activists might embarrass us,\" said Venkat and Drishti.Some, however, have decided to celebrate Valentine's Day in the evening after work. \"We will wrap up our work early and go to a restaurant for dinner,\" said Sanjeev Mishra, a software engineer. Gift and jewellery shops have also come up with attractive offers to woo customers. Bhubaneswar-based Gitanjali Jewels launched the \"season of love\" offer on January 26 offering discounts, which will continue till February 26.Apprehending trouble, the police have tightened security in major cities, including Bhubaneswar and Cuttack. \"We will deploy security guards in parks, shopping malls, cafeterias and outside crowded gift and stationery shops in the twin cities,\" a senior police officer said.Apart from the love guardians, there are threats from anti-socials also in Puri. The sea beach, a much sought-after location for couples, is vulnerable to danger following the recent spate of attacks on tourists. As many as five cases of harassment against tourists and an attack on a Russian couple were reported in Puri in a month. The beach certainly does not look too safe a destination for lovers this Valentine's Day because of the twin threats.The Puri SP, Anup Kumar Sahoo, however, assured that security and beach patrolling would be stepped up. He cautioned though that couples should avoid lonely stretches. Safety advisories have also been issued to hotels to update their guests about security arrangements on the beach.In this scenario of suppressed fear, some are making hay, like rose sellers. They have shot up their prices seeing the huge demand for the flower, especially the red rose. A single long-stemmed rose is selling for Rs 30 and a bunch for Rs 200 or even Rs 1,000.In Kendrapada, florists were all smiles at the brisk sale of flowers and their soaring profit. \"We have placed orders for fresh stocks. I hope the business is as good as last year's,\" said Ashok Sahoo, a florist.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11881094", "title": "MPERC to hold public hearings at Indore, Bhopal &amp; Jabalpur this month", "text": "BHOPAL: After receiving 107 objections to power tariff petitions from the people on the proposal seeking a hike of 20 to 27% in the next fiscal, the MP Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC) is slated to hold public hearing in Indore, Jabalpur and the state capital before taking a final call on the issue.\"We are planning to hold public hearings at Santosh Sabhagrah in Indore, Tarang auditorium in Jabalpur and Academy of Administration in Bhopal on February 22, 25 and 28 respectively,\" an MPERC official said.He said that the commission received 73 plaints regarding the proposal of the MP West Power Distribution Company Limited (MPWPDCL) headquartered in Indore. The commission would hold public hearing in the state's business capital on February 22 from 10.30 am.Likewise, the MPERC had got 20 and 14 objections from MP Central Power Distribution Company Ltd. (MPCPDCL) and MP East Power Distribution Company Ltd (MPEPDCL) respectively.Last year, the MPERC had received 172 objections to the tariff hike proposal for the current fiscal. Then, 128 complaints had trickled in from MPWPDCL, 20 from MPCPDCL and 34 from MPEPDCL.For the current fiscal, the three distribution companies (discoms) had submitted the annual revenue requirement (ARR) of more than Rs 17,337 crore and sought a hike of 25% to mop up finance. However, the MPERC allowed a hike of 6.14% for meeting the ARR of Rs 12,444 crore. The state power regulator allowed the tariff hike on May 23 which became effective in June last year.This time round, the MPERC got a small number of 60 objections from the consumers, including NGOs, on the last date of receiving plaints on January 31. However, the commission taking a lenient view considered the complaints which trickled in late.The three power discoms - central, east and west having around 70 lakh consumers - have filed an ARR of Rs 24,000 crore for 2012-13 along with tariff proposal seeking a hike for the next fiscal with MPERC.The central, east and west discoms have sought a hike of 22.18%, 20.58% and 27% respectively.MP is among the seven states across the country where the electricity tariff is at a much higher side.Right now, a domestic consumer has to pay Rs 3.30 per unit up to 50 units power consumption, Rs 3.73 per unit for 51 to 100 units, Rs 4.60 for 101 to 200 units and Rs 4.80 for above 200 unit power usage monthly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11881543", "title": "Love animals &amp; go vegan: Peta", "text": "Dressed as a Valentine Angel, a volunteer of Peta-India distributed red roses in Bandra (W) on the eve of Valentine's Day, urging citizens to love animals and go vegetarian. She displayed the message, \"Have A Heart-Go Vegan\" , on Carter Road. \"It is the perfect time to express love for all living beings by choosing vegan meals,\" said Peta-India's Benazir Suraiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "11881382", "title": "Cong's Sanjay Bandekar crosses over to BJP", "text": "CANACONA: Former Congress minister Sanjay Bandekar along with his supporters on Monday joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) after being denied a party ticket for the Canacona seat. He went in a rally with his supporters to the BJP's office in Chaudi and was welcomed by North Goa MP Shripad Naik and other party leaders.Sources said that Bandekar was not in the final list of aspirants. The choice was between Isidore Fernandes and Dayanand Pagi of the Congress and Vijay Pai Khot, who had just resigned from the BJP two days before the Canacona candidate was announced.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11883987", "title": "Andhra Pradesh assembly adjourned for day as TDP, TRS disrupt proceedings", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh assembly was adjourned for the day on Tuesday amid pandemonium created by opposition Telugu Desam Party and Telangana Rashtra Samiti on different issues.Two brief adjournments, first for half an hour and next for 15 minutes, did not restore order in the House as the TDP and the TRS members trooped into the well of the House holding placards and raising slogans on their respective demands.While the TDP demanded sacking of ministers involved in the liquor syndicate, the TRS insisted on a resolution for creation of Telangana state.Trouble began as soon as the House assembled for business at 9 am. The TDP gave notice for an adjournment motion on the liquor syndicates issue, TRS and BJP on the Telangana issue and CPI and CPM on the student doctors' strike and the resultant death of many patients in teaching hospitals.Speaker Nadendla Manohar rejected the adjournment motions and said the House would take up the motion of thanks to the Governor's address.The TDP and the TRS MLAs then rushed into the Well of the House and disrupted the proceedings, forcing Speaker to adjourn the House for 30 minutes. Similar scenes were witnessed when the House re-assembled, leading to a second adjournment.Government chief whip Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy moved the motion of thanks to the governor's address when the House resumed after the second adjournment.The opposition members, however, remained unrelenting and stormed the Speaker's podium holding the placards aloft. As the din continued, Speaker Manohar adjourned the House for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880380", "title": "City to vote amid shortage of forces", "text": "LUCKNOW: The election and police officials face a mammoth challenge to ensure free and fair polling in the city on February 19. The task has become more daunting in the absence of adequate number of central paramilitary forces.Unlike 2007 UP assembly election, the central paramilitary force (CPMF) will not be deployed at all the polling centres of the city on the day. About 200 polling stations in the city will be without any central paramilitary force personnel, sources said.In the last assembly election, in a bid to ensure free and fair voting, the Election Commission had provided 639 companies of central forces in the state. Due to such a huge number of deployment, central forces personnel were present at every polling centre.Voters still remember that civil police were told to remain out of the polling centres in order to ensure that no one can make allegations that the security arrangement was biased.This time the EC has not given the exact number of central paramilitary force companies that have been deployed for election, the fact that over 200 polling centres in the city will be without such personnel means that these centres will be manned by PAC and civil police.The deployment of CPMF, sources said, was done initially in a way that all the rural areas were being covered. Thereafter, the remaining CPMF personnel were to be deployed in urban areas at such polling centres which have large number of polling stations.However, sources said, following tension in Old City during Barawafat, a decision in principle was taken to ensure that CPMF personnel were deployed at all the polling centres of at least four police station areas of urban side of the city. The police stations include Chowk, Bazaarkhala, Thakurganj and Saadatganj.If this arrangement is implemented then several polling centres of rural area would be left without CPMF deployment, which, sources said, might again pose a challenge to free and fair election. The reason being the sensitivity which has always been there in the polling centres of rural areas.Even though, sources said, DIG DK Thakur has requested for additional CPMF personnel in view of election, the demand is likely to be rejected by the Election Commission as additional CPMF companies are not available.If the demand is not met, then officials will be able to deploy only PAC personnel in the remaining polling centres, sources said, adding that obviously civil police will also be present. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884295", "title": "Judi Dench in Abu Jani &amp; Sandeep Khosla's gown at BAFTA", "text": "Dame Judi Dench was spotted at the recently organized BAFTA awards dressed in an Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla Chikan gown. Dame Dench wore a pale lilac chikan embroidered ensemble for the occasion held in London on February 12 , 2012.\"She picked up the ensemble a long while back and her wearing our chikan creation to the BAFTA was a surprise to us as well. It's a classic and of course Dame Judi wearing it is a huge compliment to our design philosophy, \" remarked the designer duo Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla.\"Not only are Abu and Sandeep's clothes works of art, but they are exquisite to look at and the most feminine clothes that I have ever worn,\" Dame Judi Dench was quoted as saying.Abu-Sandeep's romance with Dame Dench goes back to March 1999, when the duo became a part of Oscar history when Dame Judi Dench received her award for Best Supporting Actress in one of their Dhaka embroidered creations. At the 2000 Oscar Awards, not only did Dame Judi Dench once again wear another Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla gown to present an award, but Lindy Hemming, winner of the Oscar for Best Costume Design also received her award in their Shikargah outfit. In 2001 Dame Judi once again wore a dazzling red and black Pakeezah Abu Jani Sandeep Khosla gown when she was nominated for the Best Supporting Actress award and to the BAFTAs in 2002 as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11881449", "title": "Financial loss pushes doctor to suicide", "text": "HUBLI: A doctor committed suicide by hanging himself late on Sunday night at his residence in Chetana colony in Hubli.Keshwapur police said the victim is Dr Mohammad Asif Belavanike, a BAMS graduate who was running a clinic in Shabari Nagar in Hubli city. He was married and had two children. He was running his clinic under loss for many days. Financial problems pushed the doctor to take the extreme step, police said. A case has been registered with Keshwapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11879800", "title": "State may file FIR for missing files", "text": "The state government on Monday told the Bombay HC that it is considering framing a policy to register an FIR with regard to missing files from its offices. Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode were hearing a petition by a convict from Yerawada jail, seeking release after serving 14 years of his life sentence. The state said he has to stay in jail for another 22 years with remissions. At the last hearing, the HC was informed that the file pertaining to remissions was missing from the home department. Asked the procedure to locate the files, the court was then told there is no policy to lodge FIR.-Rosy SequeiraQuizzed about the procedure to locate the files, the court then was told there is no policy to lodge FIR.State government is considering framing a policy to lodge FIR for missing files,'' informed public prosecutor Pandurang Pol. Disposing of the matter, the judges remarked that it may not be necessary to register FIR in every case but certainly when a file is deliberately missing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11878919", "title": "Two militants arrested in Udalguri", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a joint operation of Mazbat police and 3rd Assam rifles of Mazbat camp in Udalguri district on Monday, police nabbed two militants of the Boro Revolutionary Tiger Force (BRTF) along with arms and ammunition. The cadres were identified as Sanjay Basumatary (25) and Newton Khaglary (20).Police found one AK 47, two magazines of AK rifle,and other ammunition on them. Police said that the duo came for abducting a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880189", "title": "City police academy to host annual meet", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA), located on the road from Nashik to Trimbakeshwar is getting ready for the 55th all-India police duty meet to be held from February 18 to 25.Preparations are in full swing to make this event a huge success.As many as 29 teams comprising nearly 1,000 police officials will compete in seven disciplines of crime investigation. While the events will actually kick off from February 19, the inauguration of this national-level competition will be done on February 22 by Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in the presence of various national and state level police officials, including the director general of the state police.Director of the MPA Sanjay Barve said that all the facilities at the academy are being upgraded, including changes in the security arrangement. A motor transport park has been created to contain a minimum of 160 vehicles used for ferrying participants and police officials during the meet.On the last day of the event, that is, February 25, a daredevil show by the police officials has been planned, which will be held in the presence of state home minister R R Patil, apart from a spectacular show that will be held at the inauguration.Teams from all states, union territories, and some from the paramilitary forces will participate in a competition in seven disciplines of crime investigation. This will also be a great learning experience for MPA cadets as they will witness firsthand the expertise of officials and personnel of the NIA, CBI, commissionerates across the country, BSF, ITBP, CRPF and others.This meet is organized by each state on a rotational basis on behalf of the central co-ordinating committee, which is elected biennially by the conference of director general of police. The participating police officers compete in events like scientific aid to investigation, police photography, computer awareness, police vidoegraphy, anti-sabotage check, police dog competition and life saving.The All India Police Duty meet was first started in 1953 and is being held every year thereafter except for 1965, 1967 and 1971.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879991", "title": "New line to bring in more power for city", "text": "MUMBAI: Yet another major transmission wire, which will boost the power supply capacity in Mumbai by bringing in an additional 150 MW, is all set to be activated soon, much ahead of its March 2012 deadline.Built by Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra), this 220KV loop transmission network near Ghodbunder Road on MSETCL's existing Boisar-Borivli line will bring more power, especially during the summer season, when electricity demand shoots up. RInfra recently completed the laying work on its 150km high-power transmission line between Parali and Solapur for the western region at a cost of over Rs 1,400 crore. This line, which will be activated this year, will facilitate free flow of 4,000 MW power from eastern to western regions, including Mumbai.According to RInfra sources, the new loop network will decongest the existing network. The wire has already been test-charged by RInfra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881880", "title": "Eunuchs to help in locating baby stolen from hospital", "text": "KANPUR: The police could not get clues in the lifting of a newly born baby girl from Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha Baccha hospital even after four days of the incident. The authorities of hospital did not take any action against the security guards.Swaroop Nagar police incharge, Vivek Singh said that even after several efforts, there is no clue of the baby. Now, teams of eunuchs will be roped in to get the location of the baby.The authorities of the hospital and Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial (GSVM) Medical College claimed the incident was a 'management failure' and nothing to do with infrastructure. No efforts were made to tighten the security arrangement inside the hospital.All the entrances of the hospital can be witnessed open and unmanned. However, on the second day of the incident, the back gate of the hospital was closed with chain, allowing everyone to easily come inside.Even after claims made by health authorities, no CCTV arrangements have been made in the women hospital. The orders in this regard have already been issued by the body concerned. Also, no guards or security arrangements have been provided to the hospital.Most of the nurses prefer day duty. The situation during the night deteriorates with only skeletal staff attending the patients. \"Most nurses do not like to be on night duty. There is only one doctor on each floor,\" said a junior doctor.Though, it was supposed that nobody will dare to do such things in day but the last incident have broken this myths.A junior doctor said that no initiative was taken to strengthened the security arrangements.\"Though, the junior doctors have proposed an idea of pasting the banners and charts of measures to cautious the patients and their attendants, but the authorities even refused to do that,\" the junior doctor added.Hospital chief medical superintendent Kanchan Srivastava she said that the principal is on leave so no action was taken in order to increase the number of security guards. The gates were ordered to be closed after sunset.\"We also cautioned the patients and their attendants personally,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881258", "title": "3 spurious medicine sellers arrested in city, Cuttack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Continuing their offensive against vendors of toxic alcohol, police on Sunday arrested three more persons for selling \"dubious\" medicine brands that have so far claimed 35 lives in Cuttack and Bhubaneswar.The accused were owners of three medicine stores in the twin cities. While two of them were from Bhingarpur area, the worst-hit region near Bhubaneswar, the third accused hailed from Kantapada area in Cuttack district, sources said. Police and excise officials have so far arrested more than 20 people, including six employees of the controversial Eastern Indian Pharmaceutical Laboratory in the wake of the toxic alcohol tragedy. The laboratory was sealed for allegedly manufacturing the toxic medicines.Also on Sunday, police brought two employees of Eastern India Pharmaceutical Laboratory on four-day remand for interrogation. The accused, Bhagirathi Mishra and Biswanath Mallick alias Sania, were arrested on Friday. While Mishra, a sales agent of the company, was accused of hiding the toxic medicine brands -- Epecarm and Cinnamon --in a warehouse at Baramunda, driver Mallick was in the eye of storm for allegedly playing a key role in supplying the spurious medicines to unauthorized chemist stores and liquor joints. \"We hope to gather vital leads during interrogation,\" a senior police officer said. Twin city police officials on Sunday also met in Bhubaneswar to chalk out strategies to fight the scourge of spurious medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11879667", "title": "Minister meets Sindri Fertilizer and BCCL mgmt on land issues", "text": "SINDRI: Land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto has convened a meeting with the management of the Sindri Fertilizer Factory and BCCL on land acquisition at the Dhanbad collectorate on Tuesday. The meeting on land use by two major central public sector units in Dhanbad has attained significance in wake of the ongoing public outcry for and against the implementation of the CNT Act.When asked, general manager in-charge of Sindri Fertilizer Factory A K Mishra confirmed participation of the factory management in the meeting. \"We are going to attend the meeting with relevant documents,\" he said and refused to elaborate on the agenda of the meeting. Mahto in his earlier statement had made it clear that both the fertilizer factory and the BCCL had acquired land with the help of the state government and the public sector units should return the land to the state or to the villagers from whom it was acquired if it is not being used for the purpose for which it was acquired. It is expected that the company management would have been asked to furnish detail documents of land acquisition and uses thereof.The minister's statement on the Sindri Fertilizer Factory land had attracted much criticism from Sindri people awaiting revival of the closed factory by SAIL. The land was purchased by the then government of India way back in 1943 when the state government was not in existence, said Ajay Kumar, representative of the Congress-affiliated Intuc. The land records available with the factory management clearly suggest that the land was further sold to the then Sindri Fertilizer and Chemicals by the Centre and the sell deed was signed by the then secretary, ministry of industries and commerce.When the minister of fertilizer and chemicals provided land for setting up the BIT Sindri to the state, where is the question of factory land being the land of the state government, he questioned. and said that the minister should not utilize the land issue for gaining political mileage by fomenting the sentiments of poor villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878651", "title": "Two heavyweights face off in VNIT ward", "text": "NAGPUR: VNIT ward is the talk of the town in the NMC elections, with two heavyweight candidates, Prakash Gajbhiye (NCP) and Sandip Gavai (BJP), contesting against each other. Both are sitting corporators and Ambedkarites. Gajbhiye is a four-time corporator and mass leader, especially among slum-dwellers.Gavai was elected for the first time in NMC from Bajrang Nagar ward in South Nagpur. He is known for financial strength. They are among eight contestants from the ward.However, Gajbhiye seems to have an upper hand as the new VNIT ward comprises his existing ward and adjoining VNIT ward. Gavai is an outsider in the ward, as he came from South Nagpur. Besides, the number of votes earned by MNS candidate Ajay Dhoke will affect Gavai.Gajbhiye too may get some setback if BSP candidate Sandip Mankar gets high votes. But the picture seems to be slightly in the favour of Gajbhiye as of now.From the women's seat, there are six contestants with Chaya Pimpale from Congress and Ashwini Jichkar from BJP being the main candidates. The fate of Jichkar depends upon Gavai. But Pimpale may be successful in getting additional votes. Both of them are from Gandhinagar.Sai Mandir will see triangular fightSai Mandir ward will see a triangular fight with senior BJP leader and four-time corporator Subhash Aparajit contesting as an independent candidate.Five contestants are in the fray from the ward, including Omprakash alias Munna Yadav from BJP and Satyaprakash alias Mangal Yadav from Congress. The other two candidates are Prashant Kapse of BSP and Pravin Gondole, an independent candidate.Like Khamla ward, here too BJP had denied ticket to Aparajit, who was working with BJP before formation of the party. Aparajit was denied ticket in 2007 elections and accommodated as co-opted corporator to give space to Sandip Joshi. Thus, Aparajit's winning spree had come to an end after he had been elected for three consecutive terms in 1992, 1997 and 2002.Aparajit has a good command in the ward. If he manages to get BJP votes, Aparajit may give a tough time to both Yadavs. Besides, Munna and Mangal are both from Chunabhatti and are also related. Therefore, everything depends upon Aparajit. If Aparajit fails to get high votes, Munna may end up ahead of Mangal.Of the four women candidates in the fray, there is a straight fight between Usha Nishitkar of BJP and Rajshri Landge of NCP.BJP's fate depends on rebel in KhamlaThe so called easy seat for the BJP - Khamla ward - is suddenly looking shaky for the party, with young leader Paresh Joshi contesting as an independent candidate against party's city vice-president and official candidate Girish Deshmukh. Besides, the party workers and BJP voters, especially those from Sindhi community, are also upset with the refusal of ticket to sitting corporator Prakash Totwani.The ward comprises 32,363 voters, including 16,214 males and 16,149 females. Eight candidates are in the fray including Rakesh Pannase from Congress. There are around 12,000-13,000 Brahmin voters followed by 11,500-12,000 OBC voters, 3,000 Sindhis and 5,000 SC-ST voters, according to the political parties. Deshmukh and Joshi are from the Brahmin community while Pannase is an OBC.However, Deshmukh is an outsider candidate in the ward and may get some setback due to this. If Pannase manages to bring around the OBC voters in his favour, and Joshi divides the BJP votes, Pannase may get a slight advantage. However, everything depends on Joshi, who is a cousin of standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi. If Joshi manages to get more than 2,000 votes, Deshmukh will be on the back foot. Otherwise, Deshmukh may manage to come out victorious.For the women's seat, it is a straight fight between BJP candidate Pallavi Shamkule and NCP candidate Vijaya Ghode. Pallavi is the daughter-in-law of Chandrapur MLA Nana Shamkule while Ghode is the wife of Shrish, an NCP leader.BJP-Cong face off in Narendra NagarNarendra Nagar ward is witnessing a straight fight between BJP candidate Avinash Thakre and Congress candidate Rajesh Kachore. Thakre is a sitting corporator from Somalwada. But he is facing a big challenge from Kachore due to addition of Narendra Nagar ward to the newly formed two-member Narendra Nagar ward.Thakre and Kachore are running neck to neck till date. The ward has 28,393 voters, which is quite less as compared to other wards. But the areas in the ward are widely spread out, from Somalwada to Manish Nagar to Chichbhuvan.The Kachore family is well known in the area and is also financially strong. A part of Manish Nagar is also known after the Kachore family. Besides, the Congress voters are said to dominate Narendra Nagar area. However, Thakre is a knowledgeable person and was the best zone chairman in the city. Thakre is more known in the Somalwada area. Therefore, the two contestants are all set to see a close fight on polling day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880427", "title": "Campaigns go well beyond midnight", "text": "MUMBAI: Campaigning is round-the-clock now and many candidates no longer differentiate between day and night as polling day nears. From organizing party worker meetings to street rallies, 24 hours do not seem to be enough for political parties. Campaigns stretch well beyond midnight as parties try to present their case before voters at places like Bandra, Andheri and Mulund.It was 2am and people had gathered in large numbers outside Sagar City, Andheri (W), on Sunday. The gathering wore a nervous look and small groups of five scattered in the housing society were engaged in an intense discussion-the prospects of Arif Shaikh, who is contesting on a Samajwadi Party ticket. Dressed in a Pathan suit, Shaikh leaned comfortably against a car in the parking lot and spoke to party workers about the next day's plans. \"Campaigning is going good. We have to cover many households within a short span of time. The strategizing takes place well beyond midnight,\" said Shaikh.A party worker from Shaikh's team said, \"This is the time when we can tap auto-rickshaw drivers and people on night shift. Otherwise, we would miss them as they are never available in the afternoon. We cannot afford to miss a single person as every vote counts.\"Party offices remain open so that party workers can take stock of the progress made in the day. \"The Congress Chembur office is opened even at midnight. Party workers return after campaigning and it is time to take stock of election material and plan the next day,\" said a Congress worker.Satyawan Dalvi, an MNS candidate from Mulund, feels there isn't enough time to campaign. \"We have to utilize whatever little time we get to speak to voters. We cannot use loudspeakers late at night for rallies. So, we speak to whoever is available at night,\" said Dalvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881898", "title": "Centre's grant is not Congress money: Mishra", "text": "KANPUR: Senior BSP leader and Rajya Sabha MP Satish Chandra Mishra said that the grant given by the Centre is not its money. \"This money also does not come from Italy. It is the money which the tax-payers and the people of the state pay and they have a complete right over it,\" he said while addressing a public rally in Yashoda Nagar in Maharajpur Assembly constituency on Monday.He was campaigning for Sikha Mishra, wife of former health minister Anant Mishra.\"Congress 'yuvraj' has been saying that they send money from Centre for UP's development but it was not spent by the BSP government in a judicious way. So, I want to question him 'is it his money? Actually our 'haathi' has disturbed the yuvraj's sleep, who has been seeing 'it' even in his dreams. This fear has led the Congress to actually make Election Commission pass a decision of covering the statues of 'haathi' in the state. But this haathi will not stop now and end its journey in Delhi,\" Mishra said.He said that the Congress decision of allowing FDI in retail segment in the state was aimed at removing the small-time retailers from the scene. \"They do not want to end poverty but they want to eradicate poor from the state. For this, they allowed FDI in retail in the country, so that big multinational companies survive here and small-time retailers perish,\" he said.Lambasting the Congress over the issue of corruption, Mishra said that in the last 31 months, 62 scams have surfaced in the country. The latest being the 2G scam. He said that the Congress party does not want to bring black money back to the country. \"If Congress party makes a law on black money, several senior Congress and BJP leaders would get exposed. Thus, they will never make a law for this,\" he added.He said that Mayawati has taken action against anybody found involved in corruption, be it party legislator, MP, administrative official or someone else. The other political parties do nothing but speak volumes about serious issues. Without taking the name of BJP, Mishra pointed out that there are political parties which welcome the politicians into their fold who have been expelled by BSP.Trying to woo the Brahmin voters of Maharajganj, Mishra said that Mayawati has done the task of uniting the Brahmins of the state. \"You (Brahmins) are 15 per cent of 20 crore population of the state. Do not fall apart. Be one. Only BSP thought about uniting Brahmins together but others divided you all and ruled you. BJP has also garnered the votes of Brahmins and formed the government but never done anything for you growth. Congress party has never considered Dalits to be a community but this is one party which has worked in the benefit of all the communities. Vote BSP again to power so that all-round development can be done,\" Mishra said.Mishra said that Congress has learnt from the British how to divide and rule and it has been doing this successfully. \"Why the Congress is talking about Muslim quota right before the elections in the state?,\" he asked. He said that Congress has been dreaming of forming government in the state but in reality it would never get majority to form government on its own. Also, Congress, BJP and SP are in pact with each other and together they have decided to fight the BSP but you people should vote judiciously and bring BSP back in power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880384", "title": "Man held with liquor", "text": "The Hill Line police on Sunday night arrested the associate of a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate with two boxes of liquor bottles, four days before the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation elections. The police said beat marshals under the supervision of sub-inspector R U Sonawane saw Sundar Chimnani (40) loading the boxes into an autorickshaw in which two others were seated.The two, identified as Dharmendra and Anil, escaped along with the auto driver, when the police went to question them. The police have registered a case as they suspect that the liquor was to bribe voters in the area. Sources said many party leaders are allegedly distributing free liquor and hotels and club rooms are being booked for 'get-togethers' to woo voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi/mirzapur", "code": "11880765", "title": "Mayawati on sticky wicket in Poorvanchal", "text": "VARANASI/MIRZAPUR: Despite having given maximum number of tickets to both Brahmins and Muslims to breathe a new life into its social engineering in 2007 that had catapulted the party to power in Uttar Pradesh, Mayawati seemed on a sticky wicket as campaigning ended for 56 seats in Poorvanchal on Monday.BSP had won 31 of these 56 seats (53 before delimitation) last time, but is now struggling to keep its head above water since Muslims are looking favourably at Mulayam Singh Yadav's SP and Brahmin votes are scattered all over the place.In UP's caste cauldron, where 2G and CWG scams and even inflation find mention only as postscripts, Mayawati's headstart over others, thanks her core vote base of 22% dalits, has ensured that she is still in the fight unlike Congress, despite the spirited campaign by Rahul Gandhi , and BJP that has been reduced to mere sidelights.Led by the young Akhilesh Yadav , whose greatest contribution to the party has been to dispel the notion that SP is a party of Yadav goons, the SP has maximum plusses to show in its kitty (apart from the 10% Yadav vote-bank) and seems set to revive its lethal Muslim-Yadav support base and emerge as the single-largest party on March 6.\"Congress will definitely win some votes of Muslims mainly because of the announcement of 4.5% sub- quota, which is more realistic than Mulayam's promised 18%, but overall it is SP which is going to garner maximum votes from them,'' says Yaqub Yawar, who heads the Urdu department at Benares Hindu University (BHU). He adds that between the SP and BSP, Muslims have always voted for the contender because the ruling party has failed to keep its promises made to the community.According to Yawar, many Muslims have still not forgotten how Mulayam allowed Kalyan Singh to cozy up to him but they will still vote for him because he always seemed the best option once disillusionment with Mayawati started to set in. With Mayawati's upper caste votes feeling let down by her and are getting scattered between BJP and Congress, the consolidation of Muslim vote for SP is going to hurt the BSP chief .The BJP, which was quick to oppose 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims within the overall 27% reservation of OBC reservation pie to make inroads into OBC votes, seems unlikely to gain from its rigid stand. Its stalwart Kurmi leader Om Prakash Singh is locked in a fierce four-way contest to save his Chunar seat in nearby Mirzapur. Many among the Kurmis - the dominant OBC caste in Poorvanchal - seem inclined towards Akhilesh whose appeal among OBCs seems to extend beyond Yadavs. \"The Kurmis have not generally voted for SP but Akhilesh is like a breath of fresh air when one thinks about the goonda raj of SP when it was in power,'' says Kamal Patel , a Kurmi transporter based in Sewapuri where his fellow caste members are voting for the local SP candidate. Kurmis have in the past voted for BJP.While BJP leader Sushma Swaraj has repeatedly described Mayawati's winning 2007 slogan sarvjan hitay (service to all) as swajan hitay (service only to self), BJP president Nitin Gadkari described the situation in the state as \"ghode (horse) ko mil nahi rahi ghas, gadha khaye chavanprash''. The problem for the party is that is clearly not looking like a ghoda in this race.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880098", "title": "Blast triggers snarls as cops divert traffic to assist probe", "text": "New Delhi: Traffic was diverted from Aurangzeb Road following the blast in a car belonging to the Israel embassy on Monday.The 100 metre-odd stretch where the blast had taken place was cordoned off by police for investigations. As a result, there was traffic congestion along the stretch for a few hours as curious onlookers lined the stretch and refused to follow traffic diversions.\"In order to assist investigations, we had to divert traffic from the Tughlaq Road-Aurangzeb Road roundabout to the Safdurjung Road-Aurangzeb Road-Kamal Attaturk Marg intersection. The diversions were in place till 7pm while the investigating agencies were collecting evidence. Traffic movement was later allowed. There was no major diversion or traffic jam,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Meanwhile, commuters claimed they were stuck in traffic snarls in the area following the incident. \"Traffic movement was slow when we were travelling on Safdurjung Road. We would move only a few metres and stop again. Most people couldn't understand why there was a jam,\" said Rishika Khera, a commuter.Traffic police said commuters refused to follow the diversions and a tailback resulted in the area. \"Commuters kept arguing with the traffic police that they wanted to proceed to Aurangzeb Road and were not happy when they were asked to turn left or right instead of going straight. As a result, there was a line of vehicles waiting behind them, who also could not take the diversion. However, there was no jam but some congestion which is expected at sudden diversions. This was also the time when peak hour traffic was just beginning, so we tried to keep them moving continuously. There was also a large number of vehicles from media organizations that occupied part of the road space,\" said a senior traffic police officer. The police sources said commuters wanted to travel between Kamal Attaturk Marg and Aurangzeb Road and when they were not allowed due to the diversions they started arguing.\"People were not allowed on their normal routes and when some people stopped to argue, it affected traffic movement behind them as well,\" said a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11879040", "title": "Indo-Iran trade ties come under pressure", "text": "WASHINGTON: America's renowned \" Jewish lobby\" has turned the spotlight on India over its continuing ties with Iran. Pressure from supporters of Israel comes even as US lawmakers, administration officials and editorial pundits are giving New Delhi a hard time over what India insists is a relationship based on energy exigencies and tied to the situation in Afghanistan.Maintaining that it has been \"India's long-time friend and an advocate of increasingly close cooperation between Washington and New Delhi,\" the powerful American Jewish Committee told India's ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao in a letter last week that it was \"deeply troubled\" by recent reports of India's efforts to intensify trade relations with Iran \"at the very moment when the US and fellow democracies are applying new economic pressures to persuade Tehran to halt its nuclear programme\".The letter took particular exception to the announcement made by commerce secretary Rahul Khullar this week that \"a huge delegation\" of Indian business representatives would soon travel to Iran to capitalize on opportunities created by European withdrawal from the Iranian market.\"This suggests that New Delhi is attempting to take advantage of sanctions adopted by like-minded nations for the explicit purpose of preventing nuclear proliferation by a dangerously aggressive regime - and which could, in turn, trigger an escalating arms race - in a highly volatile region,\" the letter said. It expressed alarm and dismay at \"this apparent move to elevate commercial interests over vital security concerns\".The letter was written before Monday's blast targetting Israeli embassy staff in Delhi, but after a three-day visit to Washington by India's foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai, who during his trip tried to explain India's stand on continued trade with Iran to a skeptical US audience. The Iran question surfaced at almost every meeting Mathai had with US administration officials and lawmakers.New Delhi's explanation that it is an energy starved country that has to perforce buy supplies from the most logical and economical source did not make much of an impression. Lawmakers pointed to Japan and South Korea as examples that had, in effect, toed the US line while administration mandarins offered to mitigate the situation by suggesting alternate supply possibilities. India's pledge that supplies from Iran were already down to less than 10% also did not impress players in Washington determined to collar Tehran.For a change though, New Delhi did not employ its usual rhetoric of \"civilizational ties\" with Iran. Instead, Indian officials tried to explain to the Americans that peeling India off from Iran and isolating Tehran will make things more difficult for India and the US in Afghanistan. But the US is already playing footsie with the Taliban in its effort to extricate itself from Afghanistan making things very difficult for New Delhi.Much of India's refining capacity is also premised on sourcing oil from Iran and shifting the supply to other sources brings its own logistical problems, one official explained. While serving officials have been circumspect in explaining India's constraints to the US, former diplomats have made no secret of their disdain for the US's conflicting policies in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11880901", "title": "City schools make tall claims to justify high fees, say parents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Parents of children studying in private schools in the city on Monday met District Collector M Karunagaran seeking action against the school managements for collecting fees higher than that prescribed by the government-appointed fee committee. They also submitted a memorandum to him, addressed to chief minister J Jayalalithaa in this regard.Parents of students from all major schools in the city had signed the memorandum, said R Manimohan, president of the coordinating committee of the Students Welfare Association of Parents ( SWAP). \"Barring a few exceptions, most schools charge fees that are much higher than that prescribed. The various fee determination committees appointed by the state government had prescribed fees for each school based on what they had to offer,\" he added. Some parents even alleged that schools charge fees under false claims.Shanthi Rajan, who has a fifth grader and UKG student at Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School says, \"Initially, they refused to give us receipts. When we pressed for them, they gave it to us, charging us Rs 3,900 for amenities and Rs 100 for tuition, for just one semester\".Parents claim their children are harassed when they refuse to pay the extra money. \"They harass those who don't pay. They do not give hall tickets for class 10 students. They even fail to give the 'conduct certificates' to students who do not pay,\" says S Manohar, whose son is also at Lisieux school. He claims that they also charge an additional fee to acquire the Transfer Certificates.CR Chandrasekaran, whose daughter is a UKG student at the Sri Gopal Naidu Higher Secondary School, Peelamedu, says, \"In the name of smart classes, they show discovery channel. They even charge under the head of nursing fees. But I'm not sure that the school even has a maid. There is even a category called 'Insurance fees'. What is appalling is that the school does not have many of the basic facilities,\" he says.\"Despite the huge fees, the school has only three toilets for 700 students. No water facilities. Students have to carry their own water. They have seven computers, one screen and one projector which may have cost about Rs 5 lakh. But each student has to pay Rs 3000 for this,\" says Chandrasekar.N Jayakumar, whose son studies in UKG at the Nehru Vidyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School says that the school harasses parents when they refuse to pay the excess fees. They collect a special fee to celebrate graduation day, he said. Those students who don't pay this fee cannot participate in the celebrations. \"It is very difficult as children don't like to be left out,\" he says.\"Every year we are charged an additional amount as admission fees. We were told to either pay up or take the child out of the school. The school management turned down the request for a PTA meeting to discuss the issue,\" said BN Perumal, whose child is in class 9 at Chinmaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School.R Visalakshi, President of the Association of Federation of Private Schools Coimbatore, said that the fee prescribed by the government was not adequate. \"Schools cannot run on the fees prescribed by the government,\" she said. All schools have PTA meetings, but sometimes parents create severe law and order problems, she added. When asked about the charges of discrimination against those students who do not pay up, she denied the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879688", "title": "Valentine's Day: Right-wingers bond, launch moral spiel on the event", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bonding on the eve of Valentine's Day, both Hindu and Muslim right-wing outfits began their annual moral policing spiel, discouraging the youth from participating in the Valentine's Day celebrations. Interestingly, they decided to target such celebrations in the Old City this year.While the saffron brigade is planning to 'directly attack' any romantic outings by couples, muftis and imams of mosques have called the practise as 'un-Islamic.' The groups from the two communities, it seems, have inadvertently found themselves on the same page, echoing similar views.The Hindutva forces, the embarrassing porngate episode in the Karnataka Assembly notwithstanding, are all set to spread awareness among the youth to idolise only those of 'strong moral character' and not St Valentine.\"We intend to disturb celebrations across the city because they go against Indian values. We will directly attack unmarried couples in parks,\" threatened Nomula Vinod Kumar, president, Greater Hyderabad Bajrang Dal. Blaming multi-national corporations for corrupting the youth, Kumar said that two \"teams\" comprising 20 workers will be sent to the Old City to monitor Valentine's Day celebrations.Muslim students and religious activists of organisations such as Students Islamic Organisation (SIO), the student wing of Jamat-e-Islami Hind, too plan to give it a cultural angle. They say that Indians must not adopt all things western and that a filtering process of all cultural imports has to be done.Otherwise, the rich Indian ethos will invariably find itself supplanted, they said. Syed Anas Razvi, president, SIO, says, \"While we are definitely not against love, we believe that Valentine's Day brings about a commercialisation of human relationships. Celebrating Valentine's Day is a recent phenomenon from an alien culture. We must struggle for independence of the composite Indian culture.\"Meanwhile, muftis and imams in mosques are giving sermons on staying away from the celebrations. Mufti Ziauddin Naqshbandi, who delivered a lecture at the Masjid Abul Hasanat at Phoolbagh denouncing the celebrations on February 12, said, \"While a fatwa has not been issued yet against Valentine's Day celebrations, it must be understood that carnal freedom in the name of Valentine's Day is against the very tenets of Islam and is a dangerous fitna (temptation) for the Muslim community. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878610", "title": "BJP will make a comeback in UP: Ravishankar Prasad", "text": "VARANASI: BJP general secretary and chief spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad didn't waste time in making a dig at opposition leaders, especially Congress leaders, on the concluding day of third phase of election campaigning on Monday.Talking to media persons, he cautioned both the Congress and the Samajwadi Party (SP) to stop the appeasement of minorities, especially Muslims, by playing reservation card right before the assembly elections.\"The voters will give befitting replies to the tall promises and announcements of the opposition leaders and I am already seeing a positive change in the two rounds of UP assembly elections. The large turnout of voters, including rural as well as urban voters, is a positive sign for BJP and it promises to change the destiny of the state in the days to come,\" he added.Making a hard dig at Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid's controversial remarks regarding the minorities sub-quota issue in Farrukhabad constituency, which also happened to be the assembly constituency of his wife, Prasad, who is also a senior advocate of Supreme Court said that for the first time in the history of the country, a senior minister and that too a law minister has been on the target of the Election Commission (EC) for his unconstitutional remarks and violation of model code of conduct.\"It is surprising that top rung of Congress leaders including Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh are tight-lipped on the issue and it would be interesting to see what action the PM takes in this regard,\" he said.Dismissing Rahul Gandhi's stand that ruled out post-poll alliance with SP or BSP to form the next government in the state, he said the letter of support from these two parties to the UPA government is still pending at Rashtrapati Bhawan.Terming senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh's remarks on every political issue as evergreen, he stressed that the he had readymade answers to every issue, ranging from Baba Ramdev to Anna Hazare. Further, taking SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's claims of going to any lengths to ensure reservation for minorities, especially Muslims, he said it was unfortunate that the opposition parties and leaders were going for appeasement for communal mobilization.When asked about the absence of young faces including Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and firebrand leaderVarun Gandhi from election campaigning, Prasad said Modi might soon join campaigning in the next phase of elections and Varun Gandhi was busy in his constituency. He also brushed aside the speculations of Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath that no party was going to form the next government and it would be a hung assembly.\"It is too premature to jump to any conclusion and only results will show which way the pendulum will swing,\" he said.Giving due credit to the EC for ensuring free, fair and peaceful elections in the state so far, senior BJP leader compared the situation to last assembly elections in Bihar, where not a drop of blood was shed though the state had notorious history of witnessing bloodshed during elections.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11881111", "title": "All guktha samples fail FDA test", "text": "BHOPAL: In all the gutkha samples tested, the Madhya Pradesh Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have found traces of harmful magnesium carbonate or tobacco or both. The tested samples included leading brands of gutkha, say officials.FDA officials said all 122 samples of gutkha collected from across the state during April-December 2011 contained traces of magnesium carbonate and tobacco contrary to the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act (1954) stipulation tjat gutkha should not contain harmful contents as it is a product for human consumption.MP food safety commissioner Ashwini Rai said \"The companies which have failed the test would only be renewed licences after they stick to norms.\"Most manufacturers whose products have failed the test do not have a production base in the state and there is little the FDA could do against the companies. However, Rai said more samples would be collected and the FDA would recall batches of gutkha products \"The units based in MP would face tighter scrutiny,\" he added.\"Magnesium carbonate is a prohibited substance and without its use, the thriving gutkha market would automatically close down,\" say gutkha industry insiders, pointing out gutkha manufacturers use it only to make substance more free-flowing. In absence of magnesium carbonate, gutkha will turn sticky in sachets. Medical practitioners say that magnesium carbonate along with tobacco.\"The gutkhas from different brands have tested positive.\" The samples were tested in the state food testing laboratory, which is slated for an upgrade later this year.Doctors say that excessive betal nut chewing over a prolonged period causes oral sub-mucous fibrosis, an irreversible condition that results in restricted mouth opening. The carcinogenic properties of betal nut get deadly when taken with tobacco in gutka. India has 75,000 to 80,000 new cases of oral cancer per year, the world's highest incidence, World Health Organisation (WHO) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11878782", "title": "'Hotelier's attack wasn't pre-meditated'", "text": "MUMBAI: Before shooting at his sister, Lorna, hotelier Lalit Dsouza did not premeditate the act and did not assault her with an intention to cause her death or with the knowledge that such injuries would cause her death, said additional sessions judge A Subramaniam. The judge, who has convicted Lalit of causing grievous hurt, has mentioned it in a 40-page judgment copy made available to the defence on Monday.Additional sessions judge A Subramaniam, who convicted hotelier Lalit Dsouza of causing grievous hurt to his sister Lorna Dsouza, said him shooting at her was not a premeditated act and Lalit did not assault her with an intention to cause her death or with the knowledge that such injuries would cause her death.\"The prosecution has failed to establish beyond reasonable doubt that the hurt was caused with an intention to kill,\" the judge said.In October 2007, Lalit (42) pumped six bullets into Lorna (44) at their Cuffe Parade building. following an argument over parking space.The court ruled that to prove an attempt-to-murder charge, as levelled by Lorna, the intention and knowledge to cause death were important. \"It is not the number of bullets but the nature of injury caused by a single bullet that will matter,\" the court said.Lalit was sentenced to three years in jail and is currently out on bail.The siblings had been caught in a dispute for years over their plush three-BHK home at Cuffe Parade and a chain of restaurants among other things. On October 28, 2007, around 3.30am, Lorna returned from a dinner when she saw a car (Swift) blocking the way near the building's gate. As she argued with the watchman, she learnt it belonged to Lalit's friend. Shortly, Lalit came down and shot at her.Acquitting Lalit of charges of attempt to murder a fortnight ago, Judge Subramaniam said, \"The friend's visit to the house cannot be called pre-mediated. Lorna's returning home later than the accused arriving at the house was not pre-meditated.... Even the gun being in Lalit's pocket cannot be called pre-meditated...\" and the explanation that it was in his pocket after coming back from a bar seems natural.\"The court said there was provocation from Lorna by parking her car behind the Swift for no reason and her insistence on removing it. that eventually escalated into an argument.The judge said the doctor's statement had discrepancy in the nature and number of injuries.The judge refuted Lalit's argument that the bullets were fired in self-defence. He said at most, the argument could be a provocation. \"The accused has failed to establish that the assault was by way of self defence, but (he) has exceeded his normal limits of defence,\" he said.available to him in the facts and circumstances of the case,\"He added the prosecution failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Lalit was in possession of bullets beyond the permissible limits of his licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871791", "title": "Asin-Shazahn-Jacqueline bond big time", "text": "Rope in two or more actresses in a film and it does not come as a surprise to watch director tearing his hair in frustration.The under current of rivalry and insecurity between have often sparked off tension on the sets. And often there are cat fights too. But fortunately that has not been the case on the sets of Housefull 2.Sajid Khan's all the actresses -- Asin Thottumkal , Shazahn Padamsee and Jacqueline Fernendes hit it off from day one. A source revealed, \"It was surprising to see all of them having a ball of a time on the sets. They got along like a house on fire. The three even shared girlie secrets often making the unit members wonder what they were upto. Asin, Shazahn and Jacqueline were so down to earth that Sajid wondered if all the four of them were in the same film.They maintained that keeping a distance and being aloof was not in their nature and that knowing each other better would only help the film in the long run.\"So thick was the bond that the actresses even shared their BBM ids and began chatting nineteen to the dozen. \"The chats continue even when they are not shooting. And Sajid is one happy man for sure,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879449", "title": "Antony reposes 'full faith\u2019 in Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even though speculation is still rife that General V K Singh may soon resign after losing his battle on the age issue in the Supreme Court, defence minister A K Antony on Monday expressed hope the festering controversy was now over while reposing \"full faith'' in the Army chief.\"The government has confidence in the present chief and that was conveyed in the Supreme Court also. Everything is clear and we have confidence in him,\" said Antony, before leaving for a two-day trip to Saudi Arabia on Monday morning.\"I am very happy this controversy is over after the judgment of the Supreme Court. In the interest of national security, please forget and bury this unfortunate controversy. Whatever has happened has happened and is over now,'' he said.\"I request my colleagues to close this chapter and let us all work together to strengthen national security. For us, national interest is supreme,\" he added.Gen Singh, who has left everyone guessing over his next move after becoming the first serving military chief ever to drag the government to court, also left for a four-day visit to the UK later in the day.As earlier reported by TOI, the defence ministry has readied the succession plan, with Eastern Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh tipped to become the next chief of the 1.13-million force once Gen Singh retires on May 31.Even if the Army chief decides to put in his papers before his tenure ends, the government in all likelihood will stick with Lt-Gen Bikram Singh. But it will queer the pitch a little since two other Army commanders, Lt-Generals Shankar Ghosh (Western) and V K Ahluwalia (Central), will be senior to Lt-Gen Bikram Singh in that eventuality.In the normal course of things, Lt-Gen Ahluwalia is slated to retire on February 29, while Lt-Gen Ghosh has to call it a day on May 31, paving the way for the third senior-most Army commander Lt-Gen Bikram Singh to get the coveted post.The defence minister and the Army chief have been avoiding each other over the last few days. The widespread feeling in both military and civilian quarters in South Block is that if Gen Singh decides to continue in office, he will be reduced to \"a lame-duck chief'' due to the \"huge trust deficit'' between him and Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879395", "title": "Power body works on online bill", "text": "RANCHI: Every year while approving new power tariff for Jharkhand state electricity board the sactioning authority, Jharkhand state electricity regulatory commission issues certain guidelines for improvement in service delivery. This year the commission not just expressed concern about delay in delivery of bills to consumers but issued specific guidelines that in case of delayed circulation of bill the board is not authorized to levy delayed surcharge payment from the consumers, who are not at fault for delayed payment.Despite these directives JSEB consumers are once again facing similar problem as the bills are not being delivered on monthly basis. Admitting this lapse on part of the agencies entrusted with the job of carrying out meter reading and handing over bills to consumers at home, Chairman JSEB S N Verma said that the board is aware of such problems arising in different localities. \"The problem apparently lies with the agencies who appoint people at a meager amount to seek details of meter reading and handover electricity bills as a result of which they quit job every now and then and the agency suffers with manpower crisis,\" he said admitting that the board is planning to hold talks with the agencies so that they improve on delivery mechanism.In another solution, board has planned to give an option of online downloading of the bills and increase number of automated teller payment (ATP) machines in the capital. \"We are planning to increase the number of ATP machines to 20 but it would be of use only when consumers have access to a copy of the bill as per their convenience and for that the website - jseb.in is being rejuvenated,\" Verma said.The board website remained hacked for around two years and it suffered with manpower crunch in the IT section. It was recently that nine people have been appointed in the IT section and engaged to update the website on a war footing. Verma said that efforts are on to make the system functional by March at least on a pilot basis so that district consumers of could also be linked with the online bill related issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878915", "title": "'Educate people about cow laws and welfare practices'", "text": "NAGPUR: Not many know that a slaughter house requires a certificate from the Pollution Control Board (PCB), paving way for many illegal and unhygienic slaughter houses in the city. Hence to educate people about cow laws and welfare practices a seminar was conducted on Saturday at Subhmangal Karyalay, Bhagwagar layout.Sukrut Nirman Charitable trust, which had organized the seminar, has been long fighting for the cause of curbing cow slaughter in the region.Two renowned city lawyers, Rajendra Daga and Mohit Khajanki were invited to address the gathering. \"Both the lawyers have been working with us for quite some time to curb the act of killing cows. They don't even charge us and have been looking after it in the entire Vidarbha region,\" said Kannubhai Savadiya, the head of the trust.Though technical laws prevail, they are beyond the understanding of a common man. The guest speakers threw a light on the proper use of the laws and the procedure required to be followed to file complaints pertaining to animal-slaughtering.Daga said, \"Any FIR that you file must necessarily claim that the animal is being taken for slaughtering only, without which the complaint remains weak.\"Khajanki told that the three illegal slaughter houses running in the city have not been approved by the PCB. \"Any slaughter house must have a certificate from the PCB, which the city's main slaughter houses don't have,\" he said.\"Though cows only above 16 years are approved for slaughtering, this rule is blatantly broken. A PIL has been filed by the trust at the high court demanding ban on slaughtering in the entire state,\" said Khajanki.Maharashtra Animal Preservation Act has been pending since 1995 and the trust is also fighting with the state government for implementing it. The slaughtering of animals has, no doubt, an indirect effect on the environment. Besides this, the meat is also not examined, which might lead to severe health hazards to the consumers.\"Also a few areas where slaughtering takes place are not unhygienic with insects and mosquitoes brooding in the filthy surrounding,\" said Kannubhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879912", "title": "Doctors on strike: Death toll climbs in state hospitals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly 80 deaths have been reported from various government hospitals in the state in the last three days as emergency services were hit in the wake of the ongoing stir by the junior doctors.In Vizag's King George Hospital (KGH) alone, the death toll in the last 24 hours was 13. While 10 deaths were reported from Kurnool, six patients died in Warangal and 15 in Guntur in the last 24 hours.Sources said 20 patients had died in KGH on Saturday and Sunday and 29 deaths were reported in the last 48 hours in Guntur region. Notwithstanding the claims of the authorities that everything is 'fine', the death rate has been climbing all the time leaving the patients and their family members shocked. While authorities denied that the deaths were due to lack of medicare, sources said most of the victims were suffering from heart diseases and some were accident-related cases.While the average death rate at the 1,150-bed government hospital in Guntur is between 9 and 11, KGH authorities said 5-10 deaths are reported daily.\"No death has been reported due to inadequate services in the hospital. We admit most complicated and chronic cases which sometimes go out of our hands,\" defended Guntur GGH superintendent Challa Mohan Rao.Joining the issue, KGH superintendent Syam Prasad said the deaths in critical cases were natural. Presently, 414 doctors were attending to all the services and surgeries performed.\"We have hired the services of more than 1,000 nursing students of various colleges in Vizag for the convenience of patients. In each shift more than 300 nursing students are serving the patients,\" Prasad said. He, however, admitted that the number of out-patients has come down considerably.The number of surgeries has come down drastically in the hospitals. As against 75 major surgeries that are performed daily at Guntur GGH, doctors are taking up only 23 cases. The number of minor surgeries has also come down to seven from 35 daily. On an average, KGH doctors perform 90 operations in all the wings but now only 25-30 surgeries are being done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11878889", "title": "5-day theatre fest begins", "text": "GUWAHATI: A five-day theatre festival began on Monday with ESA Dorjee Thongsi's stage adaptation of his acclaimed novel 'Swah Kota Manuh' (Corpse Cutting People) at Rabindra Bhawan. Organised by the Artists' Welfare of Assam (AWFA), the festival will feature noted theatre personality and Bollywood actress Seema Biswas performing in two plays -'Jivit Ya Mrit' directed by Anuradha Kapoor from National School of Drama, New Delhi, and the self-directed 'Stri Putra'.The festival will also stage plays directed by noted Assamese theatre personalities like Bahirul Islam and Pakiza Begum from Assam and West Bengal's Rama Prasad Banik.'Swah Kota Manuh' is about the strange and macabre practice of cutting a corpse into 108 pieces, a ritual practised by the Mompa community in Arunachal Pradesh. It also includes a love story revolving around the protagonists of the novel. The novel was adapted for the stage by Anup Hazarika, a prominent Assamese theatre personality, and the play was produced by 'Baah Productions'.\"We have retained the name of the novel, but we have adapted the novel for the stage version. The novel is very powerful and ESA Dorjee Thongsi, who is a native of Arunachal Pradesh and a Sahitya Akademi winner, speaks about the beliefs and philosophies of the Mompa people - who are Buddhist and belong to the Mahayana sect. He particularly focuses on this weird ritual practiced by them - while others burn or bury corpses, the Mompa people cut them corpse into 108 pieces and throw it into the river ,\" said Pakiza Begum, director of 'Swah Kota Manuh'. \"I was a student of philosophy and was really attracted by the subject matter of the novel. The novel also includes a love story, and revolves around the concept of reincarnation and re-birth, both important aspect in the Buddhist philosophy,\" added Begum.Chetana Das, noted Assamese comedienne and part of Baah Productions, said, \"It is important that we have such festivals so that it gives impetus to new upcoming artistes and writers. We want encouragement from people. It is through such endeavors that we can highlight the problems of our society and create awareness. Theatre is a powerful media and is a lot different from cinema.\"Mrinal Kal Das, general secretary AWFA, said: \"We at AWFA try to help our fraternity so that we can help any artists who find it difficult to arrange resources by themselves in dire times. We have been doing this for the last 15 years and have collected around Rs 11 lakh, which we have kept it in the Bank so that it gathers interest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11880493", "title": "Green tax on outside vehicles in Shimla from Feb 20", "text": "SHIMLA: To reduce vehicle congestion in popular hill resort, Shimla, the Himachal Pradesh government on Monday approved a civic body's proposal to impose green tax on outside vehicles entering the city. The urban development department issued a notification authorizing the municipal corporation to impose green taxes on outside vehicles on the pattern of tax levied in Manali.The green tax would come into effect from February 20, officials said. The Corporation would earn Rs six crore annually from the green tax, they said. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881748", "title": "SoBo school gets court nod to work on building", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has given the nod for Gopi Birla Memorial School at Walkeshwar to go ahead with the construction of its proposed building from February 17.Hearing a petition filed by residents of Bay View Cooperative Housing Society on Malabar Hill that excavation carried out by the school could lead to a landslide and weaken the hill's foundation, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi has allowed the petitioners to forward their suggestions to the management . \"( The school management ) shall take them into consideration while commencing the construction,'' said the judges. The court has sanctioned the school extension work in two phases, making it clear that the work connected with the hill's slope will be carried out post-monsoon .The girls' school-which has classes from nursery to standard X and is affiliated to the CBSE-is run by the Yash Birla group. The school had commenced construction of the new extension building in 2010 and the residents had approached the court to oppose the BMC's decision to allow the school to flatten a portion of the hill. The residents of Bay View, located on the edge of one of the cliffs on Malabar Hill and next to the state's Sahyadri guest house, had raised fears that the excavation could endanger the buildings on top of the hill.The court, in October 2011, granted an injunction restraining the school management from carrying out any more work. The management told the court that they had obtained all the necessary approvals . They subsequently, agreed to carry out the work in two phases.Between February 2012 and October 2012, the management would carry out construction only on the plot's flat portion. The slope portion will be strengthened with six supports that will go approximately one metre deep into the rock. From October 2012 to May 2013, construction on the slope would be carried out. School authorities informed the court that they had completed excavation for the basement level and the base of the lift. The court said its stay on construction would operate till February 17, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881190", "title": "Eight convicted for hacking man to death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A trial court here on Monday convicted eight persons in a 2006 murder case and sentenced them to rigorous imprisonment for life. The fast track court-II judge, A P Sahoo, also slapped a fine of Rs 1,000 on each of the lifers.The convicts Pankaj Bhoi, Narendra Bhoi, Akhyaya Bhoi, Sridhar Bhoi, Giridhari Bhoi, Surendra Sahoo, Bijay Kumar Bhoi and Alok Behera had on June 8, 2006 hacked one Surendra Prusty to death at Mundahana Patna village within Balipatna police limits, on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar. Prusty's nephew Umesh had also sustained grievous injuries in the attack.\"There was some kind of civil dispute over land rights between the two rivals that triggered the murder. Umesh was an eyewitness of the murder,\" additional public prosecutor cadre Pradeep Dash told TOI. \"The deceased and his nephew were returning after attending call of nature from a river embankment when the assailants waylaid them and attacked them with sharp-edged weapons,\" Dash said.Three others are still undergoing trial in the same case. As many as fifteen accused were charge-sheeted by police, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880003", "title": "Man pretends to take poison to avoid lockup", "text": "MUMBAI: To evade police custody, an accused in a robbery case claimed to have consumed poison in the Bandra police lockup. Arrested a few days back, the accused, Nadeem, was sent to the Bandra-Kurla Complex police custody for investigation.Police said there were around 13 cases of robbery, theft and chain-snatching against Nadeem. Recently, the Bandra police had taken Nadeem into their custody for inquiry in a robbery case.Cops said that the accused, Nadeem, feared that other police stations may also want his custody in various other cases.On Friday night, Nadeem told a constable that he had consumed poison. The constable informed his seniors about it.Nadeem was taken to Bhabha Hospital and kept under observation for two days. A policeman was deployed at the hospital. TThe doctors informed the Bandra police officials on Monday thatNadeem's medical examination revealed he had not consumed any toxic substance. - Vijay V SinghNadeem has been shifted back to the lockup where he along with other accomplices had looted woman's ornaments avoid Bandra police took an accused, Nadeem, in a theft case to hospital after he told them that he had taken poison. The doctors kept him on observation for two days and said he had got no toxic inside after which the police again took him back to the lockup.The police claimed that there were around 13 cases of robbery, theft and chain-snatching were registered against Nadeem and he had created entire drama to ensure that the police should not take his further custody.The special squad of west region had arrested Nadeem few days back in a robbery case and handed over his custody to Bandra-Kurla-Complex police for the investigation.Recently, the Bandra police had took Nadeem into their custody to enquire him about a robbery case where he along with other accomplices had looted woman's ornaments.The official stated that Nadeem feared that other police stations also take his custody in various other cases registered with them after Bandra police. He told the lockup policemen on Friday night that he had consumed poison. The constable found that he was looking normal but informed his seniors about it.The police then decided to take Nadeem at Bhabha Hospital for the checkup where doctors suggested to keep him on observation for two days. A policeman was deployed at the hospital to keep an eye on him. Bandra police officials stated that on Monday the doctors told them that Nadeem's medical examination revealed that he had not consumed toxic after which he was shifted to the lock-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881091", "title": "Slain teacher\u2019s daughter consoles students", "text": "CHENNAI: \"When a teacher pulls you up for not performing, it's not putting pressure on you but an encouragement to do well in life. She loved her students more than she loved her children. I appeal to all parents to spend quality time with their children, shower them with love and affection as material things are immaterial in life.''That was 16-year-old R Sangeetha, daughter of slain school teacher M Uma Maheshwari at a memorial service at St Mary's Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School on Monday.A student of class 11 of Ebenezer Marcus Matriculation Residential School in Ambattur, Sangeetha was a picture of maturity and composure four days after a 15-year-old student stabbed her mother to death in a classroom. Accompanying her was her 12-year-old sister Janani. More than 1,000 students had gathered at the school at 8am for what turned out to be a poignant get-together.\"Six days a week she spent time with you and only on Sundays I got to see her,\" Sangeetha said, as many in the gathering fought tears.\"This is a incident which can never be wiped from our hearts, but it is my duty as a daughter to live by the ideals my mother lived for. She was highly religious and spread the word of Christ and lived according to the Bible. Everyone, please keep us in your prayers.\"It was a moving sight when tears rolled down the cheeks of a few students when the hymn 'How great thou art' was sung. Slain teacher's daughter consoles students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880219", "title": "New mist machines to boost fire brigade arsenal", "text": "NASHIK: To improve fire-fighting measures in the city in an economical manner, the Nashik fire brigade department has decided toEmbarking on measuresTo improve the fire-fighting system in the city in an effective and economical manner, the Nashik fire brigade Fire Brigade, Nashik has decided to rope in the help of five mist mini fire tenders - one each across all five fire stations in six divisions of the Nashik Municipal Corporation.\"It is a powerful system to fight fire as it is extremely mobile and reduces the direct and indirect water losses during the action,\" fire chief Anil Mahajan said. Mounted on Mahindra Engine chasis,The mini-fire tender is armed with 550 litres of water and 50 litres of foam. When in action it creates a mist effect in 100 square meters of an enclosed area, while in the open the machine easily helps in fighting the fire at electricity distribution points or other such small fires.The system is also Every vehicle is loaded with rescue mission features such as steel cutters etc. also comes with the ingredients for rescue mission that includes steel cutters and other aspects.Based on German technology, the mist-mini fire fighting system, and currently also used operating in Thane in Maharashtra and across in the entire state of Gujarat and and costs of Rs 32 lakh per vehicle. They The mist-fire tender system based on German technology and referred by Government of India,This new system are expected to be inducted in the Nashik fire brigade of Nashik by March 2012, the officials said.Speaking about the utility of the vehicles, the fire chief added that said this it would be the best machine to fight fire when it comes to tackling issues in the alleys and slums where big fire tenders have to either struggle to squeeze in and out of the areas or cannot enter are inaccessible at all. \"There are gaothan areas in the city - sections of Deolaligaon, Satpur, Nashik Road Nashik and lso many other more densely populated areas where life saving in the event of fire incident is a difficult task these vehicles could prove to be life-saving and therefore of will be of a great helpin those situations,\" Mahajan informed. The mini fire tenders use simple technology where technology is simple and uses high pressure water is released from a the nozzle to create a mist-effect.This which lowers the temperature and also reduces the oxygen content of oxygen in the area, consequently creating This creates favourable fire-fighting conditions in allows favourable conditions for the fire-men to enter the danger zones. It also and also drastically cuts down the direct wastage of water as well, Mahajan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872233", "title": "Imran Khan says no to Arjun Rampal", "text": "Actor Imran Khan refused to be part of Arjun Rampal's production venture.It seems Imran Khan is too scared to meet his biggest hater and thus refused to be a part of Arjun Rampal's show Love to Hate you. We heard the show organizers were looking forward to having Imran Khan on the show.Unlike other actors, the actor wasn't too comfortable with the idea of meeting his hater. Well the actor gave reasons of dates and excused himself from the show. After Aamir, Imran is known for his chocolate boy image in Bollywood. The actor certainly wants to meet his fans and not his biggest hater.Interestingly, Imran is not the only Bollywood celebrity who has refused to be part of the show! It can be recalled that actress Sonam Kapoor , too, wasn't too keen to be a part of 'Love to Hate You' and didn't participate in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11881448", "title": "Narvekar says Kamat will not lead Congress after polls", "text": "MAPUSA: Congress candidate from Aldona and former deputy chief minister Dayanand Narvekar on Monday said he has stayed with the party on the high command's assurance of a change in leadership after the March 3, 2012 polls.\"I am there in Congress because it has been indicated to me by the people sitting in Delhi that there will be a leadership change in Goa,\" Narvekar told media persons after filing his nomination.Known for his criticism of chief minister Digambar Kamat since being dropped from the ministry three years ago, Narvekar said, \"Many politicians have damaged the Congress image in Goa and it will be difficult for the party to overcome it during the campaign.\"Narvekar said Congress will take a serious beating in the elections due to corruption and illegal mining. He blamed chief minister Digambar Kamat for not effectively handling issues plaguing Goans and said a leader like Kamat is not meant for the state of Goa.\"His (Kamat) name was even rejected as the Congress campaign chief by the high command,\" Narvekar added.Narvekar added that the people should decide who they want as representatives in the legislative assembly and corrupt politicians should be sent home. Surprising many, the Aldona MLA rode a two-wheeler to reach the returning officer's office in Mapusa and file his nomination papers.Goa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880469", "title": "Students reach out to the underprivileged", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of Kolkata students have come together to reach out to their underprivileged counterparts and help them continue their education. Thirty-five of them will go around orphanages in the city, teaching English to youngsters, many of whom are forced to drop out of school largely because they are not comfortable in English and lack the skill to learn in the language at the undergraduate level.At a presentation held at the National University of Juridical Sciences (NUJS) on Monday, Make a Difference (MAD) - an NGO - got the youngsters together to launch a weekend training programme for orphanage children. \"Around 70% of children in India drop out before Class X. These include the underprivileged youngsters and the orphans who study in the vernacular medium. As they reach high school they realize they won't be able to progress much further unless they are comfortable in English. The result is that most drop out for odd jobs. They don't have the financial or emotional support to start learning English all over again. So, we have devised a programme to help them catch up. We recruit volunteers - college students and young working professionals - who teach these children on weekends,\" explained Samarth Agarwal, COO of MAD.The NGO has been operating across 19 cities in India for the last five years. \"We have two major objectives - to help them learn and provide emotional support so that they start believing in themselves and to guide them on careers,\" said Agarwal. So far, 1200 college students have enrolled for one-year fellowships and 3500 youngsters have been trained in English.Presently, MAD operates in three orphanages of Kolkata including the Calcutta Muslim Orphanage and ACTT. It has 40 volunteers from various colleges like St Xavier's College, NUJS, Jadavpur University, Presidency College. The drive to bring in the change in the society through equality in education is what has got this 20 yrs olds together to make a difference.Sanika Gokhale, an enthusiastic volunteer exclaims, \"I have always been passionate about helping the underprivileged and MAD gives me the opportunity to do that. I am so glad to be a part of MAD, Kolkata.\"According to Tapobrata Mukhopadhyay, vice-president of MAD Kolkata: \"We are glad that after a lot of hard work, MAD Kolkata has been introduced into the city and giving college students or young professionals the opportunity to touch the lives of so many underprivileged children in the city.\"However, we are still facing a shortage of volunteers and would be looking recruit more around the middle of this year. Interested candidates can join the initiative by mailing their applications to president.kolkata@makeadiff.in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878287", "title": "Man murdered over monetary dispute", "text": "NAGPUR: A body was found with stab wounds on the footpath at Empress Mall T-point at Gandhi Sagar Lake late on Sunday night. The deceased was later identified as Bashir Ahmed, son of the first corporator of Muslim league Ehsaan Mohammad. Ganeshpeth police suspect he was murdered over some monetary dispute.The cops had a tough time identifying the body as it did not have any identifying documents or marks. There was also no blood around the body, and the police suspected the murder was committed somewhere else and the culprits might have tried to toss the body into the lake but failed.Some religious strings tied to the wrist led Ganeshpeth police to inquire among the Muslim community, which led to Ahmed's (38) identification. His family at Teka Naka said he hadn't reached home on Sunday evening. Ahmed, who owns a pan kiosk at Teka Naka, had been last seen at his kiosk with Avinash Rahate alias Chotu.The police then traced Rahate's residence at Lashkaribagh and picked him up for interrogation. Sources from the police said that though Rahate tried to misguide the cops, he confessed to having killed Ahmed, a father of two sons and a daughter.Rahate admitted that he had been to Ahmed's kiosk in the evening. After chatting for an hour, he forced Ahmed to come with him for a party at his house. Rahate took Ahmed on his bike to his residence at Lakadganj, where two other accused, Abhijeet Tiwari and Vijay Chaurasia, were already present. Police said that the murder was planned by Rahate and Tiwari while Chaurasia was involved later.According to police sources, Rahate and Tiwari owned a lottery centre at Santra Market. In the last few months, they had suffered a loss of around Rs 30,000. They had approached Ahmed for help many times but were sent away. So, Rahate and Tiwari planned to kill Ahmed.As per the plan, Ahmed was stabbed by the trio at Rahate's house. Cops said Rahate and Tiwari then tried to wash away some of the blood and took the body on a bike and dumped it on the footpath.Ganeshpeth police have registered a case of murder. Rahate, Tiwari and Chaurasia are still being interrogated.In another incident at Hudkeshwar, 25-year-old Raj Dhurve was found murdered near his residence at Vitthal Nagar on Monday evening. Police said that Dhurve, a labourer, had injuries on his private parts. Hudkeshwar police are still trying to ascertain the reason behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11879021", "title": "Police warn against troublemaking on V-Day", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city cops have warned of stern legal action against people planning to take the law into their own hands and create a law and order problem on Valentine's Day. They are keeping a hawk's eye for any troublemaker.City police have deployed men near all places of visit in their limits to prevent any untoward incident. Meanwhile, Sri Rama Sene activists have appealed public, especially youths, not to celebrate the day claiming that it was against Indian culture. They have affixed pamphlets at almost every institution across Mysore.DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Y Malagattisaid they are making elaborate security measures across the city to ensure no unpleasant incident takes place on Tuesday. He said they have deployed men at parks, tourist spots and institutions a precautionary measure. The DCP has warned of action against troublemakers.V-Day Cards Sale UpA gift centre on Seethavilas road has special Valentine's Day cards and other gifts to offer this Valentine's Day. Shop manager Veeraraj Urs told TOI that they have musical pillows/hearts, chocolates, soft toys and photo frames to offer this season.Valentine's Day cards are always in great demand, so this year also, they have over 100 Valentine's Day card designs ranging from Rs 50 to Rs 400. Business at the company's outlet has picked up since four days and it will rise steadily till V-Day since people of all age groups buy gifts along with cards, said the manager of the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880072", "title": "Holy city, high-pitched battles", "text": "LUCKNOW: Regarded by scores of people as the king of all pilgrimage places, Teerthraj Prayag or Allahabad, which witnesses the confluence of Ganga, Yamuna and the mythical Saraswati, plays a major role in the state's politics. The Sangam city, which has given the country the maximum number of prime ministers, houses 12 assembly constituencies in the state, the highest in an individual district in the state.Barring few assembly seats, the political battle in most of the constituencies is quite interesting and stakes to are high. As many as 249 candidates would be contesting from 12 seats. In all, 261 nominations were filed. Phulpur has the highest number of contesting candidates, which is 27, while the lowest number of candidates in the fray is 14 from Handia. Voting would be held on February 15.The war to wrest control over Allahabad North is primarily among BJP's Udaybhan Karwaria, brother of BSP MP from Phulpur Kapilmuni Karwaria, former AUSU president and sitting Congress MLA Anugrah Narayan Singh and Bahujan Samaj Party's Harshvardhan Bajpai, the grandson of former Union minister Rajendra Kumari Bajpai. The battle in Allahabad South seems to a four-sided contest, with cabinet minister Nandgopal Gupta Nandi taking on senior BJP leader and former speaker of Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha Kesarinath Tripathi. The contest assumes challenging dimensions with Allahabad mayor and Congress candidate Jitendra Nath Singh and Vijay Gupta of Lok Manch jumping into the fray. Gupta was the person, who hogged limelight after he protested against the fee hike in the English medium schools.In Allahabad West, it is a three-way contest with jailed mafia don and Apna Dal's candidate Atiq Ahmed taking on former UP cricketer Jyoti Yadav and Puja Pal. While, Yadav is making his debut in the political pitch on a Samajwadi Party ticket, Puja, widow of former BSP MLA Raju Pal is re-contesting on a BSP ticket.Another seat, where the electoral battle is quite interesting is Karchana. Former UP minister Ujjwal Raman Singh is SP's candidate, and is in a direct battle with former deputy mayor and BJP candidate Anamika Chaudhary. Ujjwal is son of Allahabad MP Reoti Raman Singh. Bhagwant Pandey of the Congress is another key player in the constituency. The assembly segment of Pratappur is facing a relatively high-pitch battle, and has the oldest candidate from the district. Octogenarian Shyam Surat Upadhyay of the Congress, who has been contesting since 1969 is the oldest candidate in the district.Handia, considered as a stronghold of former higher education minister Rakeshdhar Tripathi portrays a four-sided contest. After being dumped by the BSP, Rakeshdhar Tripathi is fighting this election as a candidate of the Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party. Liquor baron Mahesh Narayan Singh is SP's candidate from the assembly seat, while former UP home minister Rajendra Tripathi and former SP MLA Ram Milan Yadav are contesting respectively as Congress and BSP candidate. The battle for Koraon(SC-reserved) is dominated by two-time MLA and BSP candidate Rajbali Jaisal. The other contestants in the fray are Tulsiram Rana (BJP), Deepanshu Kol (SP), Kanhaiya Lal Kol (Congress) and Ram Kripal Kol of CPM.The battle to wrest absolute control over Phaphamau, which is the youngest constituency of the district, is also quadrilateral. Shekhar Bahuguna of Congress, who is the brother of UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi is pitched against Guru Prasad Maurya, who is considered as the think tank of BSP. The constituency is also witnessing a war between former SP minister Ansar Ahmed and his son-in-law, Nadeem Ahmed, who is the Apna Dal's candidate.In Phulpur, the poll battle swings mainly between Jokhu Lal Yadav of the BJP and Praveen Patel of BSP, who is also the sitting MLA from Jhusi (which ceases to exist after delimitation). Interestingly, Johku Lal Yadav was SP's lone MLA from Allahabad in 2007 election. In Meja, the fight is between Anand Kumar Pandey alias Collector Pandey of BSP and Girish Chandra Pandey alias Gama Pandey of SP. The BSP candidate is a sitting MLA from Karchana, and is facing Lokayukta enquiry for illegal occupation of gram sabha land. Gama is a close associate of Reoti Raman Singh.Son of former Union home minister and brother of SP MP from Kaushambi, Satyaveer Munna is contesting from Soraon (reserved) assembly constituency. Another reserved assembly seat of Bara has a two-sided contest between Manju Sant of the Congress and a local SP leader Ajay Kumar. Manju was a zila panchayat member of BSP, before she switched her allegiance to the Congress. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879557", "title": "Village to host mother of all yagnams in April", "text": "HYDERABAD: The small village of Yetapaka close to the temple town of Bhadrachalam is set to hold the most expensive Vedic yagnam to be performed in the state. The yagnam, which will take place in the third week of April, is expected to cost a staggering Rs 6 crore.The 12-day yagnam called 'Athirathram' is being conducted to promote universal harmony, peace, prosperity and spiritual enlightenment.The organisers, Samatha Lokseva Samithi, said that the yagnam was being performed to increase the lifespan of mankind and to attract more rains.Lofty claims notwithstanding, there is a big question mark over how the organisers propose to raise the money for the ritual.Over two lakh people are expected to take part in the yagnam, which is to be held between April 21 and May 2. To be exclusively performed by Namboodris of Kerala, the Athirathram yagnam goes back 4,000 years and is the most expensive Vedic yagnam in the world.\"We will soon visit the designated venue to review arrangements for the yagnam,\" Sivakiran Namboodri, part of the 18-member team to conduct the maha yagna, told TOI over the phone.But why is this yagnam such an expensive affair? Organisers said a large part of the money would go towards taking care of the Namboodris' families.Six months prior to the yagnam, priests conduct special poojas and renounce all other worldly activities. The organisers have to provide for the daily needs of 40 Namboodri families.\"We have set apart Rs 1 crore for them and Rs 1.85 crore to procure material for the puja like ghee, oils, sandalwood, special rice, provisions, curds, vegetables, gas, firewood and fuel which have to be specially procured in Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, Rs 1 crore for food for those attending the yagna, Rs 1 crore for the erection of the dais, decorations etc. and another Rs 1 crore for transportation and publicity,\" K Hari Harinatha Sharma, the Samithi's chief functionary, told TOI.Rajasekhara Sharma, one of the key organizers, said they were planning to raise the money among donors and philanthropists. Sources said that the family of the Bhadrachalam temple board chairman, Kuricheti Panduranga Rao, has come forward to support the yagnam, which is to be held on 12 acres of land.\"The yagnam was performed at Panjal in Kerala last year and on the last day of the ritual, it rained there,\" Panduranga Rao claimed.As per Vedic scriptures, the chief priest at the yagnam has to be a 'somayaji' who has to have performed 12 sacred and important Soma yagnams.Priests say that Athirathram is the most important of all yagnams. \"It is considered the ultimate Vedic ritual to stop untimely deaths and increase the lifespan of mankind,\" a priest averred.Sources said that Yetapaka had been selected keeping in mind its alignment with certain geographical and vastu principles.\"The yagnashaala should not only be positioned to imbibe the energy of the sun; it also has to be close to a holy place (Bhadrachalam is 3.4km away) surrounded by dense forests. Yetapaka is the ideal site for this rare yagnam,\" Sharma told TOI.The rituals will daily begin with Vedic chanting and homams.On the last three days, the rituals would be performed without a break. \"in the Ramayana, it is mentioned in the 14th chapter of Bala Kanda that the yagnam will have a lasting effect on the place where it is performed,\" Sharma explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11881518", "title": "His fire theory generated heat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Controversies hounded the Justice U C Banerjee committee ever since its formation in 2004 when UPA stormed to power at the Centre. Constituted by the then Union railway minister Lalu Prasad , the Justice UC Banerjee panel has proved to be a study in contrast to the Nanavati-Shah commission which was already probing the cause of fire in S-6 coach of Sabarmati Express.The setting up of another inquiry into the train inferno, under a retired Supreme Court judge by the UPA-led central government, guaranteed a lengthy legal battle and hot political debates. No sooner the oneman commission was formed than Gujarat government strengthened its fence by widening the scope of Nanavati commission's inquiry.Banerjee findings that the fire was accidental and tabled on the eve of Bihar assembly elections in January 2005 were seen as the other extreme to the state government's terrorist conspiracy theory behind the Godhra carnage. Banerjee committee exonerated the Muslims, ruled out possibility of fire being caused from outside by using inflammable liquid, and concluded that cooking by Ram Sevaks inside the S-6 coach had caused the blaze. This conclusion seemed quite contrary to the scientific evidence, and ultimately it was proved wrong by a trial court last year.Its theory was subsequently made redundant in a verdict by the special SIT court. This verdict effective annulled Banerjee's report. Banerjee's findings that the Indian Railways had failed to conduct statutory inquiries into the affair besides the questionable conclusion have remained useless for UPA so far, as it could neither act on report nor table it in the Parliament. This was because Gujarat high court in October 2006 declared the report \"illegal\" and termed the very establishment of this commission as \"unconstitutional\".Though the content of Banerjee committee report became public as soon as it was submitted to the Railway Board chairman in 2005, the Centre and the railways have not succeeded in making the report public \"officially\" despite repeated requests before the high court as well as Supreme Court. The UPA-led Centre's assurance that it would not take any action on the report has failed to move courts.Seven years later, justice Banerjee report is no more than a bunch of papers and the Centre's plea challenging its invalidation is being contested before a division bench of the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882807", "title": "Jayanagar cop shoots at fleeing chain-snatcher", "text": "BANGALORE: Acting on a tip off, a Jayanagar police team led by inspector SK Umesh shot at and injured a fleeing chain-snatcher near Laxman Rao Park near South End Circle late on Monday night.The injured youth, Vijay Kumar alias Vijay of Kanakapura, was trying to escape after snatching a gold chain from a woman, identified as Anasuya, a resident of Jayanagar around 10pm. Vijay has been shifted to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital and doctors said his condition is stable. DCP (South) Sonia Narang said that inspector Umesh was on patrol when the incident happened.\"Anasuya was walking past Laxman Rao Park when the accused snatched her gold chain. She shouted for help and public called police control room. Alerted on his wireless set, Umesh rushed to the spot and found the miscreant running. When the inspector tried to pin him down, Vijay tried to attack him with a chopper and Umesh opened fire in self-defence. He shot at Vijay's thigh,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878865", "title": "Campaigning ends; stage set for third phase polling", "text": "VARANASI: The conclusion of election campaigning for the third phase of Assembly elections paved the way for strengthening of security arrangements and movement of polling parties to various polling centres and booths in the district on Monday.As per reports from the office of deputy directorate (information), a total of 63 companies of Central paramilitary forces, 5,000 policemen and 5,500 homeguards from other districts, apart from nearly 3,500 policemen in the district would be deployed to ensure free, fair and peaceful elections in as many as eight Assembly constituencies in the district. PAC, UP police and homeguards would be deployed outside the polling centres, the Central paramilitary forces would take charge of the internal areas.There are 1,428 polling centres and 2,555 polling booths in the eight Assembly constituencies in the district. The movement of polling parties would begin at 8am on Tuesday. The polling parties for Ajgara (Reserved) and Shivpur constituencies would move from police line while Varanasi north constituency would witness movement from Sanskritik Sankul (cultural complex). The polling party for Rohaniya constituency would move from Cutting Memorial College, whereas movement of parties from Varanasi south to Cantt would be ensured. The polling party at UP College would move to Pindra and Sevapuri constituencies.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11881446", "title": "Airport staff to go trekking", "text": "HUBLI: The Airport Authority of India (AAI) and Southern region sports control board (SRSCB), Chennai will jointly organize southern region trekking expedition to Dandeli tiger reserve on February 14 and 15, said Ramesh Yadav, regional sports secretary of SRSCB.Speaking to media persons here on Monday, Yadav said that 25 employees and five organizers from various airports of southern region will take part in the trekking expedition. \"We will take the help of forest officers during our journey. Trekking will start from Kumbarwada to Bandoli a 28 km way on the first day,\" he added.In order to handle challenges during the trip, required training has been given to trekkers, he said.Replying to a query, K M Basavaraj, director of Hubli airport said that about 590 acres of land has been acquired for the upgrade of the Hubli airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880848", "title": "'Have enough scams in laptop to give sleepless nights\u2019", "text": "Head of the BJP scam expose committee Kirit Somaiya claims to have unraveled \"100 cases of proven corruption in Mayaraj\" which were later complied in a booklet and released with much aplomb by the saffron party. There are 17 cases in the pile which, if taken up seriously, will actually lead to dozens of netas and bureaucrats ending up in prison, Kirit says. His probe into Babu Singh Kushwaha's bogus companies had caused quite a flutter last month. Kuswhaha's induction into the party soon after did embarrass him for a while, the hit-man from Maharashtra declares candidly, but then \"prompt remedial action by the party bosses has evened out things,\" he says in an interview with Manjari MishraWhy do you think the electorate will vote for BJP this time? Isn't it a party which has been out of power and much discredited in UP?Because it happens to be the only which promises a corruption-free government. Congress stands exposed at the Centre, Mayawati's corruption and Mulayam's bungling coupled with goonda raj has jolted the common man out of his slumber. Moreover, things function much smoother in 10 states governed by the BJP, so they have reasons to prefer us to others.Which is the single largest issue expected to affect the votes this time?Corruption. This malaise has stunted UP's growth. Scams like group housing scheme in Noida which was to offer affordable houses to middle class only ended up filling up the coffers of Maya and the coterie. Now, JP Group has announced withdrawal (second in succession) from the Karchana power plant which was offered to them on a platter with all possible privileges by BSP regime. The ultimate loser is the consumer and the state even as Maya's brother floats a private airlineLook at Bundelkhand. The roads there, I discovered, are made only on papers. Then I also found that urea in the blackmarket, even farmers wait desperately for the consignment. All this will have a rippling effect.But how many among voters will cast votes ruling out the corrupt? Isn't the common man trained by now to shrug off scams and political scandals with a smirk.?I am confident, corruption matters to 30% voters. Internal polls of the BJP showed that while 60% were affected by inflation, at least 30-40% voters thought corruption needed to be rooted out of the polity and clean politics brought in. We have to present it in a manner that people relate to this. For instance, non-availability of urea linked to corruption will make sense to the farmers. So, give them example and don't talk about corruption in an abstract manner.Did Anna factor help here?Oh yes ... a great deal. It has only stoked the anger and frustration of the suffering millions and whetted the hunger for justice and clean administration. And, this is where we hope to gain.How do you evaluate the scene in UP, you have been compiling corruption cases in other states also?I began work on the project in January 2011 and now I have been able to unearth 100 scams . But then these were based on the CAG, CVC or media reports . I claim as many as 17 exclusive cases which have been investigated by agencies and my expert team and the findings were re-confirmed by the government agencies. Sab ek se badh kar ek hain.Any emerging trends that you noticed?Yes. UPites prefer Andhra pattern of swindling. Therefore, you see them floating bogus companies for money laundering and layered action plan. Mayawati's friends and family have set up at least 300 such firms. The scale and brazenness of it all's nothing short of astonishing.How did you feel after Kushwaha was inducted in the party even though you probed his deals and came up with comprehensive evidence to nail him?That moment was a trifle embarrassing, I confess. Kushwaha episode did put the party in a spot for a short while ..but measures were taken promptly within 48 hours of the feedback to the leadership. BJP could have been faulted if we had still insisted on our association with him. On date Kushwaha is not a full-fledged member.So how many scams and scandals are waiting to spring out of Kirit Somaiya's laptop?(laughs.) Enough to give sleepless nights to those who rule UP &amp; Delhi. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11881008", "title": "Ignoring threats, couples go ahead with V Day plans", "text": "BHOPAL: Ignoring the threats by moral police, including Sanskriti Bachao Manch and Bajrang Dal, of action against couples spotted on Valentine's Day, the youngsters from the state capital celebrated the entire week that started with Rose Day on February 7 and ended with Kiss Day on the eve of Valentine's Day with enthusiasm and fervour.Gift shops in the city have been decorated with attractive heart balloons and cushions, decorative pieces objects symbolising romantic love. Jewellers too weren't far to be left out and came up with attractive offers and discounts to woo the discerning lover boy. Florists also had roaring business with advance orders of exotic flowers for the big day in large numbers. Gadgets too were high in demand for the yuppy crowd.But it doesn't stop there this year for the uninitiated. Post Valentine's Day there is The Break Up Day and Break Up Party Day as well.A student from Campion School said, \"This suits us just well as this takes off the pressure of continuing with the fling or the date we had for V Day.\"Another quips tongue-in-cheek, \"I have told the girl I'm taking out for dinner to look at the silver lining. If this works fine by me, if not, we'll have a party again nonetheless.\"While the sale of gifts, flowers and ornaments surged in the city, so did the sale of special greeting cards available at some prominent book shops in New Market.The cards, manufactured by a popular brand are bold and the message inside titillating. The owner of the book shop selling the cards said, \"This is the first time such cards have arrived in the city. I have already sold more than 300 of them. There is still a huge demand.\"Another article whose sales escalated was the emergency contraceptive pills over condoms even though both are over the counter (OTC).Pankaj Shukla (Chief Medical and Health Officer) CMHO claimed to be unaware about it. He said, \"This is an incredible trend. I would have to check with my drug inspectors to get the actual figures.\"Meanwhile, the Sanskrity Bachao manch president Chandrashekhar Tewari said that his team of workers would hold a demonstration at the Chinar Park at the link road number one. He said that if they find couples, they would not be spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11879321", "title": "Valentine's Day: Parks raided to prevent public display of affection", "text": "GUWAHATI: In order to prevent couples from cozying up in city parks, the Kamrup (Metro) district administration on Monday carried out surprise checks in various parks across Guwahati till late evening, ahead of Valentine's Day on Tuesday.Checks were carried out at Prashanti Udyan on the banks of Dighalipukhuri, Sati Radhika Park in Uzanbazar and Shankardev Udyan in Bharalumukh. Couples displaying affection in public were warned off. The district administration will deploy additional security personnel at the parks and also on the Umananda temple premises and Geeta Mandir in the city on Valentine's Day to prevent public display of affection.\"Public opinion has grown against indecent behaviour of couples in city parks. We have carried out surprise checks at Shraddhanjali Kanan, Sati Radhika Park and other parks where such things are common,\" said Mrinal Gogoi, additional deputy commissioner, Kamrup (Metro). He added that a woman police officer is accompanying the lady magistrate during the surprise checks in the parks.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11880094", "title": "No immediate relief for Zutshi in Jal Mahal case", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court, instead of granting any relief to two senior officials - Vinod Zutshi and Hridayesh Kumar-in the Jal Mahal case, directed them to approach the high court under criminal jurisdiction instead of availing remedy under writ jurisdiction.This means that the officials will have to wait till the final verdict of court on their prayer to quash proceedings initiated against them. Justice Ajay Rastogi passed the order on a writ petition filed by Vinod Zutshi and Hridayesh Kumar.It was argued by counsel Swadeep Singh Hora for accused persons that they are reputed officials and one of them is serving as a senior official of the Election Commission of India and no case is made out against them.\"The court was satisfied with the fact that a writ petition filed by officials is maintainable but in the name of maintaining the judicial propriety, the registry of high court has been directed to convert the writ petition into a criminal miscellaneous petition and the matter be accordingly placed before the court,\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880749", "title": "118 crorepatis' fate at stake", "text": "LUCKNOW: Out of 248 candidates put up by major political parties in the fifth phase of election, 76, i.e, 31% have criminal cases pending against them. A total of 118 (47%) candidates are crorepatis. These statistics have been released by the National Election Watch after analysing the affidavits of the candidates.The fifth phase polling will be on February 23 for 49 constituencies covering 13 districts. The Samajwadi Party has fielded 48 candidates in this phase, of whom 24 (50 %) have criminal records. Congress has fielded 14 (29 %), BJP 13 (28 %) and BSP 12 (24 %).As many as 35 candidates have been booked for serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, robbery and extortion. While SP has fielded 12 candidates with serious charges, Congress has eight, and BJP and BSP five each. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879303", "title": "Illegal interception of police radio rampant", "text": "KOCHI: The rampant use of wireless equipment by unauthorized persons in the state has resulted in leakage of police communication between control rooms, in the last few months. The police have taken the issue seriously with the Union home ministry, as this illegal interception is taking place from fishing boats that operate off the Kerala coast.\"Most of the Chinese-made FM radio sets available in the market have FM bandwidth from 70 MHz to 200 MHz. These sets can be used to tune into the police bandwidth - 76 MHz to 86 MHz. We have raised this issue at a police conference held in New Delhi recently,\" said police telecommunication wing superintendent V B Sukeshan. \"Though the radios cannot be used for communication, they can over hear it,\" Sukeshan added.Normally, the private organizations are given licences to operate between 87.5 MHz and 108.0 MHz. \"Any attempt to enter the frequency used by the police is an offence under the Indian Wireless Telegraphy Act,\" Sukeshan said.Recently the police have seized a boat off Beypore coast for using wireless system without a valid licence. \"If anyone wants to operate wireless equipment, he or she should get a licence from the Union government.The companies dealing in wireless equipment, issue it to individuals only if he or she has a valid licence,\" he added.A senior executive of a major wireless equipment company said that they sell only to those who have valid licences.However, a senior marine enforcement official confirmed that many fishing boats, when they go out to sea use wireless systems, which were sourced illegally.Chinese-made radios can be tuned to receive police bandwidth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880625", "title": "UP polls: Punia sure of Cong win in 45 SC seats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP P L Punia dismissed talks of being an \"outsider\" in Uttar Pradesh, saying he had spent 45 years in the state and was known in its all corners for his pro-people work as an IAS officer.Punia's assertion about his domicile came in the wake of Union minister and in-house detractor Beni Prasad Verma calling him an \"outsider\". Punia is from Haryana but moved base to the state four decades ago. \"People in UP know me. I even got married here, my only daughter was married there. I have houses in Lucknow and Barabanki. I contested 2007 assembly polls from Barabanki, lost narrowly, and then won Lok Sabha polls by over 1.5 lakh votes,\" he said, presenting his credentials as a son-of-the-soil.Verma created a flutter by saying that \"Punia was an outsider and had come from Punjab\". The statement just before the first phase of election exposed the infighting in Congress.The chairman of National Commission for SCs seems to have attracted Verma's wrath because of his attempt to stand his own during ticket distribution. The steel minister managed to sway the nominations in many constituencies, while Punia apparently failed.But Punia has his standing as a key anti-Mayawati face in Congress, having served her as principal secretary thrice besides being a dalit himself, a fact that has riled many within.Asserting his USP, Punia said Congress would win 40-45 of 85 reserved seats, claiming that disenchanted SCs would desert BSP in this election. \"Dalits have decided to shed the tag of being BSP's bonded labour. They kept waiting for development and welfare for five years under Mayawati, but only got increased atrocities with government protection and corruption,\" he told reporters.Punia, along with party MP Ashok Tanwar, are in-charge of Mission 85, a campaign plan for the reserved seats. The bureaucrat-turned-politician asserted that the EC decision to drape statues and elephants would not impact the dalit mood against BSP. \"Ambedkar did not have elephant as symbol, nor was he enamoured of riding one. Elephant is not related to dalit pride,\" he said.He said Mayawati had heaped the biggest insult on dalit pride by replacing Ambedkar statue to install her own in Lucknow. \"That day BSP brought down its tally below 100 seats,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881702", "title": "Stylish New XYLO launched in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Mahindra &amp; Mahindra Limited, India's leading SUV manufacturer, on Monday launched the Stylish New XYLO in the state capital. The new avatar of Mahindra's hugely successful XYLO sports 50 new changes and features, including five variants powered by three distinct engine options, including powerful 120 BHP mHawk engine.As per a press release issued here, the Stylish New XYLO boasts of a pioneering Voice Command Technology for vehicle commands enabling the customers to control over 30 feature-actions in their new XYLO merely by talking to it, all of which will make for a hugely convenient and fun customer experience.Speaking at the launch of the XYLO, chief executive, automotive division, Mahindra and Mahindra Limited, Pravin Sah said that the Stylish New XYLO further enhances value to the customers by being more stylish, premium, tech packed and comfortable. \"I am sure that the Stylish New XYLO would heighten its appeal not only amongst its core customers, but also amongst the people looking at options,\" he said and added that the best in class features combined with the attractive price of the new XYLO will make it a truly irresistible value proposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11880725", "title": "GenNext prefers books to V-Day fest", "text": "MANGALORE: GenNext is seemingly preoccupied with their academics and has no time for love talk even as one more Valentine's Day hits this coastal city. Their penchant for books over red flowers and other gifts could also be underscored by the fact that the Dakshina Kannada district in general and the coastal city in particular have courted trouble in the recent past over the day, which moral police views as a decadent western culture.Meghana Shenoy, student of Canara Engineering College, was candid in stating that it would be a normal day like any other. \"I will go to college and head back home after classes. The only celebration with close friends will be that Tuesday also happens to be my birthday.''\"I am not interested in celebrating Valentine's Day and my friends too are of the same opinion. Even if we think of holding a party on Valentine's Day, our college management will not permit us to hold it on the campus,\" said Mrinalini Rao, student, National Institute of Technology Karnataka.With moral brigade leaders already submitting a memorandum to city police chief Seemanth Kumar Singh seeking a ban on any overt V-Day celebrations, the DK district superintendent of police told TOI that there would be a general alert in all police stations under Puttur sub-division. \"We do not have a history of trouble on Valentine's Day,\" he said, adding the police would still keep a watch on stationery shops and other places which youngsters visit.Vidya Dinker, coordinator of Citizens' Forum for Mangalore Development, said, \"Every day should be Valentine's Day so love for each other can be expressed daily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11881227", "title": "Second phase of polls peaceful in rebel-hit districts", "text": "KORAPUT: Under a thick security blanket, the second phase of the three-tier panchayat poll involving as many as 15 zilla parishad seats passed off peacefully in Maoist-hit Malkangiri, Rayagada and Koraput districts of southern Odisha on Monday.In the wake of Maoist call for boycotting the poll, elaborate security arrangements were made in these parts with the deployment of BSF, CRPF, OSAP, IRB and Odisha police security personnel to thwart any possible Naxal attack.\"No violence was reported during the poll process. People fearlessly expressed their franchise. However, we can't be complacent as three more phases of the poll are yet to be conducted. Police is on high alert,\" said DIG Saumeyendra Priyadarsi.Election was held for three zilla parishad seats in Malkangiri, five in Rayagada and seven in Koraput on Monday. In Koraput as many as 281 voters of Kotrambo village under Chanaboda panchayat of Dasmantpur block boycotted the election in protest against non-availability of basic services like healthcare facilities, education, safe drinking water and all-weather road in their village, among others. \"Voting concluded peacefully across the district, barring Kotrambo where voters did not turn up to vote,\" said Koraput ADM Pabitra Mandal.Sources said in Rayagada's Marthaguda village under Gunupur block, over 30 voters could not express their franchise in spite of having voter identity cards, as their names did not figure in the voters list supplied to polling officials.Officials in Malkangiri said no untoward incident was reported during the poll process and voting was conducted peacefully in the district. Sources said voting for the third phase of the rural poll, scheduled to be held on Wednesday, is very crucial for the district as election will be held in some of the most Maoist dominated areas like Poplur and Kurmanur.\"Elaborate security arrangements have been made for Wednesday's poll. Two helicopters will be pressed into service for the safe movement of officials and security men to the polling booths,\" said Malkangiri sub-collector Loknath Mandia.Meanwhile, fresh Maoist posters appeared in Narayanpatna of Koraput district on Monday. Apart from issuing warning to liquor traders of the area through the posters, the Maoists have also demanded the closure of BSF camps in Narayanpatna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11870861", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha in dilemma?", "text": "As we all know that loyalty plays a very important role in the film industry.The upcoming actors, especially have to tread their career path very carefully so that they don't irk those who owe their career to.Apparently, Sonakshi Sinha is a bit in quandary these days. The reason being that Sanjay Leela Bhansali is keen on having her and Shah Rukh Khan in the lead in a romantic film he is planning, but Sonakshi, who is obviously excited with the offer, is in a fix. Bhansali may not have given big hits in the recent past, but having his name in the bio-data definitely helps.But the problem is that neither Bhansali nor Shah Rukh are on good terms with Salman Khan - Sonakshi's mentor who she owes her film career with her debut Dabangg being the biggest hit of 2010. So far, Sonakshi is considered to be in the A-league and her career is supposedly heading in the right direction as she is currently doing films with most of the biggies in the industry. And a Bhansali film, that too with SRK could lift her career further. So let's wait and watch how Sonakshi will sort out this one...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "the city's open spaces have steadily shrunk in the past few years. if you had doubts about casting your vote, there is one reason why you probably should", "code": "11880310", "title": "Playgrounds shrinking fast", "text": "The city's open spaces have steadily shrunk in the past few years. If you had doubts about casting your vote, there is one reason why you probably should: your children may not be able to play out in the open like you did.In the last five years, the BMC spent Rs 1,168 crore to maintain gardens, open spaces, parks and playgrounds. This year, the budget allocated was Rs 138 crore. However, experts feel that apart from beautification, the BMC needs to first take possession of open spaces. \"A lot of open spaces have been encroached upon or used for other purposes. These need first to be acquired and protected,\" said Nayana Kathpalia, co-convenor of NGO CitiSpace.Despite allocating funds for open spaces, Mumbai fares abysmally compared to cities in India and the rest of the world. London reportedly has a per capita open space of 50 sq m and Delhi has about 14-15 sq m, while Mumbai ahs less than two sq metres.Indrani Malkani, trustee of V Citizens Action Network (VCAN) said the civic body has a lot to improve in its functioning. \"There has been improvement in some areas but a lot needs to be done. For instance, Hanging Gardens and Kamla Nehru Park were being maintained well. But over the last few years, the BMC has slipped and is not up to the mark,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11879720", "title": "Maoist problems delaying L'daga-Tori project: SER GM", "text": "LOHARDAGA: South Eastern Railway (SER) general manager A K Verma on Monday said Maoist problem is the main reason behind delay in project implementation. He was here to inspect the station.\"The railway is eager to accelerate this important project, but extremists have hampered its progress. We do have deadlines, but these often change owing to extremists' interference at the construction sites. We have no option since extremism is beyond our control but we are trying our level best to hurry up on the project as this new rail line section will connect to Kotsila and open various ways to connect Delhi and several other major cities saving over four hours,\" said the GM.Ending all speculations followed by the public demands and announcements by CM Arjun Munda and local politicians on shifting of the bauxite dumping yard of Hindalco Industries Ltd , Verma gave clear indications that the yard will not be shifted. \"We have already made one shift of the dumping yard from the railway station. If the environment department takes any decision on part of shifting it again, only then we will think of it. During my inspection, I have ordered plantation and other possible measures to be followed at the bauxite dumping yard site,\" he said.He ordered the officials to make an additional station on the route between Lohardaga to Tangarbasli by August. This station will help reduce running of timings of Lohardaga-Ranchi passenger train that is often delayed as Tangarbasli is the nearest station on the 40 km route after Lohardaga. Rests are only halts which lack double line to let other passenger or goods train cross.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11879959", "title": "Koyilandy all set to fight diabetes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Concerned over the rising diabetic patients in the municipal limits, the Koyilandy civic body is planning to impart lifestyle training classes and open health clubs for residents under the various wards. In a recent survey conducted across 44 wards, it was found that there are over 2,977 diabetic patients in the locality. \"Diabetic patients are not given proper care by the society. Many families are finding it hard to manage the huge expense on medicines and insulin,\" said K Shantha, municipal chairperson.The civic body has already registered a 'diabetic foundation' under the society to coordinate diabetic care activities. Apart from lifestyle modification programmes and health clubs, the local body is planning to introduce diabetes detection camps in all wards. The camps will be organized with the help of doctors of Koyilandy Taluk Hospital.The Municipal authorities have also decided to submit a proposal to the state and central government demanding financial aid for the implementation of free medical care facility for the diabetic patients. It has earmarked Rs 5 lakh as initial fund for the diabetic foundation. Free medication and checkup including, insulin injections will be arranged at the diabetic clinic , which will be opened at the Taluk hospital, said K Shantha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11878643", "title": "15-yr-old battling for life after eating poisonous chana", "text": "GONDIA: A 15-year-old student of Adiwasi hostel of Gondia is battling his life at a private nursing home after eating poisonous 'chana' at the hostel on February 9. Making the case murkier, the hostel authorities admitted him to a private nursing home instead of informing the police or his parents.A Std IX student of municipal high school Ganesh Ambade of Koyalari village in Sadak Arjuni tehsil, was staying at Dr Ambedkar backward students government hostel. According to his colleagues, Ambade had returned from home on February 9 night and had eaten some green chana in the hostel. Later the students noticed him frothing while sleeping. They informed caretaker Mohabanshi who alerted officiating warden WG Warkade. The students were asked to keep mum about the whole matter by the warden and caretaker.But the news was leaked on Sunday by the students. Ambade parents came to the hostel the next day but were turned away by the authorities saying if the news leaked out, it could become a police case.Both the warden and the care taker were tight-lipped on the matter. The students however told TOI that since Ambade was fine when he came from home, it must be the chana which caused the poisoning. Hospital sources nevertheless have confirmed poisoning.Sources said that the hostel has always been criticized for bad food, water and inadequate facilities of toilet and drainage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11881520", "title": "Estate officer locks office, Kumar seals it", "text": "GURGAON: The fight between the Estate Officer II and HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar is getting uglier with each passing day. On Monday, Estate Officer II Mukesh Solanki, on returning from leave, locked his Sector 56 office, forcing Kumar to form a six-member committee and order sealing of the office immediately.In a letter to police, Solanki has stated that he had locked his office because he fears several important files can be stolen or damaged. He had gone on leave after Kumar found out that he misrepresented facts regarding the Sector 29 market parking in the high court. On Monday, Solanki was called to meet the administrator but he did not go.\"Ideally, Solanki should have informed the administrator after joining back instead of locking his office as if it's his property,\" said a senior HUDA official who had gone to seal the Sector 56 office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878707", "title": "Ganga remains sidelined in poll rallies", "text": "VARANASI: The election campaign for the third phase of UP assembly election ended on Monday in Varanasi and other districts of this region going to poll on February 15. The issues and promises included in the election manifestos of various political parties were extensively highlighted in poll meetings and rallies, but what was missing or least highlighted was the issue of the Ganga, the lifeline of Indian civilisation.On June 14, 1986, then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi had made a promise of clean Ganga to the country by launching the ambitious Ganga Action Plan (GAP) for the nation from Rajendra Prasad Ghat in Varanasi. On February 6, 2012, about 26 and a half years after the launch of the GAP by his father, Rahul Gandhi spared some moments from his tight schedule to see the place from where his father had made the commitment.Though political parties like the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party have included the Ganga in their election manifestos for the assembly elections, people are skeptical about their seriousness. Besides, the issue of the Ganga remained limited in the election manifesto only and it did not find proper place in election rallies.\"How and for whom they (political parties) would do politics when the lives of crores of people living in the basin of the Ganga are at stake,\" wondered BD Tripathi, noted environmentalist of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA).\"We have to see that the Ganga does not remain just a symbol but it should be such a symbol that will become a part of our everyday life and become a part of the future of India and make India strong. Today, we are beginning the programme to clean the Ganga,\" former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi had said while launching the ambitious Ganga Action Plan (GAP) for the nation at Rajendra Prasad Ghat of Varanasi on June 14, 1986.On February 6, 2012, about 26 and a half year after the launch of the GAP by his father, Rahul Gandhi spared some moments from his tight schedule of poll campaign to see the place from where his father had made a promise to the nation. The Gandhi scion also mentioned the Ganga and the civic condition of this holy city in his election meeting speech at Benia Bagh on February on February 11.Unfortunately, during this period Ganga with each passing day became dirtier and more polluted not only in Varanasi but other places too. Though the political parties like Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party have included Ganga in their election manifestos for the assembly election, they are not really serious about its plight. The issue of Ganga remained limited in the election manifesto only, it did not find proper importance in election rallies.\"The political parties should not only think seriously about the Ganga, which is the life line of about 45 crore people in its basin, but also give it top priority,\" said Tripathi. He, however, gives credit to late Indira Gandhi for taking the issue of the Ganga to nation level. \"For the first time Indira Gandhi, who visited BHU to attend a function in 1981, realised the seriousness of issue and said that the pollution in the Ganga should be stopped,\" he said. \"She had written letters to the chief ministers of UP, Bihar and West Bengal in this regard,\" he added.In later course, Rajiv Gandhi launched the GAP in 1986 and later Prime Minister Manmohan Singh declared the Ganga as the National River and constituted a National Ganga River Basin Authority in 2009. The NGRBA has been set up as an empowered authority headed by the PM to ensure effective abatement of pollution and conservation of the Ganga by adopting a holistic approach with the river basin as the unit of planning. Schemes worth about Rs 2589 crore have been sanctioned under NGRBA so far.But, as Tripathi thinks it is not sufficient and satisfactory approach for the river conservation. According to him, only pollution is not the problem, but there is also a big question -what the government is doing for the ecological flow of the river. The investments of crores of rupees would be worthless if the river dies for want of water. Magsaysay awardee and water activist Rajendra Singh popularly known as Waterman advocates for a national policy for rivers to restore the status of the Ganga and other rivers. Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the disciple of the Shankaracharya Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati, who spearheaded the Save Ganga Movement, is also worried about the deteriorating condition of the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881468", "title": "Goa polls: 11pm deadline for bars till Feb 29", "text": "PANAJI: The election commission (EC) on Monday permitted bars to remain open up to 11pm till February 29.\"EC has informed the office of the chief electoral officer, Panaji, about the same. Election officials in Goa have forwarded the permission to the collectorate,\" sources said.EC had earlier directed bars to shut at 10pm from February 17, a move that drew protests from the tourism industry.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881771", "title": "Nitish: Will power, not age, a problem for Manmohan", "text": "PATNA: In politics age is not an issue, said Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday. To a query about the age of PM Manmohan Singh raked up by a Union minister, the CM said, \"Manmohan Singh's age is no problem, his will power is.\"In a lighter vein, he said, \"Singh seems to be fine despite his age.\"Union minister Beni Prasad Verma in one of his election speeches said Singh was now 80 and space should be made for young people to come in. Verma's comments came in an obvious reference to AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi .Nitish, through his comment, indicated that although PM Manmohan Singh was physically fit, he lacked will power to take initiatives.The CM said he would be meeting Union minister rural development Jairam Ramesh on Tuesday and suggest to him to cut down the number of centrally sponsored schemes and the states be allowed to formulate their own schemes as per their requirements. He said the schemes be formed as per the local requirements and, in some cases, the schemes imposed by the Centre were not suitable for certain regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11881995", "title": "Putting in labour of love for Valentine's Day", "text": "LUDHIANA: With plans to draw plenty of lovers for Valentine's Day celebration, city's restaurants and hotels are busy gearing up to make couples feel the romance with deals and specials.From DJs night, dancing to buffet dinners and interesting games, they seem to have planned it all to make it a memorable experience for their customers. On Monday, hotels and restaurants were witnessed stocking up their pantries and beefing up their kitchen crews to prepare for one of their busiest nights of the year - Valentine's Day.Saital Sen Gupta, general manager of Sarovar Portico Hotel near railway station, said, \"Nothing spells romance better than a lavish spread of food accompanied by perfect ambiance. On Valentine's Day, only couple entry will be allowed at our hotel. Our special buffet dinner includes drinks and starters accompanied with chocolates and roses for the lady. We have also organized interesting couple games. A bumper prize will be announced along with other prizes.''The Chocolate Box Restaurant at MBD Mall at Ferozepur Road have special Belgium chocolates to offer its customers for V-day. Chef Sovan Dass said, \"To celebrate the festival of love, we have prepared a rose-shaped cake which is four feet tall! French pastries will be served to the guests with chocolates, champagne , cheese and wine. Entry will be open for couples only.'Gigabite Restaurant at MBD Mall plans to serve its customers a heart-shaped cake in strawberry flavour. Rakesh Rawat, general manager of the mall, said, \"Our special buffet will be served with complimentary wine or mocktail to customers.''Geoffrey Restaurant on Ferozepur Road will play live DJ on the occasion for its customers. F&B; manager of the restaurant, Naveen Uniyal said, \"We have planned a special and romantic decor for our customers. The highlight of our menu will be a variety of special chocolate deserts.''Park Plaza Hotel at Bhai Bala Chow has planned a theme based menu for the day. F&B; manager of the mall said, \"Our themes range from Indian to oriental. Complimentary chocolate dip fruits will be served along with a bottle of wine. Add to that a Colombian band has been roped in to entertain couples.''Hotel A on Ferozepur Road also has big plans for V-day. Executive director Javed Grewal, said, \"Free flavoured shots and other liquor buffet packages are on the offer for couples. Dancing and J will entertain couples. Our menu will have special tawa dished for Mughlai food enthusiasts.''Hotel Keys on Pakhowal Road is offering heart-shaped chocolate cakes and red balloons to its customers on the day of love. F&B; manager of the hotel, Randeep Grewal said, \"Our guests will be welcomed with rose buds to start with. We have also dished out an exclusive buffet menu for the occasion. A band from Philippines has been especially called in to enthral couples with their electrifying music.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879426", "title": "Army rewards Sukna 'accused'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lt-General Ramesh Halgali, who one of the four generals originally indicted in the Sukna land scam case but later emerged as somewhat of a \"whistle-blower'' in the sordid episode, took over as the new Army deputy chief (information systems and training) on Monday.Lt-Gen Halgali, who was commissioned into the Sikh Light Infantry in December 1972, was initially punished with \"an administrative censure'' after the court of inquiry into the Sukna case. But \"adverse remarks'' against him were later \"expunged'', and he was rehabilitated by first being posted as the 11 Corps commander in Punjab and then as the director-general of military training at Army HQ.Two other senior Lt-Gens, Avadhesh Prakash and P K Rath, however, were court-martialled for being part of the conspiracy to aid transfer of the 71-acre Chumta tea estate adjacent to the military station in Darjeeling district to a real estate developer, on the pretext of opening an educational institute affiliated to the Ajmer-based Mayo College, in complete disregard of all security and other norms.While Rath was punished with two years' loss of seniority, 15 years' loss of service for pension and a severe reprimand, the court-martial against Prakash (who was military secretary to the then Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor) recommended his dismissal from service. The fourth general, Major-Gen P C Sen, faced only administrative action for failing to do proper \"staff work'' in the chain of command and has since retired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879154", "title": "HC upholds Vayalar pension verdict", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Monday dismissed an appeal filed by the deputy secretary of ministry of home affairs against an earlier order that fined and held the official in contempt for non-implementation of a court directive to give Swatantra Sainik Samman pension to a 90-year-old who participated in the Punnapra-Vayalar uprising of 1946.The contempt appeal was filed by D K Goel, deputy secretary of ministry of home affairs (freedom fighters division) after he was fined Rs 15,000 and held in contempt by a single judge of the high court through a judgment on November 9 last year.The court imposed the fine on the deputy secretary after noticing that a 90-year-old freedom fighter, C K Sukumaran from Ollur near Chirayinkeezhu in Thiruvananthapuram, was made to run from pillar to post for three years by the officials of the home affairs ministry.The official was directed to pay the fine to the petitioner within a month.In addition to the fine, the court had condemned the \"lethargic and callous\" attitude of the ministry and had observed that the \"90-year-old freedom fighter was made to run to different places for three years at the fag end of his life to see the light of judgment.\"Dismissing the contempt appeal seeking removal of the remarks made by the single judge, a division bench of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice P R Ramachandra Menon held, \"Having regard to all the concessions shown by the single judge, we are of the opinion that nothing remains for us to interfere.\"The official had filed a petition to condone the delay in filing appeal in addition to the appeal. After considering the petitions, the court dismissed both, observing that the single judge had given the official a choice to transfer the fine to whichever official was responsible for the delay caused in implementing the court order on the freedom fighter's pension.The contempt appeal was filed by D K Goel, deputy secretary of ministry of home affairs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880134", "title": "Govt mulls using Metro smart card for buses too", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi government is looking into using the Delhi Metro smart-card as a common transport card for metro, DTC and cluster buses.In a meeting held last week, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) was asked to look into the feasibility of merging the Delhi Metro smart-card with the cluster and DTC bus system, so that a single card can be used on all modes of public transport. Incidentally, the same suggestion had been mooted during the Commonwealth Games but couldn't take off due to differences over revenue sharing between the DMRC and the Delhi government.A senior government official said, \"Since the automated fare collection system is already successfully operational in Delhi Metro, replicating it on the cluster and DTC bus system would be simple. DIMTS has been asked to provide the necessary information so that the database can be updated with the Delhi Metro's backend operations.\"Sources said, the Delhi Metro smart-card will initially be used in cluster buses, and later in DTC buses as well. DIMTS, which manages the database for both cluster and DTC buses, including GPS information, will provide the required data to Delhi Metro, which will manage the operational aspects of the smart card. DIMTS will also make the necessary changes at the ETM (electronic ticketing machine) level as well as the back-office level to enable use of the DMRC smart card on the bus ETMs.The official said, \"Initially, all add value (or top up) in smart cards will be done at DMRC stations. Later, the service will be extended to designated places decided by the transport department, DTC or DIMTS.\" The sharing of the card procurement cost between the transport department or DTC and DMRC is yet to be decided, said officials.Delhi Metro, however, has been asked to inform the transport department about the operation and maintenance costs as well as the cost of the modification required for integration with the DIMTS backend system.The plan comes close on the heels of the Delhi government last month asking UTI, the agency in charge of the urban development ministry's common mobility card project, to also do a feasibility report on a common transport card for Delhi. DIMTS had earlier been put in charge of the automated fare collection system project but has been unable to implement the project so far. Neither has the Delhi government been able to implement the ETM project for some time now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881620", "title": "Valentine's Day: Reach out to underprivileged children to spread cheer on the event", "text": "MUMBAI: Valentine's Day is here, and here's how you can put a smile on thousands of faces.The Gift A Smile initiative by The Art of Living gives one the opportunity to reach out to underprivileged children from across the country and provide them with quality education.Similarly, the Make Your Mother Smile campaign, which is a part of the What Can I Give initiative, is another option to look at. Started by former President A P J Abdul Kalam for the youth of the country, the message is simple . \"He (Kalam) believes that when a mother smiles, the family smiles. And when the family smiles, the whole nation is happy. We have already received half a million applications from people across India ,\" said Srijan Singh, a member of the organizing team.Members of Akshaya Patra India will serve food to underprivileged children on VDay . The organization already provides food to thousands of kids on a daily basis and invites others to join it in its endeavour . One can easily donate one or more meals for children through Akshaya Patra.Valentine's Day", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881024", "title": "Four arrested for running brothel", "text": "CHENNAI: Four persons including a woman a woman were arrested on Sunday for running a brothel under the guise of a beauty parlour in Tirumangalam near Anna Nagar. City police commissioner J K Tripathy ordered a crackdown on brothels being run in the name of massage centres and beauty parlours in Anna Nagar and surrounding areas.On Saturday, police received a complaint from Sivakumar of Saidapet that prostitution was happening in a beauty parlour by name 'Rings Family Saloon' situated on 13th Main Road, Nehru Nagar, Tirumangalam.A police team raided the shop and arrested Triveni, 40, a resident of 4th Avenue, Chinmaya Nagar, Virugambakkam. Three men Karthikeyan, Kumar, Anand were also arrested. Police rescued three girls and sent them to a special home in Mylapore. The centre used to charge Rs 1,500 per hour for massage and then lure the clients to have sex with the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878220", "title": "Red roses in short supply this Valentine's", "text": "VARANASI: It will be difficult to gift a red rose this Valentine's Day. The low production of red roses in the region and the whole of northern India has caused an acute shortage of red roses in the city.According to Govind Kumar Verma, a flourist and supplier of decorative flowers in Luxa, the long lasting winters have played a major role in this.\"Roses need hot and humid climate to grow. However, this year the horticulturists have faced tremendous difficulty in growing the flower. A plant that should give nearly three-four flowers a day has produced only one-two flowers. On the other a hand, it was difficult to take out even 100 red roses from a field that has a capacity of producing approximately 800 flowers a day,\" informed Verma.Notably, a large quantity of flowers in the city is brought from adjoining villages specially Raja Talab, Lohta, Sundarpur, Shivpur, Babatpur and neighbouring districts like Allahabad and Lucknow. The occasional demand like for Valentine's Day is being met by ordering flowers from Pune, Bangalore, Delhi and Kolkata. But if the flourists of the city are to be believed, the climate has affected rose production in all these areas.However there is a huge demand for roses in the town but buyers, especially youngsters, are not ready to give a second thought while purchasing roses for their dear ones. \"Valentine's Day is incomplete without the roses. Nothing can best replace the value of a rose. Even a single stick of rose is valuable for people who enjoy this manmade festival,\" shared Nikita , a student of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and a buyer at a gift shop in Sigra.\"The very first thing that comes in mind while choosing gifts for people you would want to wish Valentine's Day is a red rose. It is costly at this time but no one minds shelling out extra bucks,\" shared Arun, another buyer for Valentine's gifts.A local rose stick that earlier cost Rs 10 is now selling at Rs 20 and Rs 30 with decorations, while the imported red roses which usually are available at Rs 30 per stick are selling for Rs 45-50 and Rs 60 (with decorations) per stick. \"The prices of bouquets with roses have also increased, and customers are told about the increased prices of the red roses before decorating a bouquet. Some customers are choosing to cut short the number of roses for that matter,\" informed Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880050", "title": "US diplomats walk to drive away poverty", "text": "MUMBAI: A team of four American diplomats from the US consulate in Mumbai grabbed the 12th position in a 100km walkathon event that started on Friday from Bangalore and concluded in Bidadi.There were 74 teams participating in the walkathon, a global event organized by Oxfam , an NGO, working towards raising funds for those living in poverty.Led by US consul-general Peter Haas, the team completed the event in 31 hours and 19 minutes. The team contributed nearly Rs 25 lakh raised from family and friends to Oxfam. The experience say team members was \"incredible\".Starting from the Cauvery Sangamma at 7am on Friday morning, the team members trekked through rugged and beautiful villages. \"Very few foreigners get a chance to see this part of the country. In villages, along the way, we were greeted by schoolchildren cheering us on, boy scouts saluting us, and farmers waving at us in support,'' said consular officer Roland Minez.According to consular officer Dan Gedacht, \"Though all of us are fit, and I have participated in 42-km marathon, the thought of walking 100 km can be quite daunting. \"At first we thought it was funny and that the organizers were teasing us till we saw a sign every km saying 99 km to go...75 km to go... To keep our sanity and make the walk enjoyable, we would focus on reaching the rest stop, which after every 10 km,\" said Gedacht.After completing 50km, the team was stuck in the dark countryside. At another point, a team member got blisters in the feet, forcing them to walk slowly.US consul-general Peter Haas said, \"We were tired, we were sore, and we wanted to rest, but we also believed we were doing this for more than just ourselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11878665", "title": "Quack arrested while aborting a maiden", "text": "GONDIA: In a joint operation, the special squad of Gondia Police and Amgaon police nabbed a quack red-handed while he was aborting a maiden in a field near Banjaritola village in Amgaon on Saturday.The special squad under PSI Ulhas Kadam was tracking Vyankat Gautam's (42) every move after being tipped off that he was involved in illegal abortion of maidens as well as married women with unwanted pregnancy. At 10.30pm on Saturday he was seen heading towards an isolated field along with a woman and a few youths. After reaching there Gautam gave the woman three tablets of AP Fort and asked her to lie down on a bed sheet in the open field. He was nabbed just before he was giving her some injection. However, the three youths fled, taking advantage of the darkness. All medicines and kit required for abortions were confiscated.An offence was registered against Gautam, the woman and the three youths. The 20-year-old woman was sent to the government hospital for further treatment.The three youths Vyankatrai Rai (20), Irfan Khan Pathan (22) and Shivkumar Ganvir (20) - all residents of Risama (Amgaon) - were also arrested on Sunday. They were presented before the Amgaon magistrate who sent them to police custody remand till Tuesday. PI Prasad Pandey of Amgaon is investigating the case.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11879269", "title": "Chit-fund scam mastermind remanded for two more days", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CJM court on Monday extended the remand for Pranab Jyoti Barman, the main accused in the multi-crore-rupee Unipay2U scam, by another two days and sent him into the custody of the Bureau of Investigation Economic Offences (BIEO).Barman, accused of masterminding the Rs 1500 crore Unipay2U scam, was believed to be in Malaysia when he was arrested by the Assam police earlier this month. On February 4, he was sent to BIEO custody for 10 days.Though Barman managed to obtain an anticipatory bail from the Supreme Court in a CID case against him and reached the city on February 3, he was unaware of the BIEO case against him. He was arrested when the officials found that the bail he obtained was only related to the CID case.\"Our interrogation is on and we are sure that we will get more information from him. We sought four days of remand but the court has granted us only two days. We may ask for more time if needed,\" said a senior official of BIEO. Barman refused to comment when he was asked about the money laundering charges he is facing. \"The court will look into it,\" he said when he was arrested.On Saturday, BIEO raided Barman's locker in a city-based bank and seized Rs 27 lakh.\"Our team has raided the house of another lead in the case on Sunday and found some documents relating to the Unipay2U scam. He is also facing interrogation,\" added the official. On Sunday, BIEO officials raided the house of one security personal, Srimanta Das, of Basista area here in the case.Pranab had started Unipay2u, which claimed to be a Malaysia-based chit fund company, in the Northeast in April 2009. He collected crores of rupees from people through his agents with the promise of a 20 per cent return on investments for 10 months. Till September 2010, he paid returns as promised, but he then started defaulting and many investors filed complaints with the police.As the matter snowballed, the government handed over the investigation of the case to the BIEO. The latter cross-examined Barman and some of his agents and registered a case against them in November 2010. A preliminary probe by the BIEO revealed that the Unipay2U was collecting deposits from the public without the RBI's mandatory approval.\"He has cheated crores of rupees from us and invested his money to many businesses in the state. We want justice from court,\" said a duped investor. The investor also alleged that BIEO officials are bargaining with Barman to secure his release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11881942", "title": "A V-day cake to impress her", "text": "LUDHIANA: With Valentine's Day here, people are rushing to markets to buy gifts, candies and order cakes for their loved ones. And cashing in on the festival of love, bakeries too have geared up for the day of love as they are busy dishing out many varieties of cakes. Right from heart shaped Valentine's cake to chocolate lip shaped cakes, bakeries in city have a huge variety to offer for different tastes and palates.Chaman Sharma, a chef in Cake Square Restaurant of Sarabha Nagar market, said, \"We have been tirelessly baking cakes for Valentine's Day to meet the demand of orders. And with clients getting increasingly aware of styles and market trends, people want anything from out-of-the-box ideas to traditional heart-shaped cakes.'' He adds, \"Our speciality is a touch of natural to all our cakes - with fresh flowers. Our best seller is a heart-shaped cake topped with rose petals.''Just in time for V-day, Harjinder Singh, owner of Hot Breads in Sarabha Nagar market, said, \"We have a vast range of cakes on offer for Valentine's Day, which include choco-strawberry cake, Cupid-theme cake and heart-shaped cakes. They are the hot favourites for the day of love.'' Rijuta Jain of Rishikas Sweet Temptation in Udham Singh Nagar, said, this year people are preferring printed chocolate cakes and candies.\"These come with special printed lines which say it all - lines like 'I love you', 'I like you' or 'I care for you'. This year, lips-shaped cake is in huge demand.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11879064", "title": "Exports from state is on the upswing, says Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka is one of the most attractive destinations for both domestic and foreign investors. The state which is a pioneer in the field of industrialization in India has been spearheading growth of Indian industry particularly in terms of high-technology industries such as electrical/electronics industries, ICT/BT industries and recently in terms of nano-technology industries, Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily said.Inaugurating 'Karnataka: Export Vision 2020', an exporters' convention organized by Federation of Indian Export Organisations on Monday, Moily said the total exports from Karnataka have grown from Rs 20,144 crore in 2001-02 to Rs 1,65,523 crore in 2010-11 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 35%. Electronics and computer software exports have grown at a CAGR of 37% with total exports reaching Rs 105350.77 crore in 2010-11.\"This sector (IT) constituted 53% of total Indian exports from Karnataka,\" Moily said, adding 35% of the total Indian exports in this sector were from Karnataka, establishing Karnataka's leadership in software exports.\"However, Karnataka has performed outside IT sector with petroleum and petro product exports of Rs 14620.4 crore, and gems and jewellery exports of Rs 19,896.82 crore for the state saw high growth rates,\" Moily added.Other major exports from the state in 2010-12 were iron ore and minerals (Rs 967.97 crore), readymade garments (Rs 6,865.70 crore), and engineering goods (Rs 7324.29 crore).To reach the state's ambitious target and vision, where India is targeting share of 4% of global trade in 2020 projected at US$ 62 trillion, Moily said it would require massive capacity building exercise which includes infrastructure and human resources.\"The relative development of infrastructure for the state is the lowest among southern states and is a major cause for concern,\" he said.\"Agro-sector is the engine for growth in Karnataka and if given proper attention will generate huge employment opportunities in rural areas. Lack of long-term policy for agricultural sector is hampering the growth of this sector and denying better price to the farmers,\" he said, seeking state intervention.Trade Deficit A ConcernM Rafeeque Ahmed, president, FIEO, referring to global trade scenario said sovereign debt concerns in Euro Zone pose a major challenge to overall export growth.Tightening of belt in Euro Zone is in the offing which will have its effect on world trade. With the cooling of commodity/metal prices and lowering of demand, many African and Latin American countries, witnessing an export boom will face challenges in meeting the trade deficit.During April-January 2011-12, India's export increased by 23.5% to $242.8 billion. Imports grew by 29.4% to $391.5 billion during the 10-month period. This trade deficit stood at $148.7 billion for the period. This may touch $170 billion in view of crude prices moving northward and growing imports of gold and silver, he said, adding it is likely to swell the import bills in rupee having adverse effect on inflation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11881546", "title": "Fifty bite cases in hospitals daily", "text": "GURGAON: The city has more than 50,000 stray dogs. In such a scenario, dog bite cases remain a big problem in the city where on an average more than 50 patients are admitted daily for rabies vaccination at the Civil Hospital alone. The figures would be much higher if cases from private hospitals are also added.The civic body, Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), however, said that they are doing their bit and that the contract for sterilizing and vaccinating stray dogs has been given to two NGOs, Friendicoes and People for Animals (PFA). Officials said around 22,000 dogs have been sterilized and vaccinated so far in the district.MCG joint commissioner Y S Gupta said that a census carried out by the animal husbandry department three years ago put the number of stray dogs at 40,000. Animal husbandry department officials could not be contacted for their comments. The Civil Hospital, on the other hand, said that there is no respite from dog bite cases in the city.M P Sharma, deputy civil surgeon, said, \"A patient is given three anti-rabies injections if the dog is found to be free from infection, otherwise a full course of five injections are given.\" Experts say that the high proliferation rate of bitches is the reason why the population of stray dogs is growing by leaps and bounds. A bitch, in a lifespan of about six years, produces 50-60 puppies and their survival rate is about 50%. Thus doctors say that besides vaccination, population control programme is necessary to combat rabies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884091", "title": "Clash of the Stars", "text": "High pitched drama marked the end of CCL II, which saw defending champions, Chennai Rhinos, emerge victorious once againThe battelines were drawn and the battlefield - the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium in Uppal - saw a huge audience cheering on the Chennai Rhinos and Karnataka Bulldozers that locked horns in what promised to be a high octane finale.A FIERY BATTLE Chennai Rhinos won the toss and opted to bat first. After Jiiva was dismissed in the first delivery, Vikraanth took charge and smashed an unbeaten innings of 96 from 69 balls. And the team put up a target of 162 for the Bulldozers to chase. The Karnataka team's innings got off to a flying start, but their star batsman, Rajeev's dismissal dampened spirits.The team's dugout wore a tense look as they only scored 35 runs at the loss of three wickets after six overs. But Dhruva turned things around and the Bulldozers made a comeback, needing only 10 runs from six balls. After he was bowled out, an injured captain Sudeep walked in to salvage the match that needed just two runs from the last two balls.When two runs were needed from one ball, the bowler knocked the bails off at his end as J Karthik, the batsman who was not on strike, left the crease even before the delivery was bowled. Karthik was declared out and on the last ball, T Chandra got run out and the Chennai Rhinos won the CCL II trophy once again.SORE LOSERS Cricket is incomplete without controversy. And when it's celebrities on the field, there ought be some drama.The CCL II finals couldn't have been any more sensational. The real action came only at the climax as Karnataka's J Karthik, who left the crease before the delivery, was declared run out when the bowler knocked off the bails at his end. Sudeep walked on to the field expressing his displeasure over the dismissal. The team couldn't come to terms with the decision and the eventual defeat.So, while Chennai Rhinos celebrated their win, Sudeep and his boys walked away into their dressing room in shock and even decided to boycott the presentation ceremony. Chennai Rhinos' captain Vishal even had a word with them, requesting them to come out, but in vain. While Suniel Shetty and Sohail Khan managed to convince KR team owner Ashok Kenny to grace the ceremony, the rest of the team stayed cooped up in their dressing room. The team even ended up skipping the after-party!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880498", "title": "Tata Power wants high-end consumers to pay special fee", "text": "New Delhi: North Delhi power distribution company Tata Power Delhi proposes to levy a new \"reliability charge\" on commercial and industrial consumers who use more than 600 units in a month.According to the average revenue requirement (ARR) petition filed by the discom, the extra fee is in return for better service and augmented supply as high-end consumers no longer need to depend on expensive alternatives such as diesel gensets.In the ARR petition, the discom asked Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) to allow them to charge a reliability fee as a \"separate component of tariff.\" The discom said that high-end consumers should be asked to pay an extra fee as the company has managed to cater to the city's growing demand for power and made it possible for high-end consumers to almost do away with gensets.The DERC will take up the proposal at the tariff determination hearing that will be held in a few weeks, before arriving at new tariff figures for 2012-13. So far other discoms, BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna, have not made any such case for charging a reliability fee.\"These high-end consumers in any case were spending Rs 10-12 per unit for ensuring continuous supply of power by operating and maintaining personal generator sets. Discoms, by ensuring a reliable power supply, has facilitated such consumers who are now no longer using DG sets thus their expenses for managing the same has gone down considerably,\" the discom said in its petition. To further their argument, the discom also claims to have \"incurred huge capital expenditure\" to strengthen its existing network, pointing out that efforts have been made to manage the peak demand in order to maintain grid stability and to provide an un-interrupted supply of power to all its consumers.The discom explained that the fee will be levied in lieu of the amount which high-end consumers managed to save by not having to maintain and operate alternative power sources. The discom added that this fee would help to 'safeguard' low-end consumers so that they are not subjected to higher tariff rates. Many power sector experts, however, are not in favor of reliability charges and say that discoms are obliged to provide power 24/7 throughout the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878414", "title": "Human chain formed to encourage people to vote", "text": "VARANASI: To encourage a good percentage of voting on the upcoming assembly polls in the city, the Bharat Vikas Parishad Vivekanand, in association with Varanasi Athletic Club, formed a human chain on Sigra road on Monday.Hundreds of men, women, first time voters and even school children participated in the forming the human chain.According to spokeperson, Manoj Murjhani, the main aim of taking such a step was to showcase the strength of voting and encourage maximum number of voters on February 15, which is the polling day in the city.A number of colourful placards with hard hitting slogans and voters awareness quotations and pictures were used to demonstrate the importance of voting. Prominent doctors, social activists, athletes, including Naveen Srivastava, Anil Singh, Anil Bajaj and many others were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881643", "title": "Close to 85,000 visits to official election website", "text": "PUNE: The official website for elections to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has received six times more hits in January as compared to December last year. There were 30,475 visitors in January as compared to 5,204 in December. In just 13 days of February, the site has recorded 33,503 hits.The site www.pmcelection.org is dedicated to PMC elections and can be accessed via links provided on websites of Pune Muinicipal Corporation and state election commission. Nearly 26 lakh Puneites will cast their votes on February 16 to choose representatives for 76 panels or 152 wards.Since the start of the site in July 2011, over 85,000 visits have been recorded. As per the monthly tally, February's hits are the maximum. \"The number of visitors tells the reloads of the site i.e. how many times the website been accessed from a particular PC. Most users logged in to find their names in the voters list. The site can also be accessed from cellphones,\" said Kartik Upasni, one of the co-developers of the site.Pravin Ashtikar, election officer of PMC, said the number of visitors is increasing as more information related to election has been uploaded on the site. \"The PMC will be setting up over 2,200 polling booths in the city. Information of these booths has been uploaded on the site. These booths have been established in the government and semi-government organisations.Nearly 30 booths have been planned in residential societies. Their information has been given on the site along with info on panels and wards,\" he said. Ashtikar said the stream of visitors on the website shows that more and more youth and working class people are using information technology to participate in the election process. Researchers and media personnel also find the site useful, he added.The website is a part of the election management programme (EMP) of the election commission. It not only intends to make polling user-friendly but also aims to keep a watch on the voting system by making it more interactive for users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883937", "title": "Mauli Dave is loving it!", "text": "Singer-actor Mauli Dave got her fame when she came to India to participate in Sa Re Ga Ma Pa. She was best known as the Indian Shakira .She was the runners up in Fear Factor and the voice of the title song of Players. Mauli is now trying her hands at comedy - she is currently busy with TV show Comedy Circus. So far she has been getting rave reviews from friends , fans and judges who are not jus complimenting her for her comic timing but as for her singing and acting. \"Archana Puran Singh recently told me, 'Mauli, you sing like a dream' while Sohail Khan said, 'I have a great balance between my American English and Hindi accent which very few foreigners have'. Everyone is telling me that I should concentrate on acting as a career.I am open to doing films. I got a lot of TV offers in the past but as nothing appealed me much, I didn't take it up. If I decide to act on TV it will have to be something unique and different,\"\" says Mauli. Well for singers to try their hand at comedy is definitely not a common thing!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881192", "title": "British MP Keith Vaz for UK visa centre in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: British member of parliament of Goan origin Keith Vaz said he would pursue the setting up of a British visa centre in Goa. Speaking on Indo-British business opportunities in Panaji on Monday, he said, \"There is need to have a proper visa clearance centre in Goa.\"Vaz-whose parents hailed from Bardez-termed Goa an international state due to its history, and felt this was one of the factors that necessitated a visa centre.He also put forth a challenge to the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Gsaying, \"Let us work together to see that trade increases.\"He also said he was willing to help in facilitating partnerships between British companies and Goan businessmen in the field of waste disposal. \"We have lots of companies in Britain with expertise in waste disposal and they could work in partnership with businessman in Goa,\" Vaz, who represents Leicester East in the British parliament, said.Promoting educational exchanges, Vaz said, \"Whatever we do, we want our kids to do better in life. Let us invest in our children. I want to see more British students coming to India and more Indian students coming to Britain.\" He added that there were 1,87,000 Indian students in the UK in the last five years.Vaz also offered to facilitate an annual scholarship in the field of commerce or medicine to Goan students through GCCI to study at a British university.Outlining the reasons for his visit to India, Vaz said he would meet the parents of the Indian students attacked in Britain. He is also likely to lobby with Indian government officials in connection with the Typhoon jets military deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880889", "title": "This Chennai love story has all the masala of reel life", "text": "CHENNAI: David and Vijaylakshmi's love story may have been taken straight out of a movie, with all the masala of different religious and economic backgrounds thrown in. David, who has studied up to class X, is an Adi-Dravidar Christian from Nagercoil who works as a driver in Chennai. His wife Vijaylakshmi, a software professional, is a BSc and MCA graduate from Stella Mary's college in Chennai and hails from an upper middle class family.\"We first met when I was working a driver for the company where she worked initially,\" said David.\"For two whole years, we chatted as friends when I picked her up and dropped her home each night. I had developed feelings for her but did not tell her because I was only a driver while she was a software professional with a high-paying job.\"However, Vijaylakshmi too harboured similar feelings. One night, when he dropped her home, she confessed to him that she loved him. A year of courtship followed.\"I would take her in my car and she would sit in the rear seat like a passenger. We never even held hands,\" says David. In 2004, the couple decided to tell their parents but Vijaylakshmi's family objected strongly to their marriage. In June 2005, the couple eloped, fleeing to Mumbai by train.\"The night we eloped, I tied a thali around her neck. We registered our marriage in a court in Mumbai on June 8, 2005,\" says David. Meanwhile, David's brother was arrested as Vijaylakshmi's family filed a complaint with the police saying she had been adbucted.\"My wife had to write to the Teynampet police station declaring that she had come with me of her own will,\" says David. \"My brother was released but her father and two policemen followed us to Mumbai.But Vijaylakshmi refused to go back. The local policemen there dissuaded them from forcing her and her father left.\"Today, David, Vijaylakshmi and their four-year-old son live in Chennai after Vijaylakshmi obtained a transfer from the bank where she works. David now owns three cars that he hires out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883996", "title": "Follow traffic rules: Vivek Oberoi", "text": "Commuters at India Gate were in for a surprise when Bollywood actor Vivek Oberoi strapped the helmets of many motorcyclists and shared some basic traffic tips with them.He even requested girls, riding pillion on two-wheelers, to wear helmets for their own safety.On a visit to the capital for the shooting of \"Kismat, Love, Paisa, Dilli\", Vivek was accompanied by Delhi Traffic Police Joint Commissioner Satyendra Garg, as he launched Delhi Traffic Police's latest initiative 'Respect The Pedestrians'.The actor even shared his own experiences of being a witness to death or haemorrhages among friends that could have been avoided had the victim worn a helmet. \"While the pedestrians must use pedestrian facilities like pedestrian crossing, foot over bridges and subways, the motorists must respect people out on the streets and follow the rules,\" Vivek said.Garg said, \"We expect people will become more responsible after Vivek, who is a role model for millions, would ask them to follow traffic rules. Roping in celebrities helps in magnifying the impact of such campaigns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881367", "title": "Spanish painter Francisco Goya's masterpiece found in Mumbai flat-broker\u2019s home?", "text": "MUMBAI: Unlikely as this may sound, the police may have recently stumbled upon a priceless painting during a search for firearms at an Oshiwara real estate agent's residence. The agent, Majeed Sultan Khan, told the cops that it was a 19th century masterpiece by celebrated Spanish painter Francisco Goya . The police have sent it to the archaeological department to verify its authenticity.The Oshiwara police had received an anonymous complaint on February 3 alleging that Khan possessed illegal weapons. The cops landed at his home and recovered two air guns and two rifles-all of which were licensed. However, during the search, they caught sight of the painting which appeared out of place in the broker's residence. The agent claimed it was the master's original 19th century canvas 'Saturn Devouring His Son'. Khan added that it was a gift from a developer friend who owed him Rs 40 lakh.The police suspect that the painting may have been stolen. They have arrested Khan for keeping it in his possession without any documents and have seized the canvas.The police have asked experts to verify the genuineness of the Goya painting found in real estate agent Majeed Sultan Khan's Oshiwara home. Officials told TOI that they have studied most of the material related to the painting, but have not found any report stating that it was missing or stolen from Spain.Senior police inspector of Oshiwara police station Dilip Rupawate said, \"We are not sure about its genuineness. However, Khan has claimed that it is a Goya original. We are waiting for the archaeological department's report to proceed in the case.\"The police said that while searching Khan's chawl room they had noticed the well covered canvas and asked him about it. Khan willingly showed it to them, stating its history and importance. He told the police that he could have easily sold it for Rs 2 crore, but was waiting for a customer who would be willing to pay more.After consulting their seniors, the policemen asked Khan to produce the purchase documents of the painting which he was unable to. The police then seized the painting and took him to the police station for questioning. Khan then told them that a developer, whom he had helped in a land deal, owed him money.The developer gifted the painting to Khan stating that it was worth a few crores and he could sell it off after finding an interested buyer.An officer said, \"We had not called the developer for the questioning because we first need to authenticate the paining. Once it is established as an original Goya, we will try to trace the smuggling channel through which it reached the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11878944", "title": "Mismatch in voters' photos, fresh repoll likely in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: There is a likelihood of the Election Commission of India (ECI) holding another round of repoll in the state as gross mismatch has been detected between voters' photos taken inside the polling stations and those incorporated in the electoral rolls. A two-day photo comparison exercise that ended on Monday was conducted here.Under the supervision of three special advisors appointed by the ECI, returning officers of 177 polling stations under six districts - Imphal East, Thoubal, Chandel, Senapati, Tamenglong and Churachandpur - carried out the comparison exercise at the office complex of state chief electoral officer.The observers - West Bengal chief electoral officer Sunil Gupta, police observer D K Pandey, and IT ministry director Gaurav Dwivedi - left Imphal for New Delhi on Monday afternoon along with the report.The comparison was conducted after taking into account 35 different complaints filed by candidates.A state election officer said the observers would submit the sealed report to the ECI on Tuesday and the commission would take its decision on whether to conduct repoll or not.On January 28, Manipur went to polls to elect 60 MLAs for the 10th state assembly amid widespread booth rigging and violence, followed by the ECI ordering repoll at 34 polling stations in the five hill districts on February 4.The ECI has said that repoll would be conducted if the voters' photographs taken on the poll day do not match those in the electoral roll.Hordes of candidates and leaders of political parties who came to witness the exercise on a huge TV monitor lauded the measures taken up by the ECI to check poll malpractice and proxy voting. \"We have come across proxy voting in the recently-held polls and now this has been proved. This is a commendable job,\" said Congress candidate and tourism minister TN Haokip.Manipur assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "11880915", "title": "Whitney's autopsy reports kept under wraps", "text": "LOS ANGELES: An autopsy in the mysterious death of singer Whitney Houston is complete but the results have been withheld by the authorities pending toxicology report that will determine the cause of her death. The toxicology report may take six to eight weeks but the officials are not ruling out any causes of death until the toxicology results.Foul play has been ruled out in the 48-year-old's death, whose body was found by a member of her entourage on Sunday. Coroner's officials have withheld the information on the Sunday's autopsy at the request of investigators . Beverly Hills Police Lt Mark Rosen said that his agency may release more details about Houston's death, but it will depend on whether detectives feel comfortable releasing any information.Coroner Ed Winter said Houston was found in the bathtub of her Beverly Hilton Hotel room in California. He declined to say whether she drowned. According to US reports , the autopsy revealed that the singer did have water in her lungs when she died.It is believed that Houston, who had a history of drug addiction , may have fallen asleep or lapsed in unconsciousness in the bathtub and drowned. The medical examiner needs to determine whether Houston died before she was submerged in the water or after. There is also a possibility that she was dead before she went under the water, TMZ reported quoting law enforcement sources. The gossip website said Beverly Hills cops retrieved a half dozen pill bottles from her room including Xanax .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11878805", "title": "After crows, boar deaths raise concern", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: While the issue of sudden death of crows in Maulana Azad garden here is still hot, reports of high number of deaths of domestic boars in town has alarmed the civic administration. District veterinary polyclinic has however ruled out the possibility of spreading of any disease among the humans following the deaths.Recent deaths of crows in Azad garden here has put the civic administration in a fix. Deaths of 59 crows were reported within a week in Azad garden. Alarmed civic administration has closed the garden for visitors till February 25 and the veterinary officer has forwarded the samples of dead crows to the laboratory in Bhopal. Though no fresh deaths of crows have been reported since Saturday, high number of deaths of domestic boars has alarmed the administration.\"Deaths of 3-4 boars are reported everyday. So far around 50 boars have died in 15 days. Cause of deaths is still not certain. We have been instructed to intimate district veterinary policlinic about fresh deaths of boars,\" said sanitary officer, Chandrapur Municipal Corporation, J Joseph. He maintained that sanitary staff is taking due care during the disposal and every boar carcass is being buried at distant place from town.Assistant commissioner, district veterinary polyclinic, AN Somnathe dismissed the possibility of spread of disease in humans due to crow and boars deaths. \"There is no need to panic. Crow deaths have stopped and there are no reports of deaths of other birds or poultry. Hence whatever disease crows had, the infection had not spread among the other birds, hence there appears to be no threat of bird flu,\" he said.He informed that issue of deaths of domestic boars was brought to the notice of veterinary polyclinic on Monday. \"We have summoned couple of carcasses of the swine to the policlinic. Their autopsy would be carried out and viscera samples would be sent to veterinary college in Nagpur to ascertain the cause of death. Its report would be available within three days,\" Dr Somnathe said.He however suspected that swine fever (not swine flu) could be the cause of death of large number of domestic boars. \"In similar case of domestic boar deaths in Mul recently, Swine fever turned out to be cause. One should not mistake swine fever with swine flu . The two diseases are totally different. Swine fever does not spread among the humans,\" he clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11881907", "title": "The boys are all for musical evening, movie magic", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Gurraj Sidhu, Pawanpreet Singh and Manue Dawar, all residents of Model Town, are in a mood to plan a lavish celebration for their loved ones on Valentine's Day at a farmhouse in city. They're all planning to make this a day a memorable one by watching movies on the big screen and hiring a musician to play soft romantic music.Businessman by profession, Gurraj said he would be taking his fiancee' to the party and hopes that she enjoys the evening. \"I feel Valentine's Day is not only meant for lovers, but it's a day meant for everybody who believes in love and peace. It should be celebrated by all, irrespective of their status.''Talking about his V-day plans, the 28-year-old businessman adds, \"We plan to spread love in the society and for the same we have been planning this day with great effort and thought. We would watch movies that inspire love for mankind. I hope my fiancee also appreciates the thought.''Revealing party preparations, Manue Dawar, 25, who is a music director by profession, said, \"Being a part of the music industry, I understand how music connects people and emotions. For the same we have arranged a musician to play romantic numbers at the party.''He adds, \"Our aim of organizing such a party is to enrich ties of love between people.'' Twenty-eight-year-old, Pawanpreet Singh said he is waiting for the moment eagerly and believes that their way of celebration is quite different from others as they would arrange a big screen for watching movies and musician to play soft music. Businessman by profession, Pawanpreet said, \"Valentine's Day gives a deep and strong message to humanity that we should spread peace and love around us.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11880979", "title": "Hike in answersheet valuation fee demanded", "text": "INDORE: Dissatisfied with the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) management for not raising the valuation fee for checking the answersheets of the students despite government orders, a section of professors of various colleges affiliated to the varsity are meeting the vice-chancellor on Tuesday to reiterate their demand on hiking the remuneration.The teachers have been demanding to raise the fee for evaluating the answer sheets of DAVV students since long after the coordination committee of higher education department passed orders to give a significant hike to the teachers. However, varsity is yet to take a decision on it.On Monday, professors of various DAVV affiliated colleges decided to form a committee to fight for the cause. Nearly 40 professors will meet the vice chancellor on Tuesday.Shyam Sundar Palod, leader of the professors union, said, \"Higher education department has passed orders to raise the compensation as decided by University Grants Commission (UGC). But the varsity officials are not taking further steps in order to save its expenses. We will either stop working or protest till our demands are met.\"Questioning the intent of the varsity, he further said that they had been demanding to raise the valuation fee since long and now higher education department too agreed on it.\"Then, why the varsity is not giving the hike,\" he asked.Recently, the UGC had increased the compensation for evaluating answersheets of under graduate and post-graduate students from Rs 6 to 10 and Rs 10 to 15 respectively. Later, citing UGC directions, the teachers started demanding to implement it as per the UGC norms.On the other hand, the varsity is avoiding further action as government clearly mentioned that the expenses incurred should come on it. \"As per the orders the revised compensation expenses will not be borne by the state government. In such a case the additional burden will come on the students. Fee will have to be raised from next year to do so,\" said Dr Rajkamal, DAVV vice-chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880396", "title": "SRK inspires new hope, but some uncertain", "text": "KOLKATA: Comparisons between Bengal and Gujarat are unavoidable, what with the Left Front's abhorrence of Narendra Modi , the Tata Nano moving to Sanand from Singur, and Gujarat surging miles ahead of Bengal on industrialisation.Bengal's brand image now is nothing to write home about. The former Left Front government, during the fag end of its tenure, had made an attempt to resuscitate its brand equity by engaging a private company, Saffron Brand Consultants. Its head, Wally Olins, a big name in the brand business, even met then CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee to discuss a project of branding Bengal. The mission never took off because Mamata ousted the Left government.Mamata has taken Brand Bengal a step forward.\"Now, there will be a surge of activities related to this in the coming months. Several formalities are to be finalised. Some of Shah Rukh's involvement may have financial implications and some may not,\" an official said.\"This is a great development,\" industrialist Sanjay Budhia said. \"It's fabulous that Shah Rukh Khan will represent Bengal just as Amitabh Bachchan represents Gujarat. Shah Rukh's fame and popularity goes beyond the country. He has deep roots with the city through the IPL. The idea of anyone promoting Bengal makes me very happy, and all the more if it is Shah Rukh.\"However, not everyone is happy with the choice. Filmmaker Kaushik Ganguly said: \"I cannot associate Shah Rukh Khan and Kolkata in any way. Sourav Ganguly being dropped from the team (Knight Riders) was an insult to the city. It would have been much more honourable for the city if someone from here - Sunil Gangopadhyay, Soumitra Chattopadhyay or Prosenjit - was made the brand ambassador. We have many people who have contributed enormously and we don't need to hire brand ambassadors.\"Advertising guru Harish Bijoor believes the brand 'hulchul' that SRK will bring to the table is vital for Bengal's image makeover.\"Bengal desperately needs a brand ambassador to shrug off the old associations with labour strife, bandhs, strikes, friction between government and corporate houses, Nandigram and Nano. Shah Rukh should work beautifully to the external audience. The state can use his star power in advertisements and ground level activities like investor meets,\" Bijoor said.On the need to hire a Bollywood star, Bijoor said the ambassador needed immediate recognition among non-Bengalis, be it investors or tourists. \"For an internal audience, a Soumitra Chatterjee would have worked. But for the rest of India, Shah Rukh is the next best bet after Amitabh Bachchan. As for cricketers, they are always the next choice after actors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881272", "title": "No brick in their wall", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At least 17 Kendriya Vidyalayas (KVs) run by the KV Sanghatan of the Union human resources development ministry in the state have been struggling with inadequate infrastructure.A majority of the schools, all of which were opened in 2010, are sharing buildings of other institutions on a temporary basis. None of the schools have got possession of land which was supposed to be provided to them by the state government.Conceding the delay in getting land for the newly-opened schools, KVS assistant commissioner S K Chokdar said the land transfers are in various stages of completion for the schools. \"The sanghatan will start construction after we get possession of the land,\" he said.In Bhubaneswar, two new schools are functioning from the premises of two other state government-run schools. While KV5, Kalingar Nagar, is operating from Government Boys High School Campus, Unit IX, the KV6, Pokhariput, is functioning from Jagamara UP School. Lease deed of land for KV5 was signed early this week, while land allocation for KV6 is yet to be finalized, sources said. The state capital has a total of six KVs, including the two new ones.The two-year-old KV2 in Cuttack, functioning from Government Press building premises, has been facing sever shortage of classrooms. Rooms have been partitioned by almirahs to accommodate two classes in single hall.Sources said after the school requested Government Press to give some more rooms, the latter is bargaining for admission quota for children of its employees in the school. School principal Pitambar Das, however, dismissed any such bargain and said the press has agreed to hand over some more warehouses to the school for use as classrooms.The land allotted to KV2 Cuttack is a low lying land, which the sanghatan is reluctant to accept. Sources said it will cost the school Rs 30 lakh to develop the land to make it fit for construction. The principal said the matter would be sorted out as the local MP has offered to sanction money from his local area development fund.Sources said due to disjointed classrooms at the temporary arrangement for the CISF Mundali school, teachers and students have to travel around 500 metres between two classes.Schools in Nuapada, Khariar, Nayagarh, Kendrapada, Murgabadi (Mayurbhanj), Kutra (Sundargarh) and Jajpur too are functioning from cramped buildings. In their opening year in 2010, these schools had classes from I to V. \"As we are adding one upper class every year, the constraints are increasing,\" said a principal, requesting anonymity.Odisha has over 50 KVs, including the 17 opened two years ago. While the state government provides land for the schools, the sanghatan runs them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "11878731", "title": "Patkar wants transparency in all development projects", "text": "BHANDARA: \"There should be a legislation on development and planning in the country, so all schemes launched by the government or corporates are put before the gram sabha. So, if anything goes wrong with the scheme, details will be available under right to information act,\" said noted environmentalist Medha Patkar at a public meeting in Paoni on Sunday.Lok Shakti Abhiyan and Gosikhurd Prakalpgrast Sangharsh Samiti had jointly organized the public meeting.Medha Patkar said big dams were constructed in Vidarbha in the name of development of irrigation, but a World Bank report says most rivers have dried up. \"Big catchment and command areas of dams are dividing communities. Lives of project affected persons are thrown into chaos. A detailed report of profit and loss of the project should be released to the public. Rivers die, farmers, fishermen and others depending on them are the worst sufferers. So, people should have the right to know how the national wealth will be exploited before a project is launched,\" she said.Patkar also pointed out that lakhs of hectares is acquired for highways and flyover but it benefits very few persons.She also lamented corruption in development projects by both government as well as private sector, which hurts project affected persons most. \"There is corruption in building canals from dams too, and in fact more land is acquired for canals than for the submergence area. In Gosikhurd project too there have been complaints of sub-standard work of canals,\" she said.Patkar gave the example of Bhakra Nangal project, where two lakh hectares of land in command area has been spoiled due to canal water. \"Gujarat farmers too have refused to give land for canal as rehabilitation for Sardar Sarover project is yet to be completed. Narmada Bachao Andolan has moved the court, which has stopped dam work till rehabilitation is done,\" she said.The activist also slammed the acquisition of land for MIHAN project of Nagpur at Rs 1.5 crore per acre, which land for other development projects is acquired for meagre amounts. She also said the Land Acquisition Act should be replaced with the Ownership Act, and below poverty line concept should be replaced with a line of affluence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11880699", "title": "Islamic students' body moots campaign against pop culture decadence", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka zone unit Students Islamic Organisation (SIO) of India will conduct a 10-day campaign on popular culture based on the theme 'students - where are you heading towards' in school and college campuses from February 17.SIO zonal public relation secretary Syed Kazim said on Monday that the campaign aims at creating awareness about negative impact of Western culture on students and youth.Create AwarenessVarious programmes will be conducted in schools and colleges during the campaign. \"Various tools like street play, poster magazines, wall magazines, campus magazines, discussion forum , handmade posters, group discussions, panel discussions, debates, lectures, social networking, cultural fests and short film screening will be used to create awareness among youth during the campaign,\" Kazim said.\"The campaign will focus on the philosophy and effects of popular culture, which can be better described as an octopus with several tentacles like music, films, pornography, reality shows, drinks, relationship, behaviour, fashion, literature, advertisements, brand consciousness and media. It has surrounded the society from all sides and we will not be in a position to survive unless we stand up today,\" he said, and added that there will be a talk against spending money to celebrate Western occasions including Valentines Day.\"It's unfortunate that 40% of the people in the country live below poverty line and youth spend money to buy expensive Valentine Day cards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "11881003", "title": "Signals Corp celebrates 101st anniversary", "text": "MHOW: The Corp of Signals celebrated its 101st anniversary at Military College of Telecommunication Engineering in Mhow on Sunday. MCTE commandant Maj Gen Rajesh Pant was the chief guest of the programme while his wife Vandana Pant, who is the president of Family Welfare Organisation ( FWO), was the guest of honour.Maj Gen Pant gave away prizes to the winners of various competitions held on the occasion. He also appreciated the sporting spirit of all the participants.The Corps was raised on February 15, 1911.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881792", "title": "CM demands action against Khurshid", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday demanded suitable action against Union law and minority welfare minister Salman Khurshid for 'violating model code of conduct' in course of UP assembly poll campaign.\"The Election Commission and the Prime Minister should take action as what Khurshid did is a serious issue. It is unbecoming of a Central minister to openly violate model code of conduct,\" he said while talking to mediapersons on the sidelines of 'Janata Ke Durbar Mein Mukhya Mantri' programme at 1, Anne Marg. The CM accused both the Congress as well as the Congress-led UPA government of not being serious in this matter.\"The EC is a constitutional body and it has the overall responsibility of conducting fair election. If the EC is convinced that a Union minister has committed violation, it should take a strict stand,\" said Nitish.The CM was also critical of raking up reservation for the minorities during election and asked why such issue was raised only during poll time. What Khurshid or his party has been saying now could have done it earlier, he added. Maintaining that the Congress has never been serious on according quota, Nitish said, \"I vividly remember that the then leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Rajiv Gandhi spoke on theMandal Commission repor for three hours and gulped 13 glasses of water, but he was opposed to the method of the implementation of the scheme.\"The CM said that his party's old and consistent stand is that the Centre should make classification for OBC in jobs on the lines of Bihar. \"In Bihar, the quota for OBC is through an Act and several Muslim sub-castes are included in Annexure I and II. If they want to give additional quota to Muslims, beyond 27 percent reservation, we will support it,\" Nitish declared.Nitish admitted that he talks to his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee on various issues, but denied having spoken to her on possible political alignment. Reacting to a report that he is trying to forge an Eastern Regional Council, comprising Bihar, West Bengal and Orissa, Nitish said, \"I wish such a body comes up, but I have not talked to anybody on this issue.\" Nitish said he was not convinced that Mamata would quit the UPA and return back to the NDA. \"I don't think it is logical for her in view of the political situation of West Bengal,\" he added.The CM said that the Global Summit to be inaugurated by Nepal Prime Minister Baburam Bhattari on Friday would be a major event where experts, economists, social scientists, industrialists and intelligentsia will discuss various issues related to growth. \"I want to make one thing clear that this summit has nothing to do with investment. It is only for discussion and to create an conducive atmosphere , besides branding of Bihar,\" he said and added that Bhutan King Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuk, who was supposed to address valedictory session on February 19, has expressed his inability to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880378", "title": "Sena revives demand for permit system", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Monday touched a chord among his Marathi followers by reviving his 1966 demand for a permit system to curb growing migration into Mumbai. \"Illegal migrants from Bangladesh are a threat to Mumbai's security. The Congress is appeasing the Bangla migrants and from all parts of India as well to garner votes. However, Mumbai's infrastructure is groaning under the burden of unchecked influxes,'' he said.The 85-year old Sena patriarch, who looked in fine shape, was addressing a Sena-BJP-RPI combine meeting to wrap up the two-week poll campaign.Thackeray's added emphasis on the Sena's 'sons-of-the-soil' credo is aimed at winning the Marathi votes in the face of the the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena threat to the Sena-BJP-RPI combine in the civic elections. Political observers said the Sena-BJP lost the 2009 Lok Sabha and state assembly elections to the Congress-NCP due to a split in Marathi votes, thanks to the MNS.\"I had spoken of a permit system in Mumbai in 1966 and I had to face flak from many. Those who oppose me talk of freedom of movement as enshrined in the Constitution by Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar . However, Dr Ambedkar has added a rider that new entrants in a city should not pose a threat to the original inhabitants,'' he stated.\"The Congress-NCP government has all the time to genuflect before migrants and the minority community. But the government has let down Mumbai's textile workers. The entire textile neighbourhood has been destroyed to make way for swanky highrise apartments,'' he said.On the election of Uddhav Thackeray as Sena CEO at a party conclave in 2002, he said he did not believe in dynastic rule or democracy. He pointed out that he was anointed on the strength of the partymen's unflinching support. Uddhav has not been imposed on Shiv Sainiks, he said.Thackeray also said Aditya, Uddhav's son, was chosen as leader not by him (Thackeray Senior) but by students of St Xavier's College, where he studied a few years ago. \"A strike in St Xavier's College catapulted Aditya as leader of the student community. Aditya and his college mates went in a delegation to meet the Maharashtra governor and urged him to end the strike. After this, the students unanimously declared him as their leader,'' the Sena chief said.Thackeray slammed Congress president Sonia Gandhi for perpetuating dynastic rule in the party. \"Now, Robert Vadra too is making an entry into politics. This is shameful,'' he remarked, and alleged that Vadra too was mired in the 2G spectrum scandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879897", "title": "CBI chief bats for ethics in governance to curb graft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Describing corruption as a major governance issue, the CBI director A P Singh on Monday recalled a verse from Indian scripture which says \"if the King is immoral so will be his subjects\". \"Ethics in governance would hold key to good governance in any society. I am prompted to recall a famous verse from the ancient Indian scriptures which says Yatha Raja Tatha Praja in other words, if the King is immoral so would be his subjects,\" Singh said.In his inaugural speech during first Interpol global programme on anti-corruption and asset recovery, Singh said corruption has become \"a major governance challenge\" and there is no single remedy for fighting graft. \"The battle against it has to be fought at many levels. The designs of the programme should provide for more transparency and accountability. Systems and procedures which are opaque, complicated, centralized and discretionary are a fertile breeding ground for the evil of corruption,\" he said. The CBI director said development of new methods of financial flows and communication technology have made it easier for the corrupt to conceal and stash away stolen wealth.\"On the other hand, differences in legal systems, high costs in coordinating investigations, inadequate international cooperation and bank secrecy have made the task difficult for the anti-corruption authorities,\" he explained. Singh said, \"Tracing, freezing, confiscation, and then repatriation of stolen assets is a legal challenging. Managing the asset recovery investigation is a complex, time consuming, costly and most importantly requires expertise and political will\".The programme is a first of its kind in which investigators from 18 countries are taking part to learn ways of identifying the assets created of corrupt practices. \"The purpose of this global programme is to enhance the knowledge and skills of investigators and prosecutors in tracking assets of mass corruption, and making effective use of legal assistance in international and trans-border investigations,\" the CBI had said in a statement.The agenda of the exercise will include talks by senior officers of the Interpol and the CBI. \"Representatives of the UNODC, senior Officers of the Enforcement Directorate, experts from the American Bar Association, chartered accountants and cyber forensic experts will also share their experience and expertise with the participants,\" it added.The CBI is investigating a number of corruption cases, including the 2G, CWG and Bofors, in which proceeds have allegedly been taken to tax havens and the agency is trying to trace the money trail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11880892", "title": "China VP trains guns at US over military build-up in Asia", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese vice president Xi Jinping has set the stage for his visit to the United States beginning Monday with a warning, asking Washington not to exert its military muscle in Asia.Xi is expected to do some tough talking with the US about disputes in the South China Sea and issues relating to the Dalai Lama , said a source close to the Chinese government.Xi, tipped to become the country's next president later in 2012, told Washington Post that there was \"ample space\" in the Pacific Ocean for both China and the US. He indicated Beijing's readiness to accept the US continued presence in the region, which includes disputed islands in the South China Sea, as long as China's claim to the oil-rich islands is accepted.China has taken an aggressive stand on its claims over oil-rich islands in disputes with Vietnam , Japan and Philippines . It has also opposed India's investments in oilfields run by a Vietnamese company in one of the disputed islands.\"At a time when people long for peace, stability and development, to deliberately give prominence to the military security agenda is not really what most countries in the region hope to see,\" Xi said.The statement comes in the wake of US President Barack Obama's promise to enhance Washington's military presence in Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11879065", "title": "B-schools need to focus on quality: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: Academicians feel if standards at management institutes in the city have to improve, then the focus has to shift from quantity to quality. Heads of various MBA colleges from the city shared their views over quality of education at the Novus 2012 management conclave organized by NIT Graduate School of Management.Sujit Metre, director, Dr Ambedkar Institute of Management Studies &amp; Research Nagpur, said, \"MBA used to be a course for the classes and now it has become a course for the masses. We are clearly focused on quantity rather than quality. That is why we find ourselves at this crossroads.\"Lalit Khullar, director, Tirpude College of Management, \"In this country we have the most outdated systems in education. The exams and evaluation are all processes in place for quality control rather than quality assurance. We need continuous improvement for students and not continuous evaluation and hence a major overhaul of the system is required.\"A pioneer in management studies in Nagpur, QH Jeevaji, believes that the current curriculum is one of the major reasons for poor quality. \"The management curriculum is not changed for years and it becomes outdated. Hence it is necessary for our institutes to become autonomous and have control over the curriculum and keep updating it to keep in pace with times,\" said Jeevaji.Bhaskar Patel, director, KITS (Ramtek), however, believes that maintaining quality of education is the sole domain of faculty. \"In my view, no faculty member can give an excuse by blaming either the curriculum or the students. If a student is disinterested in studies, bunks classes and fails the exam then it is the teacher's fault. Our teachers seem to have restricted themselves to fixed roles and do not have the vision to step beyond that,\" said Patel.Jeevaji stressed that poor quality of faculty was due to the low pay scales being offered. \"If a teacher is worth Rs 50,000 per month, the colleges pay them only Rs 15,000. Even a government peon gets more than that. I firmly believe that good salaries will guarantee good quality teachers. The end result will be good quality graduates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881537", "title": "MSRTC depots to get breath analysers", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has planned to provide breath analyser kits to the state transport depots in Pune division. Three major depots- Swargate, Shivajinagar and Baramati - will get the kits in first phase. Every driver at these depots will undergo the breath analyser test before he goes on an official trip.MSRTC officials here say that the initiative aims to make journeys safer by minimising any chance of drunk driving. A senior official said that the proposal to procure breath analysers for every depot was submitted to the head office and was recently approved.\"We are expecting the kits soon. We will start using the kits at Swargate, Shivajinagar and Baramati first and they will later be made available at the remaining nine depots in Pune division,\" said the official.He further said that some depots in Pune already had breath analyser kits, but most of them were not in a good condition.The state transport body is planning various measures for safer journeys, especially after the January 25 incident when ST driver Santosh Mane went on a murderous rampage in the Swargate area, killing eight people. In another incident in Pune division last week, a driver was suspended for driving a bus when he was allegedly under the influence of alcohol.Apart from procuring breath analysers, the MSRTC has begun a week-long drive to conduct medical tests of drivers at all depots in the division. Drivers are undergoing basic tests for blood pressure and diabetes and eye tests. The drivers are being advised regarding further medical examinations and treatment if needed. A detailed report of the tests will be submitted to the head office.The MSRTC has also asked its special squads to intensify the frequency of flying visits to the depots and conduct on-the-spot inspections of buses. Four such squads, with a total strength of 20 persons, have been deployed. The squads are expected to check the condition of buses that are lined up to go on trips.According to the official, the squads have been asked to take immediate action against the authorities concerned if any faults are found in the buses. The squad visited Baramati, Daund and Narayangaon depots in the last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879693", "title": "Submit report on women fleet cabs: HC to MIAL", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Monday directed pre-paid taxis run by women to operate from the current two slots at Mumbai airport for a month. The Mumbai International Airport Limited has to submit a report on the response the cabs receive.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing a petition filed by Stri Shakti Kendra which runs the Priyadarshini Taxi Service, one of the three all-women fleet taxi services. They operate from two slots near the VIP area.Their lawyer Kalpesh Joshi said while the RTO has allowed them to operate from prepaid category, the MIAL is not allowing them perceiving a law and order situation from pre-paid cabs run by male drivers. There 18 slots with parking for 20 taxis in each. On behalf of Viira Cabs, its managing director Preeti Menon informed that if women drivers join prepaid slots, they stand to incur the wrath of male drivers. \"Unions take up cudgels on the road. We do not wish to be clubbed in pre-paid category,'' she said. Justice Shah retorted, \"If you are not interested, why do you want to prevent others?\"Advocate for Taximen's Union also opposed getting women fleet taxis in prepaid area saying it is already chaotic. MIAL advocate added that pressure on the 15 prepaid slots is much higher than in the area reserved for women fleet taxis. He said due to space constraints MIAL cannot provide a counter to every person inside the airport. Then the judges asked why there cannot be pre-paid counters in the existing area where all-women taxis fleet.services operate. Passing their order,The judges said, \"It's is a temporary arrangement for a month''. The and directed MIAL to submit a report about the manner in which the system works'' at the case will be heard on March 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11880678", "title": "A new software just for kids with special needs", "text": "MANGALORE: Identifying Children With Special Needs (CWSN), their disabilities, needs and maintaining those details on record is necessary for proper implementation of schemes that are introduced by the government. The software developed by Dakshina Kannada district unit of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) will come in handy for the government to distribute benefits to such children.The software, which is called CWSN Database, records a disabled child's name, age, address, disorder, various schemes the child has been enrolled for, various benefits received by the child, and education details.With this software, it will be easy for the government to generate problem-wise, gender-wise, area-wise data to introduce schemes. The government is expected to adopt the software in the state soon. SSA district deputy co-ordinator N Shivaprakash told TOI that the CWSN Database was designed in 2010 on a pilot basis. \"The data about challenged children collected through a census was uploaded using the software. We have submitted a proposal to upgrade the software at a cost of Rs 1.50 lakh,\" he added.\"The software, which is limited to SSA, can also be used to co-ordinate with Women and Child Welfare department, disabled and senior citizens department and other departments' to implement welfare schemes in the state with little modifications,\" he explained. The joint review mission of SSA too was impressed with the software. \"The state unit of SSA may distribute this software to other districts,\" Shivaprakash said.Another new initiative by SSA is that now each challenged child has been given a card with colour code that describes the nature of disability.\"As per SSA guidelines, there are 10 disabilities and so far 4,738 children in age group of 6 to 14 have been identified in a survey conducted in August 2011. As many as 1,953 children have been identified with low vision, 33 are totally blind, 104 have impaired hearing, 350 have impaired speech, 773 have orthopaedic disabilities, 870 have mental retardation, 33 have cerebral palsy , 523 have multiple disability, 26 have learning disability and 73 have identified with autism spectrum disorder,\" Shivaprakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880423", "title": "Raj mocks offer to return to party", "text": "MUMBAI: Launching a scathing attack on his cousin Uddhav, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Monday said he was willing to consider a return to his estranged party, the Shiv Sena , but for the corrupt practices prevalent under the leadership of the former.Sena chief Bal Thackeray had on Sunday admitted he was willing to accept Raj back into the party only if he was willing to take the first step. \"I am willing to walk 100 such steps for Balasaheb just to accept his love. But for what should I do that, to become a part of the corrupt coterie being led by Uddhav?\" Raj said at his first big election rally at Jamboree Maidan in Worli.The MNS alleged corruption in the civic body, reportedly in various forms and under several schemes initiated over the past 16 years of Sena rule. \"The Sena-BJP has spent Rs 40,000 crore on Mumbai's development. But not a single rupee's development is visible on the streets. Where has this money gone? They have made this city unlivable,\" Thackeray said.He claimed that the Sena-BJP combine siphoned money in a project to beautify Shivaji Park, in the repair and reconstruction of roads, in buying biodegradable plastic bags for civic hospitals and even while buying milk for children of civic schools. \"These are mind-boggling figures. Mumbaikars are paying Rs 38 crore as tax every day and this is what they get in return,\" he said, alleging that under Sena rule the city had only seen the growth of slums on roads and pipelines. \"We now have at least four slums the size of Dharavi in Mumbai,\" he said.He said while he has no magic wand to undo what had been done by the Sena, Mumbaikars should give him a chance to show what can be done in a full five-year term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881205", "title": "MLAs must resign and get re-elected", "text": "PANAJI: Goans seem to be the most service-oriented people in the country. At election time everyone who is anyone wants to 'serve' the people by getting elected. If a candidate does not get a party ticket he switches allegiance to another party. If denied a ticket in the new party, he imports another party from outside the state to carry out his plan.If that also fails, he forms his own party. I fail to understand just why these people are so keen to serve us. After securing a party ticket and winning the election, the game to serve the people commences all over again, on a different level. Those not accommodated as ministers keep jumping from one side to the other, all eager to serve the people. They all want to become ministers to serve the people.Those who become ministers want to become the chief minister so as to serve the people even better. We Goans need to put an end to these 'jumping jacks'. We should take an undertaking from them (affidavit) that once elected they will not switch parties. If, however, they are keen to do so, they must first resign and get re-elected.Goa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "11881968", "title": "Madurai, Sivakasi industries protest frequent power cuts", "text": "SIVAKASI: Irked over the erratic power supply, owners of over 2,000 small and micro-industries in the industrial town of Sivakasi staged a protest on Monday.The owners and employees of the units stopped production for a day as part of the protest and also besieged the TNEB office there and raised slogans demanding regular power supply. The industrialists alleged that they had suffered a huge loss in the last one month alone due to power cuts.Sivakasi hosts thousands of industries with fireworks, matches, printing as the major ones while there are hundreds of supporting industries like mini-offsets, poly-packing, cutting and sorting. While big industries though incurring heavy costs manage with generator power, small-scale industries are worst hit as they cannot afford generators.Irked by the frequent unscheduled power cuts, the small entrepreneurs held a mass demonstration in front of the EB office at Tiruthangal Road. Addressing the demonstration, M Suresh Kumar from the federation said that they are not able to run the industries due to frequent power cuts. Production has been severely affected forcing hundreds of industries into loss and the EB should provide uninterrupted power for at least eight hours in a day, he said. \"The state and Central governments should take measures to commission the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant which can greatly ease the present power crisis,\" he stated.\"Thousands of workers depend on such industries. Let the government stop all the freebies but give uninterrupted power cut to the region to save thousands of workers,\" he mentioned. Explaining the plight of such industries, M Nagalingam of Sri Ramji Polybags said there are more than 350 polythene industries alone in Sivakasi while there are hundreds of small industries like scoring, cutting and laminating.\"Polythene industry is worst-hit because processing needs continuous power supply. We need at least one hour to heat the machines alone after which the production starts, by then the power goes off. It causes huge wastage as the semi-processed plastic goes waste. We are not able to manage this wastage costing more than Rs 1,400 per day,\" he said. \"Besides, we need to pay wages to the workers including the idle hours. Whenever power goes, we industrialists suffer mental trauma,\" he said.\"We are aware of the power crisis in the state.We are asking the authorities for uninterrupted power supply at least eight hours in a day. The frequent power cuts bleed the industries. Let them announce power holiday in a week like they do on monthly maintenance. We are ready to work even on Sundays to help the EB but we need uninterrupted power for our wages,\" said one worker.Meanwhile, stainless steel, aluminium utensils and stove manufacturers of Sellur region in Madurai region staged a novel demonstration at Tagore Nagar by holding kerosene lights and aluminium utensils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11879316", "title": "Israel-Iran shadow war", "text": "* In the past two years, four Iranian scientists have been mysteriously assassinated* The only one to survive so far is Fereidoun Abbasi-Davani, now the head of Iran's atomic energy organization, who jumped away from his car seconds before it burst in November 2010* Majid Shahriari, another Iranian scientist, was killed in an attack in Tehran in November 2010* In November 2011,17 elite Revolutionary Guards personnel including Maj Gen Hassan Moghaddam, believed to be head of Iran's missile programme, died in an explosion at an Iranian missile base* In July 2011, an attack killed an electronics student Darioush Rezaeinejad, who some reports claimed was working on high-voltage switches* In July 2009, an Iranian nuclear expert called Shahram Amiri vanished while on a pilgrimage to Mecca. A year later, he appeared in the US claiming he had been abducted by US agents, and in July 2010 he returned to a hero's welcome in Tehran* In January 2010, Masoud Ali Mohammadi , a physicist and lecturer at the Imam Hussein University run by the Revolutionary Guards, was assassinated* In 2010, a computer worm called Stuxnet was unleashed on the Iranian nuclear system, which people say have been jointly developed by the US and Israel. The virus has the ability to send centrifuges spinning out of control and temporarily crippled Iran's uranium enrichment programme* Iran has acknowledged that the malware - malicious software designed to infiltrate computer systems - hit the laptops of technicians working at Bushehr, but has denied that the plant was affected* It has also been alleged that western countries, where Iran sources its nuclear equipment, had penetrated the black market -- Iran was being given defective parts such as centrifuge components, designed to blow apart while in operation and in so doing bring down all the centrifuges in the vicinity.Why is the world opposed to Iran's nuclear programme?* Iran has said it wants to see Israel wiped off the face of the earth* Iran's bomb will be seen as the 'Shia bomb' prompting Saudi Arabia to go for the 'Sunni bomb'* The Saudi nuclear weapon is likely to be bought from Pakistan* This would make Pakistan and its army which supports terror groups much more powerful in the Islamic world* All of these will be very bad outcomes for India* While Iran insists it's a peaceful programme, successive IAEA reports have left unanswered questions on the Iranian programme. Iran has also refused to let IAEA access to its secret nuclear project 111.* In 2009, the US, British and French intelligence agencies said extensive excavations at Fordow, a Revolutionary Guards base near the religious centre of Qom, were a secret uranium enrichment plant under construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11879247", "title": "Japanese draw up $22.5m plan for Alang", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Japanese have decided to come to Alang, offering to the Gujarat government a major plan to modernize Asia's biggest ship-recycling yard.A high-level 15-member Japanese delegation, led by Kenji Tomoda, chairman, Ship Recycle sub-committee of the Japanese Ship-owners' Association, met chief minister Narendra Modi and officials of the state ports department on Monday, telling the state government about the need to make Alang's 170 recycling plots, spread over a 10 kilometres stretch, environmentally friendly, such that foreign ships can reach there without any hassle for recycling.\"The cost for modernizing the yard has been estimated at $ 22.5 million. We have asked the Japanese to fund the project. The delegation seemed keen,\" a senior government official, who was in the meeting with the delegation, told TOI.Among those who were part of the delegation included top shipping companies like Nippon Yusen Kaisha and Mitsubishi ,\" the official said, adding, \"Other representatives included members of the Japanese International Cooperation Agency, which provides technical and other forms of aid promoting economic and social development, and Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry ( METI).\"During their talks with the CM, the Japanese insisted about the need to ensure that Alang complies with the Hong Kong Protocol for Safe and Environmentally-Friendly Recycling, formulated by the International Maritime Organization in 2009.\"This alone with ensure that Japanese ships, which form 15 per cent of the world's total, reach Alang for recycling and do not go anywhere else,\" the official quoted the Japanese. The official added, \"This was the second Japanese visit to India. Immediately after the first visit, we asked Wapcos, the Government of India consultants, to prepare a complete project report on what all is needed in order to implement the Hong Kong protocol, to which India is a signatory.\"On their part, the state government assured the Japanese delegation that it will do everything to enforce the Hong Kong protocol, including constructing a safer hazardous waste disposal site and platforms for cutting ships.The delegation was also assured that better facilities will be created for safer reception of oil from the tankers that come with the ships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881006", "title": "Sleep right and eat smart to ace exams", "text": "CHENNAI: Come exam season and the first things that students tend to forget is that they need a nutritious diet and enough sleep. Long study hours, peer pressure and a general edginess could result in a student eating all the time or not at all. It's best to eat smart to face the tests: Balanced and wholesome nourishment is the best study aid, say doctors.\"Children should start the day with an energy-rich breakfast. It's not enough if you just have an egg. The brain needs a constant supply of glucose,\" says Dr Swathi Padankatti, consultant paediatrician at Sundaram Medical Foundation. South Indian breakfasts, like idli or dosa with chutney, make for an ideal breakfast. Cereals or eggs, say nutritionists, should be coupled with fruits and milk to make a good breakfast. Dieticians suggest that parents include greens, fruit, milk and milk products, and sufficient water in their child's diet as this helps keep a person calm and improves oxygen flow to the brain.Even slight dehydration can mean a huge drop in performance. Experts say meals should be distributed over time, and a protein-rich lunch is ideal. \"Carbohydrates release glucose and make students feel lethargic, so protein intake is important. The meal pattern should be changed from three to six a day. It keeps a student alert and stress-free.Small and frequent meals are advisable as they release small amounts of sugar,\" says Farhana Afroz, chief dietitian, HealthCare Global Enterprises Ltd. Experts advise children against eating food from restaurants.\"Several eateries are not properly monitored. Even though the rate of vaccination against such diseases has improved, we still have a lot of children being brought in with typhoid and jaundice. I've noticed that when children fall sick during the exams, they get scared that they will miss the tests or that they won't be able to write them well. This is especially true of high performing students,\" Dr Padankatti adds. An ideal meal would include plenty of fish, milk, sprouts and non-oily food. Spicy food must be avoided, as it can cause gastritis.Fish can be included in abundance as it is rich in DHA and Omega-3 fatty acids, both of which boost brain activity.Dieticians advise children not to eat in front of the television or while reading textbooks. Concentration should be on the food, or it might lead to indigestion and overeating, say nutritionists. There are some no-nos too.\"Avoid sugary items before the exam or throughout the exam season. Choose a high-protein bar or a fruit over a candy bar. Limit caffeine intake and opt for buttermilk or fresh lemon juice instead. Bananas are excellent before an exam because they release energy bit by bit, unlike a chocolate bar, which gives an instant rush of energy that soon fades away,\" says Farhana. In case of even a minor indication of ill-health, the child should immediately be taken to a doctor.Principal and correspondent of Zion Group of Schools N Vijayan says he recommends that parents insist that children go to bed on time. \"Children should be in bed by 10pm, especially if they have an exam the next day. Lack of sleep combined with stress can cause nausea. I also advise parents to spend at least 10 to 15 minutes with their children, either speaking to them or engaging in some spiritual activity together. This helps calm their nerves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879771", "title": "Valentine's Day: Romeos-Juliets to be kept tied-down", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There shall be increased police presence on the Panjab University campus on the Valentine's Day . Entry to colleges and educational institutions shall be restricted and timing regulations would be enforced to keep a check on any untoward happenings.However, the strict law and order situation is set to dampen the V-Day spirits as there would be police eye over movement of people across Chandigarh, as compulsory classes in most colleges get over around 12pm.The dean student welfare of PU has issued a notice to all staffers and students, requesting them to carry identity cards along. Gate 1 and gate 3 shall be closed from 9am to 3pm, and entry would be regulated at gate number 2.Some departments at PU and colleges have planned to organize \"academic conventions\" to keep the students busy. Panjab University Campus Student Council ( PUCSC) president Pushpinder Sharma said, \"We would organize our annual academic convention Vimarsh on February 14, there would be no formal or informal celebrations of the Valentine's Day.\"The departments of Economics, evening studies, and student council have planned academic events on this day. Colleges would hold seminars, talks and competitions to ensure students participate in \"constructive activities\".GC-11 principal Achla Dogra, said, \"The entry gates shall remain closed till 12pm. No special measures have been made to keep a check over security but discipline will be ensured.\"Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881619", "title": "160 polling stations sensitive", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have identified 160 polling stations as sensitive and have deployed extra manpower there for the smooth conduct of voting for the civic elections on February 16.The city police are geared up for the polls and have deployed around 8,000 officers and policemen to avoid any untoward incident.Deputy commissioner of police (special branch) Sanjay Jadhav said that on the day of polling, 12 deputy police commissioners, 21 assistant police commissioners, 103 police inspectors, 468 sub-inspectors and 7,313 policemen are on election duty. \"We have kept one inspector and 21 police sub-inspectors as reserve,\" he said.Jadhav said the police have been assigned extra manpower of 701 homeguards, 1,469 special police officers (SPOs), cadets of national cadet corps and civil defence. \"We have four companies of state reserve police force with us. We have attached 500 SPOs to each zone .\"He said the police have identified 160 polling stations as sensitive. \"We have deployed extra manpower at these sensitive police stations.\" He said a separate bandobast has been planned during the counting process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879190", "title": "'India can win melon patent'", "text": "KOCHI: India should invoke provisions of Bio-diversity Convention (CBD) to fight the patent issued by European Patent Office (EPO) to Monsanto on virus resistance traits of melons allegedly taken from indigenous varieties in India, according to ecologist S Faizi.Faizi, a member of CBD Expert Group on Biodiversity and Poverty and Board Member of the CBD Alliance, said Monsanto had misappropriated the viral resistance trait of Indian melons and introduced it into Western variety of melons, through conventional breeding techniques.The patent obtained by the Munich office of the EPO to Monsanto for Closterovirus-resistant melon plants has no legal validity as it was not an invention but a case of \"bio-piracy,\" Faizy said.\"India may win the rights if we file a case in any court which has jurisdiction over the Munich office of the EPO, by invoking the CBD provisions,\" he said.Faizi said he had written to minister for environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan with this suggestion.He said the fight against this patent might not be effective if India was invoking patent laws alone. Patent laws do not recognise sovereign national rights over biodiversity, as they treat biodiversity as global resource.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11879235", "title": "Governor wants report on social boycott in Guj", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat governor Dr Kamala wants a complete action taken report from the Gujarat government on what it is doing to cases of social boycott and forced migration of Dalits in the state's rural areas. A delegation of Gujarat Human Rights Committee and Navsarjan Trust, an Ahmedabad-based NGO, met the governor on Monday, enlisting 17 cases in Gujarat, where Dalits even today face social boycott and forced migration.\"The governor assured us that she will ask for a complete report from the state home department, the social justice and empowerment department and the law department. She also said, she will ask the chief secretary as to why the state government has failed to take cognizance of untouchability in villages, which leads to social boycott and force migration of the Dalits,\" a member of the delegation, Kirit Rathod, said.In a written statement to the governor, the delegation demanded that all the Dalits who have faced forced migration should be rehabilitated immediately; that a meeting of senior officials be called by the chief minister to take stock of untouchability prevailing in Gujarat; and that the police should suo motu take up cases of untouchability to register criminal proceedings against those who practice it.\"We demanded that early action be taken for rehabilitating 26 families of Ghada village of Banaskantha district, who for the last two-and-a-half years have been living in makeshift tents in front of Deesa mamlatdar's office. They were forced to migrate from the village following social boycott by upper caste people following a case of untouchability,\" Rathod said.Of the 17 cases referred to the governor, five are of Ahmedabad district - of Vanthal, Goraj, Keshardi, Ingoli and Kundal villages. Another five are from Banaskantha district - of Bukna, Ghada, Edarana, Ramun and Robas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880428", "title": "Court to state government: Was Singur Act necessary?", "text": "KOLKATA: Can the state government distinguish between landlosers in Singur? Or, was there any need to enact the Singur Land Development and Rehabilitation Act, 2011 when the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, provides for taking back the unutilized land?Some such questions came from the division bench of Justice P C Ghosh and Justice M K Choudhury to state advocate general Anindyogopal Mitra on Monday, while the bench was hearing the appeal petition against the trial court order.A lawyer pointed out that Tata Motors had already filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking transfer of the case in the apex court. The bench, however, continued with the hearing because it had no knowledge of any such move.It asked the AG to clarify why the Singur Act provided for two categories of farmers - unwilling and willing. The court also asked why the state went for a new law when the government could have taken back the land after Tata Motors shifted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878649", "title": "Varanasi: A victim of unplanned development", "text": "VARANASI: The city of Varanasi or Kashi is known by many names. Call it the permanent abode of Lord Shiva, the oldest living city, the city of temples, the city of serpentine lanes, scenic ghats, Buddhist pilgrimage spot, place for salvation, the cultural capital or the city of Banarasi sari and Banarasi paan. But, at present, it is a city of utter neglect and official apathy.Today if you try to take stock of any of pilgrimage or tourist spot or any unit of traditional occupation, you will definitely reach a conclusion that this holy place has been left to the mercy of the Almighty. Though what the voters of this historical city got or lost in the regime of chief minister Mayawati would become clear only after the opening of electronic voting machines on the counting day, the mood of voters-- especially in urban belt-- shows that the pattern of voting would be the same this time as well, based on the same communal and party lines, which is being followed for more than two decades.The fact cannot be denied that after forming government in the state with a comfortable majority in 2007, the Chief Minister ensured an impressive check on extortion trade run by the mafia gangs. But, the people who were on the target of such gangs were in hundreds while lakhs of common people wanted improvement in basic infrastructure, industry and a business-friendly atmosphere. Keeping fingers on the nerves of the locals, Mayawati also launched 28 ambitious projects in December 2008 for the overall development of the city. The projects were worth a total of Rs 800 crore.However, when these projects came on the floor by mid 2009, the sufferings of people increased instead of the opposite. Lack of proper planning and overlooking the instructions of state machinery as well as district administration by the working agencies resulted in nightmares on roads.Not only commuting remained a difficult task but even finding clean air to breath became impossible. What the bureaucrats continued admitting 'unofficially' was sufficient to reveal how the working agencies were given a free hand to spoil the city's atmosphere. Despite repeated recommendations for stern action against the officials of these agencies, no action was initiated nor was any change or improvement in their work culture visible.Regarding many of those projects like stormwater drainage (SWD) in cis-Varuna, trans-Varuna sewage project (TVSP), solid waste management (SWM) and railway overbridge (ROB) at Manduadih railway Crossing, the Congress claimed that all those projects were funded by the Union government under the programme like Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and others. Due to their political rivalries, the Mayawati government and Congress continued locking horns but the people of this city remained the worst sufferers.How the agencies, especially PWD, worked in this period was exposed when a principal secretary of state government instructed this agency to stop the work of flyover construction on Chowkaghat-Cantonment roadways bus depot road in 2011. Instead of ensuring availability of land for creating service lanes, the agency mentioned that the land would be acquired for this purpose despite the fact that it was impossible because there were railway lines and well-established commercial buildings along the project site. After completion of the first phase of works, in which a two-lane flyover was constructed on the eastern lane of the road, the project had to be stopped.Following the separation of Bhadohi and Chandauli districts from Varanasi, the size of rural belt in Varanasi district reduced.The big farmers started becoming small with increase in population and fast spread of urban belt on the outskirts. Due to which the farmers also started heading towards city for employment. But, the opportunities in the city or industrial belt also continued reducing in this period. The Ramnagar Industrial Association chairman RK Chowdhary says that many industries of this area are migrating to Bihar and Madhya Pradesh.Apart from Banarasi sari, black fans, hosiery, beads and wooden toys are made here. A sari manufacturer of Reori Talab claimed that the worst phase of sari industry was over only because of the personal efforts of weaver fraternity who started manufacturing dress materials and home furnishing materials instead of depending on sari only. Other cottage industries also suffered badly. Ajay Trivedi, black fan manufacturer and supplier, said \"those engaged in this trade are trying to revive it by making 'farrata' fans over which the Punjab-based manufacturers maintain a monopoly. But, it is not sufficient to generate employment for all those who have been associated with black fan industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11881314", "title": "UGDP to fight own alliance's candidate in Cortalim", "text": "MARGAO: Despite the alliance between the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) and the Goa Vikas Party (GVP), UGDP will field Ramakant Borkar from Cortalim where GVP's Nelly Rodrigues is also contesting.UGDP general secretary Anacleto Viegas told reporters in Margao on Monday that the party will field nine candidates in all, including Santosh Manjrekar in Pernem, Prakash Desai in Curchorem and Concessao Santan Dias in Curtorim.The NCP, till recently, had plans to field Borkar in Cortalim. This did not materialize as the seat went to the Congress in the alliance's seat-sharing exercise. While Viegas highlighted this \"injustice\" done to Borkar, Borkar criticized his former party for giving him false promises.Appealing to the public to vote for regional parties, Viegas hit out at national parties, in particular Trimanool Congress (TC), calling the TC's state president Wilfred de Souza an \"old cunning fox who will destroy Goa\".To queries if GVP was aware of the decision in Cortalim, Viegas said, \"I have been trying to call Mickky (Francisco Pacheco) and Lyndon Monteiro, but they haven't called me back.\"He added that he saw it as a friendly fight between the alliance in Cortalim and that in several other constituencies UGDP has not fielded candidates due to the alliance.Viegas said the Election Commission of India (ECI) has confirmed the allotment of the 'two leaves' symbol and that the ECI had issued an official letter to the chief electoral officer in Goa on the same.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881882", "title": "Temperature may again drop", "text": "KANPUR: The chill remained absent in the afternoon and evening on Monday. The rise in the mercury gave a humid start to the week. The maximum temperature on Monday was 24.5 degrees. The minimum temperature rose and was set at 7.9 degrees Celsius.The humidity was recorded at 66 per cent in the morning and 43 per cent in the afternoon.The weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology predicted development of the weather pattern after the 48 hours and the temperature may once again drop.\"The continuously fluctuating wind directions has from north easterlies to south easterlies is giving the signs of development of cyclonic conditions. This may decrease the temperature once again by a couple of notches. There have been a few disturbances in the weather pattern. The chill in the air may be felt in the days to come,\" CSA meteorologist CB Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11880977", "title": "SC indicts Gilani for contempt", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The political turmoil in Pakistan deepened on Monday with the supreme court indicting prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani for contempt of court for refusing to ask Swiss authorities to reopen graft cases against president Asif Ali Zardari .The verdict escalates the confrontation between the executive and the judiciary that could lead to Gilani's ouster from office. Reading out the two-page chargesheet, Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk , heading the seven-member bench, said the PM had \"willfully flouted, disregarded and disobeyed\" SC orders over re-opening the money-laundering cases against Zardari.Gilani pleaded not guilty and said he will defend himself . \"Do you accept the chargesheet ?\" Mulk asked Gilani. \"No,\" replied Gilani. \"I will reply to the chargesheet in writing. I will defend myself,\" the PM added. The clash has rocked the balance of power between Pakistan's fragile institutions -the army, the executive and the judiciary. The court ordered the attorney general to begin prosecution, giving him time until Thursday to file documents which the court will examine on February 22. It also directed Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan to submit the relevant documents for his client's defence before February 27.Gilani will defend the charges against him on February 28 when the court will take up the hearing, which is three days before the March 2 senate elections in which ruling PPP is expected to win a near-majority . Gilani was exempt from appearing in the court until further notice. The 25-minute hearing was conducted under strict security. Upon conviction , Gilani faces up to six months in jail and possible disqualification from holding any public office.PPP allies pledge support for PMLeaders of Pakistan's ruling coalition on Monday expressed \"complete solidarity\" with prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani, hours after he was indicted for contempt by the supreme court for refusing to reopen graft cases against the president. The Pakistan People's Party and its allies agreed to work together for \"continuation of the political and democratic process in the country\" , said a statement from the premier's office.PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879734", "title": "NBA slams cable operators\u2019 arbitrary action", "text": "NEW DELHI: The News Broadcasters Association (NBA) has condemned the \"frequent arbitrary action'' of cable operators switching off services without assigning any reason.In a statement the Association, said that the recently the audio of news channels was switched off in Punjab. \"Similarly, it is understood that a novel method was chosen to black out television news channels when electricity was switched off in Athani and Belgavi in Karnataka to ensure that the reporting of the incidents in Karnataka Assembly could not be telecast,'' NBA said.The apex association of news channels said that this was a attack on freedom of speech and expression. \"The NBA condemns such illegal and arbitrary actions by cable operators...'' adding that the government should take action against such cable operators and individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11881004", "title": "IMC demolishes encroachment at Alankar points", "text": "INDORE: Continuing its drive against illegal constructions in multi-storey buildings, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) on Monday demolished around illegal construction worth 4,000 square feet at Alankar Points. The corporation also imposed a penalty of Rs 20,000 from the builder.During the drive, the IMC removal officers demolished a top floor including two rooms and a hall. Twenty two shops in the basement were also demolished.Demolition officer Virendra Upadhaya said the IMC will continue to take action against the illegal constructions in multi-storey buildings.The civic body will have to submit an action taken report before the Supreme Court against the illegal construction in the multi-storey buildings. During the previous hearing, the civic body admitted that there were 79 buildings with illegal constructions but action could be taken only against half-a-dozen buildings. Next hearing is scheduled for the second week of March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880221", "title": "Fake candidate held", "text": "A dummy candidate who appeared for the Railway Recruitment Board exam for staff nurses on Sunday has been arrested by the Navghar police. Cops are looking for the actual candidate and the agent.Rahulkumar Choudhary (19) was appearing for the exam held at the Father Joseph school in Bhayander (east) in the name of Sunilkumar Sharma (20). The examination supervisor Virendra Kasotia (43) found Choudhary's appearance not matching with that of Sharma on the hall ticket. He was handed over to the Navghar police.Choudhary, a resident of Delhi told the police that he was given Rs 5,000 by an agent identified as Santoshkumar to appear for the exam. Choudhary said that he had met Sharma, a resident of Rajasthan, a few days before traveling to the city for the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11880114", "title": "HC reprieve for CBI on summons", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Monday disposed of the petition filed by Indra Bishnoi's mother Amri Devi, and ordered the CBI to summon all those who are required for questioning in the Bhanwari case through a written notice.The court overruled the petitioner's objection to summoning 'innocent' persons for interrogation, but also asked the agency to strictly adhere to the law while summoning anyone in the case. CBI counsel Panne Singh argued that at times those not directly involved in a case need to be summoned for interrogation and termed it an integral part of the investigation. At this, Justice Govind Mathur gave a green signal to the CBI to summon and question innocent persons or any family member of an accused.However, \"it must be followed by a written notice,\" the court ruled. Petitioner's counsel Sunil Joshi said, \"The court allowed us to go to any relevant court or commission as far as summoning of children and women are concerned. So, we are now planning to write to the Central Vigilance Commission.\"Meanwhile, in a separate petition filed by the counsel of Shahabuddin and Balia, currently under judicial custody, the high court issued notice to the CBI director seeking reply on March 16. Petitioners' counsel, Pradeep Choudhary, had challenged the order of the CBI court which had prohibited the availability of the statements of various accused, suspects and witnesses under Section 164 of Cr PC to anyone related to the case.The judicial custody of Sohan Lal Bishnoi, Shahabuddin and Kumbharam alias Balia was further extended till 5 March by the SC/ST court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880564", "title": "EC shifts officers from Gandhi turf", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a swift decision, the Election Commission ordered the transfer of six senior officials in the Gandhis' home turf of Rae Bareli and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar (CSM Nagar, Amethi) on Monday. Though the EC gave no clear reason for the sudden move, sources said the transfers were likely made following complaints by Congress.Rae Bareli's district magistrate Amrita Soni has been transferred to Sitapur, while Sitapur DM Ajay Kumar Shukla has been packed to Rae Bareli. Five other officials, the sub divisional magistrate, additional district magistrate and inspectors have been shifted to non-election duties.They are sub-divisional magistrate BL Saroj (Dalmau Rae Bareli), inspector Sudhakar Singh (Rae Bareli Sadar), ML Pandey, (additional district magistrate, Amethi), Anil Kumar Shahi, (station officer Mohanganj, Amethi) and Anand Bajpai, inspector Amethi Kotwari. The transfers allegedly came after a delegation of Congress leaders lodged a complaint with the EC on Saturday suggesting that officers in the district administration in the Gandhi bastion were harassing Congress workers at the behest of the ruling BSP.The delegation also complained that the district administration stalled permissions to Congress's meetings, particularly those of Priyanka Gandhi. Congress had also urged the EC to debar the BSP state president and minister in the Mayawati government Swami Prasad Maurya from visiting Rae Bareli and Amethi. Maurya's son is contesting election from Unchahar in Rae Bareli.The complaint was lodged after an officer in Rae Bareli reportedly stopped a motorbike rally led by Robert Vadra, Priyanka's husband. Pawan Kumar Sain, the IAS officer posted in Rae Bareli as poll observer, had stopped Vadra's rally had also been transferred by the EC last week. In an attempt to clarify its decision to transfer Sain, the EC had issued a notice saying: \"This decision has been baselessly linked to certain enforcement action taken by the particular officer in his capacity as an Election Observer in an incident involving Robert Vadra. The officer acted in accordance with the law and fully in conformity with the EC's instructions. The decision to post Sain in South Goa was in process for a week. Any different interpretation of the deployment of Sain would be completely wrong.\"Apart from officials in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the EC, on Monday, also transferred deputy inspector general of police, Meerut, Prem Prakash, considered close to Mayawati's brother. In addition, two officials of Bhadohi and a police officer each from Gautam Budh Nagar and Jaunpur were also transferred. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "male", "code": "11880845", "title": "Nasheed's party alleges victimization", "text": "MALE: Tension gripped Maldives political scene on Monday with lawmakers of Mohamed Nasheed's party alleging being threatened with terrorism charges by the new regime, after hundreds of supporters of the ousted president laid siege to the parliament . The MPs of the Maldivian Democratic Party said the new regime was threatening them in an effort to pressurize them.\"They have threatened that they will charge us all with terrorism charges,\" Maria Didi, MDP Member of Parliament and former Chairperson of the Party told reporters outside the People's Majlis ( Maldivian Parliament) late on Sunday.Maldives hails probe by CommonwealthMaldives' new regime formed by president Mohamed Waheed welcomed a Commonwealth decision to send a ministerial mission to look into the circumstances that led to Mohamed Nasheed's ouster, saying the government was transparent and open to any scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880368", "title": "Drainage not equipped to prevent another 26/7 deluge", "text": "Everyone who has memories of the July 26, 2005, floods or has heard stories of how over 200 people died in the deluge, should go out and vote on Thursday.In the last five years, the storm water department has spent over Rs 4000 crore, a major part of it on the Brimstowad project. Activists, however, claim the work is progressing at a very slow pace. Several drains have not been cleaned or desilted and widened according to the Chitale Committee's recommendations. Little wonder then that although two pumping stations, at Irla and Haji Ali, have been set up, several areas remain flooded during the rains. Due to technical difficulties at the Irla pumping station last monsoon, Juhu was flooded as usual.Anil Galgali, an activist from Kurla said work on Mithi river has not been completed. \"MMRDA and BMC have both attempted to widen and desilt the Mithi but it has not been completed. The retaining wall has not been constructed either and if the level of water rises, there will be another deluge-like situation in the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879487", "title": "Scolded by father, SSC student hangs himself", "text": "MUMBAI: An SSC student of a Juhu school hanged himself to death at his home on Monday after his father scolded him for not studying.Sunder Keswani (18), who stayed at Khajurwadi near Juhu Galli with his family, had failed to clear the SSC exams in spite of several attempts. His parents had been pressuring him to clear the exams this time round, and on Sunday night, his father scolded him for not concentrating on studies, said the police. A family member said on that night, Sunder did not act any differently. The next morning, after his father, who works as an auto driver, left for work, Sunder locked himself in a room. Around 9am, when Sunder's uncle did not get any response after knocking on the door, he removed a windowpane and found the boy hanging from the ceiling. He immediately called Sunder's father.The D N Nagar police have not found any suicide note in the house but they have ruled out foul play. they have registered an accidental death report.According to the police, Sunder was more interested in cricket than studies and his parents objected to it. \"He was under pressure to clear the exams and that led him to take adopt the drastic step\" said an officer.Psychiatrists said board examinees' families tended to be anxious during the exams, and the effect rubbed off on children. \"More than kids, families must understand the importance of staying calm,\" This hype surrounding the exam season is increasing,\" said Dr Harish Shetty.The police said Sunder's father did not beat him up. The body has been handed over to the family after a post mortem, which ruled out any injury on his body.(with inputs from Shreya Bhandary)Advisory for parents:* Be compassionate and loving around exam time; anger and humiliation should be deleted* Allow the student to do his/her best; don't set any target for your child* Ensure your child sleeps and eats well every day* Do not nag them with studies day in and out; recreation time is necessary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11881420", "title": "2,400 members quit Cong's Fatorda block", "text": "MARGAO: In an unprecedented show of solidarity, 800 members of the Fatorda Block Congress Committee, 1,300 from the block youth Congress committee and 300 from block Seva Dal committee, resigned from the primary membership of the party in protest against the denial of the party ticket to GPCC general secretary Vijai Sardesai, who too resigned from the Congress to contest as an independent.MMC councillor and Fatorda block Congress committee president Joseph Silva, block youth Congress committee president Yatin Phaldessai and block Seva Dal president Suresh Naik, while addressing mediapersons on Monday, condemned the party's decision and extended their wholehearted support to Sardesai whom they termed as the \"true people's candidate\" from Fatorda.Stating that they would not tolerate any injustice against Sardesai, Silva said, \"With the resignation of all these members en masse, there now exists no organization or frontal Awing of the Congress in Fatorda. Let the Congress high command and, in particular, the party general secretary, Oscar Fernandes, who is credited with supporting the Congress candidate M K Shaikh, come down to Fatorda to canvass for the non-entity Shaikh.\" Silva further spewed venom upon the Congress high command for \"endorsing family raj and rewarding ideological bankruptcy and ignoring merit\".\"The high command rewarded defectors from the BJP and family raj candidates in the first list and denied deserving candidates who were loyalists and had worked in the constituency for the last 10 years. We need to save Goa, in general, and Fatorda, in particular, from the machinations of the high command, which is not only corrupted to the core but has now openly involved in match fixing with the BJP to field weak candidates in lieu of similar support from the BJP in other constituencies,\" Silva said.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879365", "title": "Youth held for sodomy at Odhav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 22-year-old youth was nabbed by Odhav police on Monday for sodomizing a 13-year-old boy, his neighbour, on Sunday afternoon.According to police, Sandeep (name changed), a resident of Viratnagar in Odhav, was playing near his residence at 3 pm when Mahesh Vala, called him up to play games on his LCD television.\"At his house, Vala forced the boy to strip and sodomised him. When Sandeep started crying, he threatened to kill him and his family members if he tells about the incident to anybody. The incident came to light when Sandeep complained of pain. When a family member checked him, he was shocked to see that Sandeep was bleeding. He was then rushed to a private hospital where he told about the incident,\" said an Odhav police official.Vala has been arrested under section 377 of the IPC. \"He is being questioned about his acts in the past,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11879975", "title": "Payyoli tense as BJP worker dies of injuries", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Tension prevailed in Payyoli on Monday following the death of P T Manoj (40) a BJP worker who was allegedly attacked by a group of CPM activists on Sunday night. Manoj succumbed to his injuries at Kozhikode medical college hospital, here on Monday morning.According to eye witnesses Manoj, an auto driver and secretary of the town unit of the BMS, was hacked by a group of 15 assailants around 9pm on Sunday in front of his house. Neighbours reached the spot and took Manoj to the hospital.Manoj is survived by his wife Pushpa and children Arya and Nanda. According to the police, the assailants had destroyed the home appliances in Manoj's house. The BJP observed a hartal at Payyoli to protest against the attack. Skirmishes continued on Monday following the death of Manoj, who was the BJP candidate from the 19th ward of Payyoli panchayat in the last local body elections.A CPM office at Payyoli town was set afire by a group. The police have started investigations into the involvement of BJP activists in the incident, police said. The house of Kamalam, a native of Payyoli, was also attacked on Monday.Police personnel are camping in the region to control tension. According to police, they are investigating into the political affiliations of the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883905", "title": "Google's Valentine's day doodle has a love story", "text": "Google's Doodle is here to wish Netizens Happy Valentine's Day! The Doodle today is a short animated love story of a boy trying to woo a girl. Giving background track to the story is Tony Bennett's rendition of Hank Williams' ballad Cold, Cold Heart.On opening the Google homepage, users are greeted by a small boy holding a card. Hover over the Doodle and comes the message, \"Happy Valentine's Day! 'Cold, Cold Heart' performed by Tony Bennett courtesy of Columbia Records and Sony/ATV.\"A click on the play button, starts the loves story in which the boy tries various ways to win his girl's heart who is shown skipping. Helping him in his endeavour is Google, as he is shown Googling seemingly to find tricks too woo her. He tries it through numerous gifts like flowers, chocolates etc. However, fails. Finally, he joins her in skipping, and succeeds in melting her heart.As the video ends, users are redirected to a page carrying Valentine's Day related links.Celebrated on 14th February, Valentine's Day honours saint Valentine who secretly performed marriages of young Roman soldiers during the reign of Claudius II, who believed that unmarried men made better soldiers. While there are several versions of Valentine's Day tale, this one is most accepted.Google Doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first Google Doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival. Google currently has over 1000 Doodles.Google recently revamped its Doodle which site features over 1,000 doodles, some of which include a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process and links to the interactive versions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879606", "title": "Guv &amp; CM to join Prez workshop", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed and chief minister Arjun Munda along with other officials from the state will participate in a daylong workshop on agriculture to be organized at Rashtrapati Bhawan on Wednesday.The workshop will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and President Pratibha Patil will give concluding remarks. The workshop has four technical sessions, including one on farmer industry partnership.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said the workshop will focus on sustainable development through agriculture and linking agriculture to industries. Agricultural experts from all over the country will also share their experience on methods to improve output with limited means available at the disposal of farmers.The vice-chancellor of Birsa Agriculture University, Ranchi, will also take part in the workshop and share his experience and technological advancement made by the university in field of crop production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11881959", "title": "Police must issue summons in writing: HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday ruled that \"the police have no power to require a person to appear in the police station as a routine measure, without issuing summons for such appearance.\" The judge clearly stated that \"on a cumulative reading of the provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure, it is evident that the police have no authority to summon a person without issuing a notice in writing.\"Justice K K Sasidharan made these observations while disposing a petition filed by Safurnissa who alleged that her husband, Sulaiman Sait was frequently directed to appear before the police without issuing notice, in the name of enquiry. They alleged that the police was ill-treating them during the course of investigation into the case of pipe bomb targeting BJP leader L K Advani.\"There is no dispute that the accused should not be permitted to avoid prosecution. However, under the guise of investigation, innocent persons should never be subjected to unnecessarily restraint or ill-treatment. The police have every right to require the attendance of a person, who according to them, would be in a position to give information with respect to a case under investigation,\" Justice Sasidharan said. He added that as per Section 160 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973, while conferring power on the police to summon a person, equally enjoins the police a duty to see that no person is ordered to appear before the police station without a summons. There should be proper records to show that a person was summoned to the police station in connection with a particular case or incident. The failure on the part of the police to maintain records alone gives them opportunity to use third degree methods and in the event of death during such custody or during the course of investigation, to destroy evidence and to escape from possible legal action.\"Policemen are also public servants. The fact that they are invested with certain powers under the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 does not mean that they are all above the law. They cannot expect people to abide by laws, unless they themselves act in accordance with the Code of Criminal Procedure and other relevant enactments,\" he added.Justice Sasidharan pointed out that in case of arrest, the SC has given 11 directions to be followed by the police scrupulously. Hence, the police have to follow detailed guidelines while carrying out an arrest and handling the interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880191", "title": "Cops foil robbery", "text": "The V P Road police foiled a robbery at a petrol pump in Charni Road by nabbing four men who, armed with a country-made revolver and two knives, were planning to attack the place. tnnVP road police said, the four Tapjul Sheikh (20), Yakub Sheikh (20), Mohammad Yusuf Sheikh (28) and Immamul Sheikh (34), were arrested around 12.40am on Monday for attempting a dacoity at a petrol pump of Mumbai Petrol Supply Company. One is absconding\"We have recovered a loaded revolver, four live rounds, 6 \u00bd meter rope, and a gunny bag from them.They have been remanded by court in our custody till February 17.\" said, senior police inspector Rajendra Chavan of the VP Road police station.\"Acting on tip off received by inspector Desai, we laid a trap and arrested them. The four accused hail from Jharkhand and stayed on rent in Sanpada, Navi Mumbai. Their modus operandi is to commit a crime and then decamp to their original states.\" said, sub inspector, Raju Surve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11880931", "title": "Doctor on a drive to restore the poor man's health", "text": "COIMBATORE: P Sivaprakasam's story is not just one of rags to riches but rather a fitting example of devotion and dedication towards the improvement of the less fortunate. A resident medical officer (RMO) at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital, he was born to a family of coolie weavers. He had to struggle hard to become a doctor, spending long hours of study by a kerosene lamp. Having achieved success and financial stability, he belongs to that rare species that selflessly helps the down-trodden.He had opened a clinic in his hometown of Idappadi, in Salem district, where treatment was free for the poor. \"I have served the needy from 1979 to 1984 in this clinic. Treatment was free for about 20% of the people. I was warmly treated in my hometown,\" says Dr Sivaprakasam.\"He is a man who never hesitates to help during a crisis. Because of his motivation and guidance, we have buried 1,450 unclaimed dead bodies since 2004,\" says P Shanthakumar of Thozhar Trust. Dr Sivaprakasam says, \"Recently I have started attending meetings in colleges and schools to raise awareness about body donation, blood donation and eye donation. I have managed to convince many to donate their organs for a valuable cause.\"As RMO, Dr Sivaprakasam was the nodal medical officer when Coimbatore was swamped with H1N1 cases in April-May 2009. \"My greatest achievement was to open two permanent wards to treat these cases at CMCH. I treated more than 1,000 cases of the flu without any hesitation,\" Sivaprakasam told The Times of India.\"It is a round the clock job. I am here in my seat at 7.30am and leave by 5pm. My duties are mostly that of an administrator, but I make many decisions that assist the poor. If there is a need for me when I am at home, I invariably make the 10-minute trip to the hospital,\" he said.Sivaprakasam was born in a large family. His parents K P Palaniappan Bhaktar and A Angammal are from the inland fishermen community. He was the seventh of eight children which included three brothers and four sisters. All of them were daily wage labourers. \"I enjoyed my schooling at Board High School, Idappadi, but I had to work as a weaver like the rest of my siblings in the morning and after school to make ends meet,\" he said.\"When I topped the school scoring 85%, I was able to get into a good college, the Bishop Heber College in Tiruchi. I took Biology as an elective in school and that's when I first started dreaming of becoming a doctor. Since I was the first graduate in my family, I had no role-models growing up,\" he said. He joined Stanley Medical College in 1972. \"All through my college years, I was on scholarship that paid for tuition and mess fees. Although I borrowed from my community association, I paid back that amount when I started working,\" said Sivaprakasam.In 1994, Sivaprakasam went back to Stanley to do a PG diploma in anaesthesiology. \"It's a challenging branch of study. I have to be alert and sharp. I used to make it a point to meet all my patients before surgery at the ESI Hospital, where I worked for 10 years,\" he said.Sivaprakasam married in 1980 and has two children. His wife is a homemaker. He joined government service in 1986. His top priority now is to make CMCH a cleaner place. Dr T P Kalanidhi, the former dean of the hospital says, \"I have observed him at close quarters as teacher, doctor and a person with good inter-personal skills. He is the perfect fit for an RMO. He will be successful in anything he takes up\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880029", "title": "Hooligans in MNS, not in NCP: Bhujbal", "text": "NASHIK: The district guardian minister, Chhagan Bhujbal, on Monday came down heavily on Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray and said hooligans and externed people existed not in his party but in the MNS.Bhujbal's repartee to Raj's comment came while addressing an election meeting at Kapurthala in Panchavati. On Sunday, Raj had said the NCP was supporting hooliganism.He challenged Raj to contest the Lok Sabha election from Nashik and win it if he had the courage to defeat Sameer Bhujbal. Bhujbal said that he had established a five-star educational institution unlike Raj, who was constructing five-star towers.Bhujbal also accused the Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party of mismanaging the affairs of the corporation and said the Congress-NCP alliance at the Centre and the state can provide good governance to municipal corporation and zilla parishad. He said the ruling Sena-BJP combine had neglected Nashik's development.Bhujbal said that the Congress-NCP alliance was able to complete the projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) by December 2011 but the ruling combine failed to even finish 50 per cent of it. \"They could not even construct 2,000 homes out of the 16,000 for two lakh slum dwellers,\" he said.He expressed confidence of winning the civic polls and assured the people that the Congress-NCP combine will develop Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880938", "title": "City security up after Delhi blast", "text": "CHENNAI: The police have increased security in the city following a blast in an Israeli diplomat's car near Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's house in Delhi. Police sources said all the embassies in the city have been asked to be on guard.\"We have also increased security near the residences of diplomats,\" said a police officer. Armed policemen are guarding all major hotels , airports, railway stations and other public places.The intelligence wing and the bomb detection and disposal squad have also been put on high alert. The police have also intensified vehicle check. \"We have also asked the National Security Guard stationed in Chennai to be prepared for any untoward incident,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11879736", "title": "SAI camp to pick talent for residential training", "text": "RANCHI: Enthused over the response to the 34th National Games, officials of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) at the Special Area Games Centre (SAGC) in Ranchi are hopeful of getting talented sportspersons during the two-day selection trial that began on Monday. The SAG centre has invited applications from budding talents in the age group 14-16 years for its residential training scheme in archery, athletics, football , hockey and volleyball, in which around 90 candidates in different age groups are to be inducted.Hockey has the maximum number of vacancies, in which 52 candidates, including 19 boys, are to be inducted. It was because of lack of accommodation facilities that the the organisers wanted outstation players. Hockey coach SK Mohanty said the SAI centre has a sanctioned strength of 25 boys and girls each in the age group of 14-16 years, whereas the training centre at Bariatu Girls' School, providing residential coaching to girls, has a sanctioned strength of 25 seats.\"We are planning to fill up the vacancies during the selection trial provided deserving and talented children turn up,\" he said.On the first day of the trial, around 50 boys and 10 girls appeared for the selection responding to which Mohanty said that though the number of applications were encouraging the talent that SAI is looking for is missing. \"We are hopeful of getting more entries on Tuesday in which better talent from far-flung districts are likely to participate.In archery, four boys and four girls will get a chance, whereas in football, eight players will be chosen. Athletic coach Binod Kumar Singh said the sanctioned strength is 20, out of which only nine players are in place. \"During the selection trial, we may go for weeding out players on the basis of performance and then over 11 players will be inducted,\" he said.SAI has often found dearth of girl athletes and has plans to induct deserving boys against the vacancies if they fail to obtain sufficient entries. In volleyball, training is available for the girls only and SAI plans to admit eight new players.State coordinator SAI S K Verma in a note has informed that players having represented the state at the national-level or having shown good performance in championships organized by Kendriya Vidyalaya, CBSE, confederation of public schools or any other event of repute will be considered for direct selection.Players selected for the residential scheme will be entitled for free boarding and lodging at the rate of Rs 125 per day for 330 days. They will also get a sports kit worth Rs 4,000 once every year. Competitive exposure worth Rs 3,000 per year and educational expenses at the rate of Rs 1,000 per head per annum is admissible. Apart from these, selected players will get medical expenses of Rs 300 per head per annum and entitled for medical insurance at the rate of Rs 150 per head per annum.Children have been directed to come up with personal kit, duly attested birth certificates, three copies of passport size photographs and performance certificates at the Birsa Munda stadium in Morhabadi at 9 am on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11878931", "title": "\u2018Trans-Yamuna would be developed as industrial area\u2019", "text": "National general secretary of Samajwadi Party and MP Reoti Raman Singh conducted public meeting at Kaithi, Lahbara and Okorah in trans-Yamuna areas on Monday. He observed that trans-Yamuna would be developed as industrial area.For this, barren land would be taken from the consent of the farmers and factories would be set up. This would ensure generation of employment for the youths. He also laid emphasis that setting up of factories would generate employment for the unemployed youths of the region.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11881299", "title": "Six-cornered fight in Digambar's Margao", "text": "MARGAO: By the end of the last day for filing of nominations on Monday, five candidates have filed their nominations to contest against chief minister Digambar Kamat in his home constituency, Margao.These include Rupesh Mahatme of the BJP, Savio Coutinho fielded by the Trinamool Congress and Abdulmatin Daud Carol, who is contesting on the Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI).Coutinho and Cedric D'Costa have filed their nominations as independents. Speaking to mediapersons, all the candidates blamed the chief minister for failing to carry out any development in Margao and stressed the need to bring about a change.Mahatme, who opened his election office on Monday, refuted suggestions that the BJP has fielded a weak candidate as a part of some deal, and exuded confidence that he would defeat the chief minister with a handsome margin. Coutinho, speaking to reporters, said that Kamat's defeat was a \"foregone conclusion\" as people were determined to usher in a change.However, the entry of businessman Ivo Coutinho into the fray has caught many by surprise. He said that the lack of proper development in Margao prompted him to contest the polls. Coutinho, sources said, has a good social standing, and may garner sizeable votes from the affluent class of the society. Sources said that Coutinho also enjoys the backing of Janata Dal (U), which has fielded its own candidates in several constituencies.Carol, who is backed by the Popular Front of India, is banking on the Muslim community from Margao.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882904", "title": "Sex, scams &amp; MMS: BJP\r 's riches of embarrassment", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bharatiya Janata Party's first tryst with power south of the Vindhyas is turning out to be a scandal sheet of sorts. Eleven ministers, including a chief minister, have quit in the wake of allegations of involvement in rape to corruption to land scams to watching seedy MMS clips on the floor of the assembly.The penchant of the BJP men to be caught in the act appears jarring given not only the party's insistence to speak from a moral high ground on several issues but also its explicit efforts to inculcate moral lessons among its leaders.Several sessions held for BJP leaders, including at IIM-B, Suttur mutt and holiday resorts, seem to have come to a nought. Besides, the party also focused as much on being good as also appearing to be good. In fact, senior party leader Arun Jaitley in one recent such session spoke extensively on the media and its increasing sting operations. He explained to the party leaders on how important it is for them to avoid getting caught given the kind of sting devices like cameras in pens and shirt buttons.The party with a difference is now red-faced as the alleged misdemeanor of its then ministers Laxman V Savadi and CC Patil watching porn clips on colleague J Krishna Palemar's mobile has made it to global headlines.Jaitley is said to have expressed his unhappiness, stating how the state party leaders had been caught in the act despite his repeated insistence that image building and personality development should be their prime focus. The MMS embarrassment has not spared anyone.Former CM B S Yeddyurappa, who was scheduled to visit couple of districts, postponed the event. The state executive meet which was to be held in Mangalore this month-end, has been rescheduled to Bangalore.\"It has been a long struggle to the top. Forty years of struggle led us to power. Everyone was happy in the beginning, but today all most all national leaders are embarrassed as Karnataka is used as ammunition by the Congress to attack the BJP,\" an influential RSS leader said.When contacted, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda declined to comment and said he will not speak as the matter as it is before the Speaker. \"It is a sad development and has affected me both physically and emotionally,\" he said.FRESH LESSONS IN MORALITYThe saffron party that once prided itself to be the custodian of morality in Indian politics is now out to retrieve the lost moral ground. The ruling BJP has scheduled a two-day workshop on February 25 and 26 mainly focusing on those who have come to the party in recent times.RSS leaders M C Jayadev, Justice M Rama Jois and K R Narahari and Swadeshi Jagaran Manch's S Gurumurthy are likely to give moral education classes to all the legislators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881233", "title": "Two minors rescued from trafficking", "text": "PANAJI: Two minor girls who were trafficked from Orissa to work at a holiday home at Candolim were rescued by the Calangute police on Sunday. The owner of the holiday home who hired the minors has been arrested by the police.Centre Coordinator, Child Line complained to the Calangute police that between Feburary 2 and Feburary 12, Perpetual D'Souza, 64, the proprietor of Per Avel beach holiday home at Dando, Candolim, employed a 10-year-old girl from Orissa, as a maid at her holiday home and assaulted the victim girl with slaps. The Calangute police rescued the minor on Sunday evening and arrested D'Souza under the Goa Children's Act, 2003.During the inquiry, it was revealed that the accused had also kept a 13-year-old girl at his residence at Porvorim as a maid. The Porvorim police were informed about the same and they rescued the girl. Both the minor victims have been admitted to Apna Ghar at Merces.The police said the girls were brought from Orissa to Goa on February 2. \"We are now trying to trace the source who trafficked the girls to Goa\", said the police.The police will also record the victims' statement in the presence of a psychiatrist and a child activist. \"We have also sent them to the GMC for medical examination and age determination test\", the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881325", "title": "Another 220 candidates enter poll fray", "text": "PANAJI: Two hundred and twenty candidates filed nominations on Monday for contesting the assembly elections on March 3.Among those who filed their nominations was Vijai Sardessai (independent) for Fatorda, Armindo Braganza (independent) for Mapusa, Tulio D'Souza (independent) and Trajano D'Mello (independent) for Saligao, Naresh Sawal (independent) for Bicholim and Ashley Gomes (independent) for Calangute. Monday also saw a new political entity, the North-India based Jai Mahabharat Party enter its candidates into the poll fray.The party's candidates are Abhijit Dhargalkar in Siolim, Pramod Naik in Cumbharjua, and Gopal Chodankar in Mormugao. In Vasco, former MLA Giovanni Karl Vaz filed his nomination as an independent candidate, while John Fernandes filed his nomination as a Trinamool Congress candidate in Benaulim. Fernandes had lost to Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco by 300-odd votes in the 2007 elections.Quepem constituency saw two Prakash Velips file their nominations. While Prakash A Velip filed his nomination as an MGP candidate, Prakash S Velip filed his nomination as an independent candidate.Significantly, both belong to the scheduled tribe (ST) community and had been at the forefront of the ST agitation on May 25, 2011, at Balli, where two tribal youth were killed. Prakash A Velip was chief minister Digambar Kamat's personal assistant before joining the MGP.Arjun Salgaocar, son of MLA Anil Salgaocar, filed his nomination as an independent candidate for Sanvordem constituency, while Roy Naik, son of home minister Ravi Naik, filed his nomination as an independent candidate for Mayem. For the Porvorim constituency, Gupesh Narvekar filed his nomination as a Trinamool Congress candidate, while Rohan Khaunte filed his nomination as an independent candidate.So far, 375 candidates have filed nominations.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11880719", "title": "Book Palemar if mobile belongs to him: Khader", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore MLA UT Khader said that a case should be booked against former minister J Krishna Palemar, if the mobile in which former ministers Laxman Savadi and CC Patil were watching the porn clip in Vidhana Soudha, belonged to him. \"The Speaker should take action against those ministers, who violated the sanctity of the House,\" Khader said, and added that action should also be taken against Palemar, if allegations against him were proved before the committee.\"Palemar was not sitting next to Savadi and Patil when they were watching the clip.While an MLA from Uttara Kannada was speaking about a local issue, MLAs Angara and Palemar were sitting in another place. I went and spoke to Palemar about development issues in my constituency. I showed him pictures of bad roads stored in my mobile. Later, while changing photos on my screen, I showed him snaps of my daughter as well. Then we had a chat about my daughter,\"Khader said, justifying that Palemar was sitting with him during the assembly, and not watching porn with the other MLAs.\"I am not sure whether the mobile belonged to Palemar or not. If it was Palemar's mobile, then action should be taken against him too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881178", "title": "Are the police right in playing spoilsport with regard to parties in the state?", "text": "PANAJI: It's unfair to those people who plan occasions without alcohol and spend so much in organizing the occasion. More so, if they have adhered to the code of conduct. The police should not have played spoiled sport. The police should let those who follow the rules be.Gavin CarvalhoEntertainer, MargaoI think it is wrong to restrict a party per se. The event is the responsibility of those who organize it, and I feel the government or any other organization should not interfere. The ones who are going about curbing the same, are portraying selfishness.Meenal BaleStudent, PorvorimI think it is not right. The police are doing this to put up a pretence of efficiency. They need to do proper background checks before forcing people to shut down. However, election time is a sensitive time and restaurants are bound to suffer losses. People have to make a few compromises during that time. However, that does not mean that the police should take advantage of their position.Jai JoshiService, PondaThe police took the right decision. It is important to keep things under control during elections. It is difficult to ascertain which enterprises are selling alcohol and which do not. For instance, it is a known fact that drugs were sold at a recent music festival despite claims that they were not. People have to make certain compromises, especially during elections.Roderick MonteiroStudent, PanajiAssembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879376", "title": "Teacher falls into manhole in Khokhra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A lecturer at K K Shastri Commerce College in Khokhra fell in a dug-up manhole with his bike on Monday afternoon and sustained severe back injuries. More than 100 papers of the recently concluded term exam of his class also got damaged in the incident.According to local residents, Dharmesh Rana, a lecturer at KK Shastri Commerce College, was going to the college on Monday with a bunch of answersheets written by the students when he got stuck in a traffic jam near Gayatri Dairy at 12.15 pm.\"Soon, he was hit by an autorickshaw from behind. He plunged into a 10-feet deep pit dug-up by the municipal corporation along with his bike. He sustained severe back injuries and was rushed to LG Hospital where it was diagnosed that his spinal cord has been damaged. We believe that the area was not covered properly to prevent such accidents,\" said Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi.TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11881141", "title": "Seniors vs juniors: The spurious debate", "text": "The Indian cricket team and its performance do not make for pleasant conversation nowadays and it is understandable that fans are angry and looking for scapegoats. It is another matter of course that anger seems to be a defining emotion when it comes to Indian cricket, with venom being poured on individual players not seen to be 'doing their best for Team India' even when India is winning, and cricketers celebrating achievements with exaggerated displays of anger, but this time around the ire is entirely understandable. The team has got decimated, and seems unwilling to put up a fight. As many have pointed out, defeat just doesn't seem to hurt enough and that hurts.The policy of rotating the team and ensuring that 'youngsters' get to keep playing in the interests of building a team for the future seems, on the face of it, much to commend it. The accepted wisdom is that the Indian team finds it difficult to make room for younger blood, and senior players can take their own time in deciding to fade away into the sunset. Without giving enough opportunity to build new talent, it is clear that Indian cricket will face even greater challenges in the years to come.So far, so good. The problem is that the framing of the issue in terms of seniors and juniors is spurious, particularly when it comes to batsmen in ODIs. The so-called youngsters are anything but; when measured in terms of matches played and the number of opportunities received to play in the last few seasons.For instance, Raina has 137 caps, Kohli has 76, and Rohit Sharma has 74. In the same ball park are 'youngsters' like Kevin Pietersen (123), Hashim Amla (54), Dale Steyn (60) and Jonathan Trott (40). Now it is difficult to imagine these names being referred to as 'juniors' by any stretch of imagination. Nor is it true that in recent times, the older players have denied the juniors enough opportunity to play. Over the 2010 and 2011 seasons, Raina has played 53 games, Kohli 59 and Sharma 31 - contrast this with the seniors - Sachin with 13 games, Sehwag 24 and Gambhir 33. In terms of performance, most have done well; Sachin with an average of close to 55 tops the charts, and most of the others hover around the 45 mark, with Raina the only straggler at about 34.None of the arguments proffered that there are young players who are being made to wait without enough opportunities, or that the jaded seniors are a drag on the team or even that the players in questioned can at all be labelled 'juniors', hold up to scrutiny. When it comes to Test matches, the story is admittedly a little different, butcertainly not when we discuss the shorter forms of the game. If the batsmen under discussion included people like Manoj Tewari or Rahane, the question of giving the younger players more opportunity might have come into play, but not when we talk of Messrs. Raina, Sharma &amp; Kohli. Quite simply, there is little to choose between the players going by recent form, and it would make sense to pick whatever seems like the best team on the day without an overarching objective. The tendency to locate any issue in a larger emotive frame is clearly at work here. By seeing this as a question involving a choice between older, established and more powerful names and younger, fitter, determined but more put upon younger players emotionalizes the issue, giving it darker tones and making a conspiracy seem nigh. The seniors versus juniors trope is a familiar one; going through frequent ups and downs, without missing a beat in terms of emotional intensity.This is a common pattern; explanations are commonly sought using frames that use sentiment in manners that are overwrought. Tendulkar in particular invites this kind of speculation all the time. His 100th century is seen as a national monument, worth more than any Indian victory by some and by others as the reason for the dismal performance of the Indian team. In both cases, the logic, such as it is, is presumptive. As Mukul Kesavan has so persuasively argued, the hundredth century is a meaningless milestone for it brackets two very different kinds of achievement into a single arbitrary frame, and the argument that Tendulkar's quest for this milestone has come in the way of the entire team is just plain silly. It is we who see every Tendulkar 40 as a missed hundred; in any case if all he wants is to score a century, surely that cannot be bad for the team. And if he does fall closer to the number because of anxiety, remember that the difference between a 99 and a 100 is only one run for the team; the catastrophe that is experienced by all of us is entirely because of the symbolic magic of three figures.The trouble with the way cricket is played today is that it seems to exist to create unhappiness. We do not savour our victories enough; who remembers the World Cup win last year? It is worth recalling that for almost three decades we made do with recycled images of the 1983 win to such an extent that every ball bowled in the key games is now permanently etched in our collective memory. Yet, one would be hard put to recall anything of note in a victory that took place less than a year ago. When it comes to the shorter forms of the game , there is no great crisis to overcome, no conspiracy to battle; just the wonderful ability of sport to surprise us with its unpredictability. Deep breaths, people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11879629", "title": "Contract worker dies in mishap at ESL plant", "text": "BOKARO: A contract worker died in an accident at an under-construction title iron pipe plant of ElectroSteel Limited (ESL) of Chandankyari block in Bokaro on Monday.This was the second incident in a span of four days, when a contract worker died in accident at the ESL plant. Following the incident, the workers staged a demonstration demanding job and compensation for the kin of the deceased from the management.They were pacified after ESL officials assured them to provide Rs 5 lakh compensation and other benefits to the members of the deceased's family.The deceased, identified as R Ansari, was a resident of Mahuada of Dhanbad district. According to ESL sources, Ansari was doing a painting work at a height of 50 feet, when he accidentally fell down and died on the spot. Other workers soon raised an alarm, following which officials rushed to the spot.ESL joint general manager C P Pandey said compensation has been provided to the kin of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11879364", "title": "Forester turns film-maker to capture tribal art", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In his pursuit of tribal art promotion, Sanjeev Kumar , a forest conservator and an artist at heart, has produced a documentary film to conserve and promote the traditional folk paintings of the state.The 40-minute documentary, which was shot at authentic locations, gives an insight into folk paintings, which are on the verge of extinction, life of artists and their struggle to keep afloat.The film has explored the village, the background and differences of artistic genre, its repertoire and painting techniques, historical and mythological origins and the region's environment.\"Basically, the documentary is a commentary on the origin of folk paintings, its growth and struggle to keep pace with modern times,\" said Kumar.The film, directed by Mithun Parmanik, is a follow up of the revival of ancient traditional folk painters and their artwork. The film has depicted the folk artists of different parts of the state (shorai and khovar) of Hazaribag, Pytkar paintings of Amadubi, Singhbhum and Jadopatia paintings of Dumka.\"The film also covers the Patachitra artists of Midnapore (Bengal), a region to which the ancestor of chitrakar families and the traditions of Amadubi and Dumka belong,\" said Kumar, who earned two successive Livelihood awards from the state industry department in 2009 and 2010 for the promotion of the art of developing tussar silk among tribals in Dhanbad, where he was earlier posted as divisional forest officer.The conceptual stylization and audio-visual treatment of the film, which took about nine months to complete, have three different approaches: thematic, technical and aesthetic, with the three interacting with one another.\"It's a well-documented film, which has been shot on authentic locations comprising numerous artworks and a lot of interviews with traditional folk artists and experts,\" said Kumar, who has planned to screen the documentary later this month in Jamshedpur, Ranchi and Dhanbad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878613", "title": "Khan pours scorn over BJP-SS", "text": "NAGPUR: The new alliance of Congress-Nationalist Congress Party- Lokmanch and RPI would hoist its flag on Nagpur Municipal Corporation in forthcoming elections and next mayor will be from Congress, asserted senior Congress leader and minister for textiles and minorities development Naseem Khan.Khan was in city to campaign for Congress candidates, especially those contesting from minority dominated areas. Along with member of parliament Vilas Muttemwar and MLA Deenanath Padole and minister Nitin Raut, Khan participated in padayatra in six prabhags of Bhaldarpura, Gandhibagh, Hasanbagh, Dighori, Tajbagh, Teka, Garib Nawaz Nagar, Nayi Basti and Satranjipura on Monday.Addressing media afterwards, Khan said that in the last five years the Bharatiya Janata Party-Shiv Sena alliance had spoilt all good work done by Congress-NCP. He strongly opposed the 24X7 water supply project. He said, \"The project is being implemented in the posh localities of west Nagpur. People are using water for washing car and gardening while people residing in slums are still dependent on water through tankers. If elected to power, Congress will streamline the project and provide equitable supply in all localities.\"\"Nagpurians have suffered a lot in the last five years of BJP rule in NMC. Roads are in pathetic condition, city is looking like a dumping ground, and there are several irregularities in 24X7 water supply scheme, city buses and corruption in awarding every contract. People are fed up and this time around they will vote for Congress-led alliance,\" he said. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had already assured an inquiry into the Starbus, 24X7 contract, he added. We would also inquire into Shiv Sena-ruled Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) as well, said Khan.The minister announced that in the recently announced textile policy, state government was committed to bring investment worth Rs 40,000 crore for Vidarbha region alone. This would create jobs for almost 10,000 persons soon. The policy would also benefit handloom and powerloom industry in Vidarbha, he stated.Minister for EGS, Nitin Raut charged BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi for mismanaging the NMC. He said, \"During Cong-NCP rule in 2007, Nagpur was ranked among Top-10 cities. We lost the rank and as per recent India Today survey we are not in even Top 25 cities due to mismanagement and corruption of BJP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879709", "title": "Old City stays \u2018congested\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The municipal administration and urban development (MAUD) wing of the state government has struck down the demand of developers to declare Old City areas as `non-congested' zones.A gazette notification issued by the department last week (final step before issuing a government order), shows that it has retained the specifications laid down by GO 86 (issued in 2006), which had earmarked a good chunk of the Old City as `congested'. The various localities that were listed under this head include Noorkhan Bazaar, Sultanpura, Purani Haveli, Moghulpura, Goshamahal, Fateh Darwaza, Yakutpura, among others.Ruing this move of the government, builders operating in that part of town said that the decision would further stunt the realty growth of asal Hyderabad and also make way for more unauthorised constructions.\"The 'congested' tag restricts the height of residential buildings to just 10 metres. In that case, the Old City is unlikely to have high-rises in the future. Those built will be done unlawfully,\" said Vishal Doshi, director, Abode Shelters Pvt Ltd, who had his hopes pinned on this order. But while the government's decision has left builders here miffed, city architects have no complains. Instead, they support the move and say how de-congesting Old City would only lead to further chaos.MAUD officials could not be reached for a comment despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878972", "title": "Election campaign business remains dull", "text": "NAGPUR: As candidates change their strategy, traders hoping for cash bells to ring during the run up to the civic polls have been left disappointed. As campaigning remains a low-key affair it is reflected on the shops selling the propaganda material too, with the turnover reported to be less than half of what was clocked in the previous municipal elections in 2007.This time around, candidates are not that interested in direct campaigning through processions and rallies. Since the statement of expenditure has to be submitted to the election commission, candidates now prefer to cut down on buying the material as it cannot escape the regulator's eye.\"Money is being secretly spent on prospective voters in the form of feasts, booze parties and even picnics to conceal poll expenses. Some believe in directly meeting voters in small groups,\" say sources among the political grass roots workers. This is evident from the poor sale of election material and a dip in business of service providers for poll propaganda.Businessmen, rickshaw drivers, craftsmen and small time artists who pen scripts and jingles look forward to elections as a means to earn money from candidates and political parties. Shops selling election material at Walkers Street, Itwari wore a deserted look.\"After doing good business in the Zilla Parishad elections, the same was expected from the NMC polls. However, I am sitting on a stock worth more than Rs 40 lakh with not even one-fourth of it sold,\" says Nilesh Nashikkar of M/s Sonal Enterprises. He pegs the total material procured by all traders at over Rs 1.5 crore.Nashikkar, who admitted that traditional canvassing is no longer a priority, said only a week's time available for campaigning is also one of the reasons for the low sales. Symbols were issued on February 6 with campaigning to end on February 14. It needs time to make tailor-made material like banners and badges, he said.Strangely a large number of candidates, especially the independents, are not confident of winning. Such elements are only keen to pocket the funding received from their patrons rather than spending it on canvassing, he added.There was a similar situation at the M/s Gandhi Enterprises, who agreed that the buyers were conspicuous by their absence. Firozbhai of Hafeez Orchestra provides sound systems. \"Loudspeakers have become old-fashioned these days,\" he says sarcastically.\"We record the scripts to be played. There are artists who sing or lend their voice for a few thousands but the business is not on expected lines,\" he said.\"Those who write jingles or remix lyrics with film songs, do it for a few hundreds,\" added Sharique Ansari who is also in the same business. They are small time poets, mainly from Mominpura and Kamptee, he added.One of the candidates contesting from one of the wards in West Nagpur has hired an advertisement agency which has made a CD showcasing his work in the ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11880943", "title": "'Osama wanted sons to shun jihad, study in West'", "text": "WASHINGTON: In some respects , the world's most famous terrorist was just like any other parent. Osama bin Laden wanted his children to go west, get a good education, and live a good life, his brother-in-law has said.In an interview published on Sunday, Zakaria al-Sadah , who says he has recently been reunited with his sister, bin Laden's Yemeni fifth wife Amal , 29, suggests the terrorist supremo died in regret about what his actions had brought upon his children.\"He told his own children and grandchildren, 'Go to Europe and America and get a good education' ,\" Sadah told The Sunday Times in a surprising twist to the character of the man who was widely thought to be a violent, antiwest fanatic. \"You have to study, live in peace and don't do what I am doing or what I have done,\" he claims the al-Qaida terror leader told at least some of his children.Bin Laden was found hiding under the nose of the Pakistani military in Abbottabad and killed in a US navy Seals operation on May 2 last year. Three of his wives, including Amal, who was shot in the knee, and nine children and grandchildren were with him during the raid.Sadah says they are being held in a three-bedroom flat in Islamabad , guarded by the ISI and seldom let out of sight. \"They have heaters for the winter cold and restricted access to television. But they have hardly seen the sun in nine months. They feel as if they are shouting in the dark,\" he said of their efforts to secure release. Sadah revealed the children are still traumatized by the US raid that killed their father. \"These children have seen their father killed and they need a caring environment, not a prison - whatever you think of their father and what he has done,\" he said.But his disclosure of the human side of Osama puts a different spin on the world's most notorious terrorist, showing him far removed from the medieval madrassa mob that constitute ranks and file jihadis. In fact, Osama himself had studied economics and business administration at King Abdul Aziz University in Riyadh; other accounts credit him with a degree in civil engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11881156", "title": "Conference on interior designing", "text": "CHENNAI: The Institute of Indian Interior Designers (IIID) - the apex body of the profession of interior design in the country, headed by its president Bankim Dave and secretary Pratap Jadhav, will organize the Asia Pacific Space Designers Association (APSDA) Conference 2012, at the Kala Academy, Panaji, on February 16 and 17.Nitin Saolapurkar is the convenor of the conference, which is being held for the first time in the country. The APSDA is a body of various design associations of the Asia Pacific countries, which include the Japan Design Foundation (JDA), Chinese Society Interior Design (CSID), Korean Society of Interior Design (KOSID), Confederation of Design, Singapore (CDS), etc.The theme for the conference is 'Design for changing lifestyle'. The keynote speakers will be Karan Grover on February 16 and Frazer Mc Donald Hay (UK) on February 17. The other speakers include Sanjay Puri, Phillips Connors (Singapore), Gerrit Schilder (Netherlands), Vibhor Sogani, etc. The conference is being attended by over 800 delegates from all over India and abroad. The IIID's Goa centre will play host to the conference, under the chairmanship of Amit Zarapkar and Rita Mody Joshi.Release of three Konkani books at TAGTiatr Academy of Goa (TAG) will release three Konkani books - 'Oxem Ghoddlem' by Daniel F De Souza, 'Lokam Khell' by Vitorino Pereira and 'Mummy Mhaka Tuje Vengent Dhor' by Albert Leo de Souza - on February 16 at its conference hall, Campal, Panaji, at 4.45pm. The director of Diocesan Centre for Biblical Apostolate, Fr Manuel Gomes , will be the chief guest. All tiatr lovers are invited for the programme.Painting exhibition at Kala Academy: An exhibition of paintings titled 'Perceptions and perspectives' by Richa Vora will be held at KA, Panaji from February 16 to 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879512", "title": "Std. III student mowed down by school van", "text": "HYDERABAD: A class III student was mowed down by a school van at Shamirpet on Monday. The victim, P Rahul, 8, of Turkapally was a student of Vijeta Techno School in the area. The mishap occurred on Monday evening when the boy was playing with his friends on the road near the ZP High School.\"With critical head injuries, the boy died on the spot. Immediately after the incident, the van driver, Anjaneyulu, abandoned the vehicle and fled,\" Shamirpet SI R Babya Naik said.Rahul was the only child of Narasimhulu, a mason, and Lalita, a housewife. A case was booked against Anjaneyulu under section 304-A of the IPC and a man-hunt has been launched to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11879016", "title": "Language pathology professor honoured", "text": "MYSORE: Indian Speech and Hearing Association has awarded Dr Shyamala K Chengappa, professor of language pathology and head, department of speech-language pathology, AIISH, Mysore, with a national award at the recently concluded 44th annual ISHA Conference at Hyderabad.The award was instituted by the association to felicitate people who have contributed to the growth of speech-language pathology. It consists of a citation and trophy.Meanwhile, Dharti S Devaraju received best poster award in audiology, R Sharanya and Niraj Kumar Singh, P Jacob and C S Swathi got best paper presentation awards in audiology, according to the All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH), PRO A R Keerthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11880258", "title": "No clear victors seen in Satpur division", "text": "NASHIK: The financial backbone of this district, the Satpur division, did not give mandate to any single party in the last election. Rather, it sent representatives from all parties to the municipal corporation. And this time, too, the residents here may not give any single party or alliance a majority from this division.While the Congress won two seats from this division which was of 13 wards in 2007, its ally NCP bagged three seats. Shiv Sena also bagged three seats. Of the remaining seats, two went to Bahujab Samaj Party (BSP) one went to the Republican Party of India (RPI), one to CPM and one to Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).In 2007, the Congress and the NCP went to the electorate with an alliance and they will do so even this year with the exception of ward number 17 in this division where Congress' Dinkar Patil takes on NCP's Sadashiv Mali.The BJP and the Shiv Sena, too, are contesting the elections separately, while MNS is getting stronger in this division.Patil and Mali , both outgoing corporators, are contesting the election against one another as neither of them was ready to give away his seat from their respective area after the ward delimitation exercise. Riding high on the popularity of the MNS last year, Shashikant Jadhav had won the last election. Though he is known for his work, this time around he will be fighting against another sitting corporator, Sena's Rajendra Nagre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880328", "title": "Crores spent, city still parched", "text": "The BMC has spent about Rs 10,000 crore on water supply in the last five years, and yet, several areas receive very little or no water.It has spent over Rs 450 crore on repairs and rehabilitation of water pipelines in the last two years, detecting about 67,000 leakages in the same period.To provide clean, drinking water, the BMC collects 65% of your property's rateable amount as water tax, which is included in property tax bills. It is the civic body's duty to ensure equal distribution of water and a clean water supply at good pressure. Water supply is now around 3,450 mld, while demand is 4,250 mld. The hydraulic department has taken up mega-projects, including construction of the Middle Vaitarna dam, which promises to augment supply.BJP MLA Yogesh Sagar said, \"The over 210 supply zones were created in 1997. Despite a population increase in the suburbs, the BMC made no change in the system.\" The crisis is mainly confined to the western suburbs, especially areas beyond Goregaon, and parts of the eastern suburbs including Govandi, Chembur and Mankhurd. \"Almost 30% of Mumbai's population lives from Goregaon to Dahisar, but only 20% of the water is supplied there. Similarly, 50% citizens stay from Bandra to Dahisar, but the stretch receives only 36% of the supply,\" Sagar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878941", "title": "Petitioners withdraw plea against SEC, Thakre", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting twist in the hearing on plea alleging illegal changes carried out in the voters list at the behest of leader of opposition in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) Vikas Thakre, the petitioners Meenakshi Telgote and Nitin Diwe withdrew their petition on Monday after an affidavit by assistant returning officer in Laxmi Nagar zone Subhashchandra Jaidev.A division bench comprising PB Majmudar and Prasanna Varale permitted the petitioner duo to withdraw their petition (WP No. 688/120) while granting them liberty to file an election petition after the February 16 corporation polls. The development ensured there would be no change in the voters' lists of Prabhag No 71 and 72 on which objections were raised. Bhanudas Kulkarni pleaded for the petitioners while Sudhir Puranik defended NMC.As per Jaidev's affidavit, Telgote's husband had initially objected to the preliminary voters list which was rectified in final list published on January 23. However, Thakre took objection on the final list on January 29 stating that many citizens from Ward No 71 had been transferred to Ward No 72, especially from areas like Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar. Until that date, the number of voters was 30,442 in Ward No 70 and 32,416 in Ward No 71 and 44,095 in Ward no 72 as per the final list.After Thakre's objections, Jaidev personally visited the site and found the objections genuine. He then contacted his seniors for guidance and also apprised them of voters filing complaints in case their names were not brought back in their original ward. He cited Election Commission order of January 2, 2002, which stated that mistakes could be rectified till last date of filing of nomination papers.After getting approval from election superintendent, Jaidev again rectified the list. The changes were also reflected in supplementary list by the returning officer. The same list was then added to final list on January 31. Labelling charges against him as baseless, Jaidev demanded dismissal of the plea with exemplary costs on the petitioners.The duo had moved the judiciary alleging that Jaidev on oral directions of NMC commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had illegally changed the voter's list of Ward No 71 after deadline of January 31. According to them, first preliminary electoral list was out on January 12 and objections were invited till January 17. After that the final list of over 32,000 voters was published on January 23. However, Thakre using his influence prompted the NMC chief to order returning officers to change the list. They claimed that former mayor had done this deliberately to increase his vote tally and shifted persons opposing him owing to his failure to solve the ward's problems.Thakre says BJP plans foiledAn elated Vikas Thakre hailed court's verdict stating that opposition's plans to spoil his election were foiled. \"It clearly reflects how BJP works clandestinely instead of winning votes genuinely. My voters especially residing at Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar are happier than I am,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11872597", "title": "Anil Kapoor: Love\u2019s Bafta spoiler", "text": "Anil Kapoor, who attended the BAFTAs on Sunday, will be missing celebrating Valentine's Day with his wife.Anil told us that since he wouldn't be in the country on V-Day for the first time ever, he decided to do something special. So, he bought a greeting card and thought he'd make sure his wife gets it today. But she caught the card in his bag. \"I've done something like this for the first time. I bought a card from Los Angeles , and since I was leaving for London , it was supposed to be delivered to her today. But woh bag khol rahi thi aur usko mil gaya. Pehle toh woh darr gayi thi, kisi aur ke liye toh nahin hai!\" laughed Anil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880742", "title": "Monorail adviser to be chosen in two weeks", "text": "CHENNAI: The monorail project is gaining pace and tenders for the advisory services will be finalised in two weeks, a senior government official has said. The consultant is expected to help MTC, the nodal agency, in choosing the right developer for the project.\"The successful consultant will analyse the existing RFQ (request for qualification) and will help in choosing the right developer for the project,\" said the official. RFQ document spells out the minimum requirements that a developer should deliver in the project. Once the consultant is chosen, the actual construction may begin in a year. The government expects the consultants to choose adeveloper within six months of being chosen. The bidding for selecting the developers will open in three months before which technical aspects and criteria will be laid out. The successful developer will take another three to six months for financial closure after which the actual construction may begin.\"The tendering process should have been completed by February 1. There was a slight delay, but things are moving in the right direction,\" said the official. Five consortiums have participated in the bidding process. They are Louis Berger Group , Deloitte , Ernst &amp; Young and Stup Consultants. While Louis and Berger has sent proposals for reducing congestion on the the Old Mahabalipuram Road, Stup Consultants has designed three flyovers in Kolathur, Pallavaram and Velachery which the highways department have chosen and are in the process of implementing. Earlier, Mumbai-based company Fortress Financial Services was appointed but the contract was immediately terminated without any apparent reason.The company later chose to stay away from the selection. Similarly, tenders for executing the project were scrapped as government officials felt there was not much competition in the bidding process. \"The minimum requirements were too high and many did not qualify,\" said the official. \"This time we have 12 companies participating and there is good competition,\" the official said .Unlike the metro rail, there is no standard technology available for the implementation of the monorail. \"We are not specifying technological aspects while selecting the contractor. The technology will be decided laterwith the consultants,\" said the government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878635", "title": "If love is in the air, spread it every which way", "text": "NAGPUR: Wary of flak that comes from sundry self appointed groups indulging in moral policing, schools and colleges are walking the extra mile to distract their students from the customs and connotations of Valentine's Day.City colleges are taking all kinds of steps to ensure that this day is not celebrated on their campus in any form. The faculty at the Vincent Palloti College has been instructed to take rounds of the campus to ensure that there are no incidences of presenting flowers, gifts or PDA on this day. Geeta Manion, a final year student of the college says, \"The dictate is that if any student is caught celebrating it would reflect very badly on his or her internal assessment. So we are all very particular to behave well on the campus.\"At Priyadarshini College of Engineering Valentine's Day is celebrated as traditional day. \"We are not allowed to observe this day on the campus in any form. And to thwart any effort on part of the students to do so the college now celebrates it as traditional day when we all come to college dressed in the best of traditional attires. It is just an effort to camouflage any act which may be construed as a Valentine's Day gesture,\" said Preetam Chakraborty, a third-year student of the college. At Raisoni School of Law, the Friday before Valentine's Day had a dress code when all students wore red colour, which is also the colour of love.But the fear of being reprimanded for expressing love has only led to better and safer methods of doing so. With the radio jockeys playing cupid for free and without the additional cost of buying gifts or flowers, the prospective couple are free to express their love on various programmes touted as Valentine's Day special on the radio. RJ Ritika said, \"The stakes are highest for the RJ who wants the couple to say yes to make the show a hit. The boy and the girl just play on in comfort of anonymity and without the fear of getting caught or beaten up. So for those who really need help to say the three words and want to do it on this special day, being on radio is a good option.\"But the day is just not about romantic love. Rotary Club of Nagpur is organizing a sports event for specially-able children titled Udaan! Tauby Bhagwagar, the president of the club said, \"We want the youth to realize that this special day for spreading love should not be spent in frivolous activities. No joy can match the happiness that we can give to these very special children on this lovely day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11880420", "title": "Terror suspect\u2019s custody extended", "text": "New Delhi: A trial court on Monday extended the judicial custody of suspected terrorist Amir Abbas Dev by two weeks. Dev was arrested for his alleged role in the blast outside the Delhi high court premises in September last year.Dev was produced before district judge H S Sharma during an in-chamber hearing after the expiry of his two-week judicial custody. According to court sources, the district judge extended the judicial custody of Dev till February 27 after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) said the probe was on.Dev, who is from Jammu and Kashmir, was arrested by the NIA on the charge of sending terror emails to media groups after the September 7 blast which killed 17 people and injured over 90.Another co-accused in the case, Wasim Akram Malik, who is currently in jail under judicial custody, would be produced before the court on Tuesday. A magistrate had earlier recorded Dev's statement under Section 164 of the CrPC in an in-camera proceeding.A statement recorded by a magistrate under Section 164 of the CrPC bars the accused from retracting from it in his depositions during the trial and makes him liable for prosecution for perjury if he does so.The agency had said Malik was the \"key link\" in the conspiracy behind the blast outside gate number 5 of the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879329", "title": "Strike goes on in Kolencherry with management unrelenting", "text": "KOCHI: For the 600-odd striking nurses staying put outside the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church (MOSC) Medical College Hospital in Kolencherry, a solution to their problem looks elusive. Though the strike at Lakeshore Hospital came to an end through a compromise package on Saturday, MOSC nurses, who have been agitating from January 28, are forced to continue their fight. The management has not agreed to the pay packages suggested by the nurses union and the labour department officials.The hospital premises witnessed unruly scenes on Monday with various political outfits holding protest marches pledging support to the striking staff. The nurses unions now say that the management is not relenting even though they had diluted their demands and submitted a much simpler pay package.\"The labour minister came up with a new package similar to the one that was accepted at Lakeshore. But the management has refused to accept it,\" says Reena Reji, president, Nurses Welfare Association at MOSC Hospital.Currently, new recruits are paid wages as low as Rs 2,500, while nurses with even ten years experience get a gross salary of Rs 9,000. \"The minister wanted us to formulate a package that will see experienced nurses getting around Rs 10,000. We are ready for it even though it would mean an additional expenditure of Rs 1 crore per annum, but the association did not accept it,\" says Bijoy K Thomas, HR manager.Meanwhile, the nurses of Lakeshore Hospital will rejoin duty on Tuesday, said union members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11880694", "title": "Bank adopts 45 girl students", "text": "MANGALORE: State Bank of India has adopted 45 girl students in the city and will take care of their educational expenses under its community services banking activity. Under the scheme, SBI will take care of the expenses till the adopted children complete their second PUC. Thereafter, depending on the course of further study, they can apply for education loan from SBI.The bank recently organized a get-together of all students adopted by their various branches. Sangeetha Mehra, wife of Ashwini Mehra, chief general manager, SBI, Bangalore, and Jayanthi, wife of Krishna Kumar Trivedi, general manager, SBI, LHO, Bangalore, were the chief guests for this meet. Mamatha Udupa, wife of BG Sadashiva, AGM, SBI, Mangalore main branch and president, SBI Ladies Club unit, Mangalore presided over the function.Members and office bearers of SBI Ladies Club unit, Mangalore, have been assigned the role of mentors for each adopted girl child. Sangeetha advised adopted girls to study well and earn a good name for themselves, their parents and school. By doing so, the bank would also get the satisfaction of grooming them into responsible citizens of India and justify the expenditure incurred by the bank towards their education.SBI gave mementos to each of the adopted girl child as a gesture of goodwill. The students on their part, while thanking the bank for lending them support, assured them that this opportunity will be utilized. The function was followed by colourful cultural programmes by the adopted students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880286", "title": "Poll fever still missing; parties fear the worst", "text": "MUMBAI: With only two days to go for polls, there are no signs of poll fever in most places in Mumbai.The \"excitement\" and the \"anxiety\" associated with elections is missing. Activists across party lines are complaining that the response to their election campaigns is not the same as seen previously.Campaigns and road shows by star campaigners of various parties are not receiving the \"desired\" response.A Congress and NCP joint public rally organised at the PWD grounds in Bandra's government colony attracted less than 1000 supporters. The party was expected over 5000 people.A number of candidates and their campaigners have come across people who are not even aware of the polling date.The \"flat\" response by voters has understandably got parties worried about voter apathy and the impact it could leave on the election outcome. The voting percentage during the last three civic elections has been around 40-45%.The presence of independent citizens' candidates and an increase in the role played by citizens' groups in the process of governance has raised hopes of an increase in voter turnout. However, political observers said that the signs in the run-up to the polls were not encouraging.Union minister Milind Deora, a Congress member of parliament from South Mumbai, conceded that the response so far was not encouraging. \"It just does not feel like an election,\" another Congress activist said.BJP leader Ashish Shelar blamed a number of reasons for the \"voter apathy.\" He said, \"This indicates a loss of credibility of all political parities. Also, the state election commission (EC) has provided less time for campaigning. It also shows that the commission has not given sufficient publicity to elections.\" Shelar further said that parties need to introspect on how to gain lost ground. He also demanded introspection from the media, which has focussed more of showing politicians in the dark. Shelar, who is a group leader in the BMC but in not in the fray for the upcoming election, said he planned to strive to work towards increasing public support for electoral politics.While a low voter turn out is likely to impact all parties, the Congress and the NCP alliance will be hurt the most. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has also been urging citizens to come out and vote.State election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said that it was time that citizens shed cynicism and got out to vote. \"It is the only way we can make a difference,\" she said adding, \"Voting should be viewed as a matter of pride and responsibility by one and all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11880821", "title": "Man hangs himself after killing wife, 2-yr-old kid", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old man murdered his wife and twoyear-old child and committed suicide by hanging on Sunday. According to police, Babu, a native of Kerala, came to Chennai 10 years back. He was working as a welder. He got married to Sheela, 27, of Palaghat in 2009 and they had a two-year-old daughter Athira.Initially, Babu and his family used to live with Sheela's parents in Mogappair. Nine months back, Babu and family moved to a rented house in in Red Hills. On Sunday, neighbours saw the family in the afternoon. However, on Monday morning, the couple was not seen outside even after 11 am.As Sheela regularly called her parents in the morning, they were waiting for her call. When she did not call, her mother alerted the neighbours and asked them to check Babu's house. Neighbours looked through the window and found Babu hanging from the ceiling fan.When they broke into the house, they saw the bodies of Sheela and Athira on the bed. During investigation, the police found that Babu had strangled Sheela and Athira using a rope. \"We suspect he must have committed the crime driven by debts. We are yet to find the reason,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878593", "title": "At poll rally, Praful Patel moots auto hub in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Union minister for heavy industries Praful Patel has said that a centrally located city like Nagpur, from where cargo could be distributed all over the country faster because of its network of road, rail and air connections, can be developed into a hub for automobile industry.Without naming the company, Praful Patel said an automobile giant has already shown interest in setting up a manufacturing unit in Nagpur. Discussions are in the initial stages and concessions and subsidy by state government will decide if the industry materializes here, Praful Patel said.The minister said the auto industry had a bright future, given Vidarbha's geography and pace of development. \"Nagpur has several advantages because of its central location. We have land in Butibori Industrial area and are well connected by road, rail and air network,\" he added. Moreover, he said, with economy growing the auto industry will be looking at a hub in Central India, which could be Nagpur.Patel, here to campaign for the NCP candidates, highlighted the pre-poll alliance with Congress, Lokmanch, RPI etc, to remove BJP-Shiv Sena alliance from NMC. In 2007 NMC polls, Congress and NCP were not in alliance and the Congress got support of 22% voters while NCP got support of 11% voters (total 33%). BJP and Sena alliance polled only 27% votes.He expressed confidence that this time Shiv Sena and BJP would be thrown out of power in NMC, since the secular vote would remain intact.Patel also raised the issue of improper public transport system (Starbus) in city. Despite NMC operating buses sanctioned under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the buses are in a pathetic condition, he said.He said commuters are fed up of private operator earning profits from state-funded buses while his buses are discarded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11880911", "title": "Valentine's Day is a mild affair for city's youth", "text": "COIMBATORE: Mass Communication student George Joseph and his Tibetan friend Lobsang Dorjee have different reasons for not celebrating Valentine's Day in the cotton city, where they have been living for the last five years. Yet to recover from a heartbreaking love failure, George decided not to engage in any celebration on Tuesday and took a bus to Anaikatty on Monday evening to trek in the hillocks there.\"A group trek could help me keep the memories away at least on this day,'' says George, who had celebrated the last two Valentine's Day in the company of his heartthrob. Dorjee, who sell woollens, has decided to spend the day in Ooty, where his girl friend lives. \"There's no celebration. But I can present her at least a red rose on the day of love,'' he says. Dorjee is also expecting brisk business for woollens. \"Many couples are likely to arrive there to celebrate the event and they will require warm cloths,'' he says. On Tuesday night, he and friends plan to bike on the hill roads.Despite the home to a large population of students, Coimbatore is not too hot on Valentine's Day. There is, of course, some demand for greeting cards and red roses. \"Coimbatore never celebrated the Valentine's Day like the metros. But enthused youngsters would ride out to places scenic places like Walayar, Attapady, Ooty, Malampuzha and Valparai. Some go to Bangalore and Mysore,'' says Prince, a DJ with Hotel Residency. Prince organized a Valentine's Day party for his friends at his Coimbatore residence on Monday night but plans to party in Attapady on Tuesday.Even star hotels in the city don't have anything special for the V-Day. \"The major reason is fear of groups who protest such celebrations,\" says S Tania, a PG student at PSG College.\"I have a few friends who feel depressed during Valentine's Day because of their inability to find girl friends. To such lonely people, Valentine's Day is horrible,'' says Sujenish K Sundar, another PG student. \"In Coimbatore, it is quite difficult to celebrate the day as there is no privacy for lovers. They are often subjected to ridicule and humiliation. In some colleges, even bags being checked to detect whether students carry red roses,'' says Keerthi M, who works with a private firm.What the city has no dearth of are anti-Valentine's Day protests. On Saturday, the youth wing of Hindu Makkal Katchi (HMK) staged a demonstration at VOC Park seeking a ban on celebrations, calling it a symbol of cultural degradation. The cadres also burnt greeting cards to protest against V-Day. They said they would force lovers to marry if they are seen celebrating Valentine's Day in the city.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878921", "title": "Lighting up others' lives, through life and death", "text": "NAGPUR: The knowledge of being affected by a fatal disease can shake up the strongest of us. This 13-year-old, however, had only wished to live on through his eyes despite knowing that he suffered from an incurable disease. And after his death on Thursday, his family was quick to fulfill this wish and donated the boy's eyes.All through his battle with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), a rare disease that generally affects one in 3,600 people, mostly boys, Karan Varma kept the morale of everybody around him high. He always believed that a cure for his affliction was near. Ironically, only a couple of days after the family stumbled upon a probable cure for it, the little one breathed his last.\"Despite suffering from a disease that was slowly destroying all his muscles, Karan was so cheerful that he earned the name 'Hasmukhbhai'. Wise beyond his years, he was a storehouse of information that he had acquired by watching television,\" reminisced Karan's grandfather Dr Govind Varma, dean of NKP Salve Medical College, who has lost his best friend in his grandson.The Varmas tried every therapy that they could and were constantly telling Karan that a cure for his condition was on its way. However, just when they told him about a research in Boston University in which experiments on mice and clinical trials have successfully reversed the degeneration of muscles of those suffering from DMD, the fighter in him decided to give up. On Thursday morning, he gathered his family around him and told him he was going away and he did.Blessed with a rare spirit, the boy would be running, playing, swimming and even dancing for as long as it was possible for him. \"He would never let his pain show. In fact, there were times when we were moved to tears seeing his sufferings but he never cried or complained till the end. In fact, his last words were 'Achha Mummy',\" recalled his mother Simran. \"Our son lived his life to the fullest and could see beyond his own hardships. Therefore, he had told us to let his eyes give a better life to two other people,\" added his lawyer father Sanjeev.The family is proud of Karan's decision and advocates the cause of organ donation. \"Losing somebody you love is a difficult experience. However, seeing another person or family's life change for the better through it all gives you some solace and a sense that the person is still living on in some way,\" said Dr Varma.The genetic deformity that Karan had is transmitted from a mother to her male child. However, every male child of a woman who is a carrier of the gene causing it may not have it, nor are the women of the same family necessarily its carriers. Still, Simran rued the fact that misconceptions made one of her sister's life difficult as her in-laws feared DMD to be passed on in their family, too. A few people may know that a screen can tell about the prevalence of this disorder before the child is born and so the pregnancy can be terminated, said Dr Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884037", "title": "Comparison with Simran died soon: Meera Chopra", "text": "Tamil and Telugu actor, Meera Chopra, says that her resemblance to the former Kollywood star didn't work to her advantage.Kollywood enthusiasts are well aware of the fact that Meera Chopra, aka Nila, was introduced by actor and director, SJ Suryah, in the AR Rahman musical, Anbe Aaryuire, as a lookalike of the then Kollywood star, Simran. But Meera says that comparison between Simran and her didn't last very long. \"My resemblance to Simran, neither worked big time to my advantage, nor did it affect my career in a negative way. In fact, the comparison died soon, \"says the actor.Meera is now eagerly awaiting to start the shoot of her maiden Bollywood project, Bhaiyaji Superhit opposite Sunny Deol , Arshad Warsi and Tusshar Kapoor , and Firoz Nadiadwala's Hera Pheri 3. \"As a North Indian, it was quite obvious that I was offered a Hindi project. I will soon start work on B-town films. There is a lot of work for everyone in the industry and I am getting into any competition. I am extremely busy with my fashion ventures along with my partner and we are looking at ways to widen the horizons of our business. Films are not my priority,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11880698", "title": "Netas may have a bumpy ride in BKT", "text": "LUCKNOW: Less than a kilometer away from Ma Vaishnavi Kairana Store in Rudahi village, Bahujan Samaj Party leader and UP Minister for urban development Nakul Dubey plays badminton with his party workers. The court's surface is smooth; minus potholes. Residents of Rudahi village, only a few hundred meters away, are less fortunate. For them, it has been an uninterrupted bumpy ride since after 2004, when President APJ Abdul Kalam last visited a school in the village. \"In one night, the road was constructed. Since then, no maintenance or construction work has ever been undertaken inside this village,'' said Ajay Kumar, a government official in the village.However, after notification of election in the state, political parties and their representatives have poured into the village, each, locals say, with a bigger bundle of lies. Samajwadi Party's Gomti Yadav campaigns along with a sizeable cavalcade of cars and Congress' Sunita Singh has worked hard to connect with most of the constituency. Sanjay Singh, Bharatiya Janata Party's candidate for BKT, though, people allege, has been not shown up enough times. A homeguard by profession, Navneet Verma, said: \"Over two years ago, Dubey came and told us that construction of this road will begin in 24 hours. It has been nearly 3 years and we're still waiting for his 24 hours to get over. Other leaders are no better. They ask us for support, but no one promises the development this village needs.'' The real fight, people say, is between the SP and BSP. \"Though Sunita Singh is an excellent lady and has contributed to the constituency, she's with the wrong party. Dubey has done nothing. Now it's time for Yadav to prove his mettle,'' Sundarlal Maurya, a sweetmeat vendor, said.Rudahi is not the only region feeling restless for change. About 20 kilometers from state capital, Bargadi, a predominantly Muslim village is also experiencing a similar emotion. Traders at the weekly market a few feet away from the new Nagar Panchayat office say they have lost more than they have gained since the area earned the Nagar Panchayat status. \"Under the BSP regime, this area was made a Nagar Panchayat. However, this weekly market has not gained from this new status. In fact, once the contracts are awarded for maintenance, we will have to pay more than is done for us in return,'' said Arun Yadav, a grain trader in the market.Locals also grudge the ruling party the loss of their annual festival, an occasion that brought together, continuously, for the past 38 years, Hindus and Muslims of Rudahi and Bargadi villages, to stage the annual Ram Lila. \"Main roles of Ram, Laxman and Ravana were played by Muslims. Till December 2009, the Sarpanch (village head) of Rudahi was in charge of the Ram Lila Committee. After the political tide changed, Rudahi and 13 neighbouring villages were clubbed together to form Bakhshi Ka Talab Town Area. With a new administration, a new committee and a new venue, we lost the one event where everyone was happy to participate,'' Maurya added.From the loss of culture to lack of infrastructure and employment, issues affecting the population of Bakshi Ka Talab are nearly the same, across both its tehsils. In Sadar, the second tehsil in BKT constituency, things are about as bad. Small time traders and farmers inhabit much of the region, and existence, in most parts, is poor. Real estate dealer, Shambho Singh, a resident of Naubasta, said: ``None of these leaders care. Frankly, there is no one who has done enough to change our fortunes. The only work, of building roads and colleges in this area was done when Mulayam Singh was in power.''In Chinhat and the regions adjoining Barabanki district as well, concerns are still the same. People are demanding, they say, nothing that is extraordinary. Roads, employment, drinking water and proper drainage-this is what all of BKT wants. Their vote, on 19 February, they say, will tell which way the wind will blow. Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11882478", "title": "Umraao Jaan lyricist passes away", "text": "Acclaimed lyricist Shahryar of Umraao Jaan fame, 75, died of lung cancer last night at Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh.Born at Aonla Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, he belonged to a Muslim Rajput family. Shahryar retired as chairman of the Urdu Department at the Aligarh Muslim University. Later, he used to co-edit the literary magazine Sher-o-Hikmat.Originally christened Akhlaq Mohammed Khan, he was recognised for his lyrics in Muzaffar Ali's films like Gaman (1978), Umrao Jaan (1981) and Anjuman (1986).His last lyrics were for Mira Nair's critically acclaimed The Namesake (2006). In 1987, he was rewarded with the Sahitya Akademi Award in Urdu for Khwab Ka Dar Band Hai (1987). He was the fourth Urdu writer to win the Jnanpith Award in 2008.In memoriamI knew him since 1966. He was family to me. The news of his death came as a great shock to me. He was one of the greatest modern poets. He was my inspiration. I used his poetry in all my films. I met him last when he received the Jnanpith Award. It was two and a half months back. He was undergoing chemotherapy at that time. Actually, I was planning to go to Aligarh to meet him. However, it never materialised.Shahryar's death is not only a loss to me but to the world of poetry. He was an extremely well mannered person, particularly sensitive to social issues. As for his work, his maximum contribution was in Umraao Jaan. But you cannot rule out the value that he added to Anjuman and Gaman. It's an irreparable loss. I will miss him.I was shocked at the news. Shahryar had done some great work and wrote some outstanding songs in his film career, especially in Umrao Jaan. The songs were immortal. He understood the soul of the movies. Ek se ek gaane likhe the. He received an honorary doctorate, few years back. He also got the Jnanpith award and he deserved these awards. Bahut bade shayar hai hamare mulukh ke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884156", "title": "Amy Jackson and Prateik's Valentine madness", "text": "No amount of denials and 'we are just friends' statements can hide the sizzling chemistry that Prateik and Amy Jackson share these days.The lead pair of forthcoming Bollywood film Ekk Deewana Tha is in a mushy mood alright. And the advent of Valentine's Day has only added to their passion quotient, informs an industry insider, adding, tongue-firmly-in-cheek, \"it began quite sometime back!\"Our source also claims that the real and reel lovers are quite comfortable in each other's company and it shows. Right now, their film Ekk Deewana That, which will be released on Feb 17, is in post-production stage. But, even the snooping cameras and the swarming production guys can't deter the lovebirds when it comes to whispering sweet nothings in each other's ears.\"Prateik is very protective about Amy and takes care of her smallest needs and comforts,\" says our source on the condition of anonymity, adding, \"It's really nice to see these two caring so deeply about it each other. Their chemistry is to be seen to be believed! We are amazed that a shy and introvert person like Prateik has become so bold in the proximity of Amy!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879236", "title": "Corporation adalat clears 58 complaints", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Corporation conducted an adalat on Monday, clearing a backlog of files. Around 58 files (complaints lodged till January 31) related to building tax hike, cleaning staff issues and compassionate appointment of deceased employees were cleared.Two files were, however, sent to the steering committee, and two others which required inspection, were sent to the standing committees concerned, mayor Tony Chammany said.Though the corporation authorities planned two separate adalats for East and West Kochi areas, the plan was later dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881229", "title": "Scholarships for Goans by British Council", "text": "PANAJI: The British Council has announced scholarships to the United Kingdom (UK) for Goans funded by the Goa Education Trust (GET) Scholarships. More than 50,000 Indian students are currently studying in the UK.The GET scholarships are funded by the Goa Education Trust which aims to provide financial assistance for self-motivated young people of Goan origin or those holding Goan domicile to study or train in the UK.The Scholarship covers full or part tuition fees and is for the academic year beginning September 2012.\"GET strengthens opportunities for young and dynamic Goans to study a programme of their choice in the UK for up to one year in any subject. In addition to academic record, we look for extracurricular achievement and leadership potential in applicants,\" says Manjula Rao, Head Programmes West India, British Council.Applicant should be Indian citizens, residents of Goa or born of Goan parents, below 30 years of age at the time of applying and graduates who have excellent academic track record and extracurricular achievement.They should also have confirmed admission for any academic course of study in the UK for up to one year.The last date to send in completed applications is 15 May 2012. Queries on the scholarship may please be directed to mumbai.enquiry@in.britishcouncil.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11881029", "title": "UP polls: Flush with funds but no progress in Naxal-affected districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP's three Naxal-affected districts, Sonbhadra, Chandauli and Mirzapur, limping out of the shadow of the menace have again slipped into decay. Though no major Naxal activity has been reported rom the region after the 2004 Naugarh landmine blast, the rash of initial 'development ' has come to a standstill.Following the 2004 incident, aggressive policing pushed back the Naxals and the state and central governments pumped n large funds for development. Strict vigil is still maintained along the borders with neighbouring states like Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh.But the utilisation of funds under a spate of schemes : chief among them the Special Infrastructure Scheme (SIS ) and Security Related Expenditure (SRE ) has been iffy and uneven. The condition of the poor has deteriorated while the wealth of mmigrants has risen. The disparity is evident in Sonbhadra. While localities housing the immigrant population show signs of prosperity, those of original locals are in tatters. The district has four assembly segments. Barring Renukoot, where industrial development has generated employment for locals, the remaining three are underdeveloped. Ghorawal, where crusher units make up its 'industry', is known for tomato cultivation. But, at times tomato growers have junk huge quantities when there is surplus yield. Ramjanam, a tomato cultivator, says, \"For many years we have been demandng food processing units that can help increase farmers ' earnings and avoid wastage of tomato. But no attention has been paid.\"Robertsganj, the district headquarters and a core Maoist zone, lacks both higher and technical education facilities and specialty hospitals. Power plants in Obra assembly electrify many parts of the state but locals reel under power crisis Roads are in a pitiable state and pollution is sky-high : there is an always-present dust haze from the mines and crusher units and ash and smoke from power plant chimneys.Villages get drinking water from the Rihand dam, but chemical disposal has polluted the water. Amarnath, a Roberts ganj resident says, \"Crisis of water and compulsion of consuming polluted water is not limited to Obra, Renukoot and Dud dhi; even residents of Robertsganj suffer badly.\" The Kanhar dam project is in its 35th year of construction.Mirzapur's famed ceramic pottery and carpet industry is in decay. Chunar's over 200 ceramic pottery units have dwindled drastically to a single unit. \"Increasing cost of coal and poor valuation of our products led to the closure of units,\" say Ashok and Santosh Prajapati, who now make plaster-of-P aris idols to earn a liveli hood. Barring the one unit, ceramic pot tery business has shifted to Khurja.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884207", "title": "Aman Verma is a social media addict", "text": "Like most of his counterparts, actor Aman Verma is also a social media addict. In between shots or while travelling you will get to catch him tweeting funny one liners. And boy! he talks his mind out.His fans are very well glued to reading his tweets and he believes in keeping in touch with them for instant gratification. Suddenly, amidst all of the time when he was active on twitter, suddenly people didn't get to see much of him. So much for the addiction, Aman signed up for another twitter account telling all his fans and friends that his original account was hacked.Upon his request, his team quickly got in touch with twitter and they helped him revive his old account and reset it again. He lost out on few followers but he is happy to have his original account back. He is back to the happy old days as he tweets his mind out. You will always get to hear all funny one liners from him. He believes \"\"twitter is a very strong medium to convey his message and reflect his true personality.\"\"We know how it is Aman!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880058", "title": "'Hear out pharma co'", "text": "The HC said the BMC can't discriminate and asked it to give a hearing to Glaxo Smithkline Pharmaceuticals over a land deal. HC was hearing a petition by Glaxo over a 2009 order of the BMC. Tnnpassed by the corporation revoking permission given to the company to transfer and develop a portion of a plot leased by it at Worli. Glaxo claimed that they were not given a hearing by the BMC, which had heard I-Ven Realty to whom the pharma company had assigned a portion of the plot for development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880202", "title": "5 car thieves held", "text": "Five members of a gang were arrested and five stolen cars and a motorcycle recovered from them in Dahisar. The four accused have been identified as Feroz Ali Khan, Jalil Ahmed Siddiqi, Avinash Mishra, Sartak Sobnath and Ashok Yadav. Five cars including a Bolero and a Pulsar motorcycle have been recovered from the accused.Cops say the gang used to steal cars, change the registration and sell them in other states. tnnAccording to the police the modus operandi of the accused was to steal cars and forged its registration documents and sell it another state. Police are making inquiries to find out how many more cars they stole from Mumbai city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880377", "title": "Sena violates silence zone norms?", "text": "The Shiv Sena apparently violated silence zone norms at a road-show attended by the party's Vidyarthi Sena wing president Aditya Thackeray by playing loud music opposite the Ulhasnagar court for at least 30 minutes from around 1.15pm on Monday. A lawyer at the court said the volume was very high, it was within the 200-metre court area and affected proceedings. Senior advocate Gopal Bhagat said, \"It is clear violation of the silence zone norms.The police can book the organizers under various sections of the CrPC and Bombay Police Act.\" But Gopal Landge, election-in-charge of the party in Ulhasnagar, said, \"We have taken proper police permission to hold a programme and play music.\" Dr Shivaji Rathod, deputy commissioner of police (zone IV), said they will take action against the organizers if they find any violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881793", "title": "Chapter on kala-azar in school textbooks soon", "text": "PATNA: Bihar records highest kala-azar patients in the country accounting for almost 60% of all kala-azar cases in India. While the state registered 15,000 kala-azar cases in 2011, as many as 50 patients died due to the disease the same year. In 2010, Bihar recorded over 23,000 kala- azar cases with 87 casualties while in 2009 the state recorded there were 21,318 cases.India accounts for 50 per cent of the global burden of visceral leishmaniasis (VL), a kala-azar vector, with majority of the patients coming from Bihar particularly from poor rural communities. The state which has achieved great success in checking polio, a more focused approach is needed to combat Kala-azar, the poor man's disease.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said, \"The state government has launched a massive anti-kala- azar strategy to check the spread of sand fly vectors in 16-affected districts. DDT sprays on massive scale would be taken up from February 15 -March 3 in the state.\" Sinha, however, said the Union government has been delaying the supply of miltefosine drug for kala-azar treatment. We have had a talk with the Union ministry of health and family welfare in this regard and have asked them to expedite the process,\" Sinha added.The government had earlier constituted a task force headed by former Union health minister and BJP leader Dr C P Thakur, an acknowledged kala-azar expert, to work for eradication of the disease.The state government has also decided to observe kala-azar week from March 15 to March 21 every year with special programmes to be organized in all the affected districts.Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey will also undertake a 'padyatra' in kala-azar-affected areas during his ongoing \" Jan Swaysthya Chetna Yatra\". Mass awareness programmes would also be taken up to combat the disease.Taking awareness programme further, the Bihar government has decided to introduce a chapter on Kala- azar in text-books in government run schools across the state.The worst Kala- azar hit areas of Bihar are the northern districts of Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi, Sheohar, East Champaran and West Champaran.The state was hit by kala-azar in an epidemic form in 1991 when 2.50 lakh cases were reported in a single year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881776", "title": "PU vice-chancellor directive on truant teachers", "text": "PATNA: With a view to improving the academic atmosphere by ensuring regular academic activities on the campus, Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh has started making surprise visits to different institutions. On Monday, he reached the College of Arts and Crafts to check whether the classes were being held as per the timetable.To his utter surprise, he found that as many as three teachers of the college were not present on the campus. He asked principal Atul Aditya Pandey to serve show-cause notice on those teachers. When the VC was coming out of the college, he saw these teachers entering the college. The VC is likely to take round of other colleges and university departments in the days to come.Directive on semester system: As the VC is very keen on implementing the semester system in all postgraduate courses from the coming academic session (2012-13), he has directed the deans of all the faculties to get the new syllabi along with admission ordinance and regulations ready at the earliest so that they may be sent to the chancellor after their approval from statutory bodies. Heads of departments of the science faculty at a meeting held here on Monday under the chairmanship of dean U K Sinha gave a final touch to the revised syllabi and regulations of all the postgraduate courses of the faculty. Other faculties are likely to follow suit.Commonwealth conference: PU English department will host a three-day conference on 'Commonwealth Literature: New Dimensions' from March 15 to 17. The conference being sponsored by the Indian Society for Commonwealth Studies will take stock of contemporary Commonwealth writing and critically assess its contribution to world literature, said English teacher Indiber Mukherji.Training workshop: As many as 65 teachers of 12 colleges under Magadh University learnt the techniques of submitting research proposals for financial assistance from different funding agencies at a workshop on 'Research Methodology' held at Sri Arvind Mahila College here on Monday. Manju Kumar from MIT, Aurangabad, provided all the relevant information to the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11880415", "title": "Chavan votes for 'None of the above' option", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Monday that he was in favour of the 'None of the above' option on electronic voting machines (EVMs). At an interaction with students from 15 colleges at K C College on Monday, similar to what United States president Barack Obama had done during his visit to India, he remarked that only 5% of those coming out of IITs and IIMs are bright students.The function was jointly organized by K C College and the Congress-affiliated National Students' Union of India (NSUI).Summing up the general cynicism about politicians, Rajneesh, a student from KC, asked Chavan what a voter should do when all candidates in the fray lack qualities and vision. While urging students and others to vote for the best, in the absence of the 'None of the above' option, Chavan said he would like the option to become a reality soon. If the 'None of the above' votes are more than those of the winning candidate, it would mean that voters have rejected the candidate and we will have to go in for a second round of polling, he said.Stating that he was not there to make a political speech for his party, Chavan urged youngsters to ensure that they and their families vote, and for the right candidate. \"I will be happy if you vote for my party; but I won't be unhappy if you vote for good candidates from other parties,\" Chavan said. He urged students to vote and ensure a consolidated mandate. Voting for independents will only usher in instability, he felt.Chavan shared his vision and priorities like transportation infrastructure, affordable housing and clean drinking water for 50 years for Mumbai.He faced a range of questions from expenditure on Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab to lack of open spaces and decline of industries in the state. Chavan also commented on the need to improve quality education.Union minister Milind Deora, KC principal Manju Nichani, NSUI city president Suraj Thakur and writer Anil Dharker were also present at the interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11878987", "title": "Two accused in cash seizure case freed", "text": "AMRAVATI: The district court on Sunday turned down the demand of the police to grant magisterial custody remand to Ashish Bodhankar and Prakash Masram who were arrested by Gadge Nagar police in connection with the Rs 1 crore cash seizure on Sunday. The court granted permission to Amravati police to conduct further investigation in the matter.Gadge Nagar had seized the cash from a car in the wee hours of Sunday. Until Sunday afternoon, no one claimed the money but around 2.30 pm, the police got fax from Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee in which general secretary Adv Ganesh Patil stated that money seized by police was party fund. Even Amravati MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat submitted a letter to Amravati police in which he stated that MPCC had sent him money through minister of state for energy and finance Rajendra Mulak.On Sunday evening, police presented Bodhankar and Masram before the court and demanded their MCR. But court discharged the MCR after which Bodhankar and Masram were released. Court granted permission to police to conduct probe and also permitted police to deposit seized amount of Rs 1 crore in the treasury.The state election commission has also ordered district collector Rahul Mahiwal to inquire into the matter and report back. On Sunday, when journalists asked commissioner of police Amitesh Kumar whether agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil had come to Amravati for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's public meeting with the same car on Saturday, he said he had no confirmed news about it. On Monday, Kumar said that Vikhe-Patil was not present in the car. Asked whether the car was following the convoy of CM on Saturday, he said he could not confirm the report.Talking to TOI, AMC commissioner N Nawin Sona said that the administration had informed the election commission about the matter and was awaiting further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878827", "title": "Online practice test for SSC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited's (MKCL) online practice test for SSC students has attracted over 80,000 students from all over the state. A little over 6,500 students from Nagpur too have enrolled for the online practice test which started on Monday.The MKCL had started efforts in this direction since last year. They had launched a unique project by offering online practice test for the SSC students last year which will be continued this year too. The government-promoted organization is offering this facility absolutely free of cost which had already benefited thousands last year.\"This year as well, we've started this facility of online exams for the SSC students,\" MKCL Nagpur centre coordinator Shashikant Deshpande told TOI, adding that they had introduced 50 new subjects this time. TOI had first reported about this MKCL's initiative on February 18 last year.Till last year, the question sets of only three subjects - science, mathematics and history - were available. But from this year, MKCL has introduced language papers, Hindi, English and Marathi, besides geography and other subjects with an objective to test students' knowledge.Deshpande said that they received massive response with over 80,000 students from all over state already enrolling with them including 6,500 from Nagpur. \"Though online tests would begin from Monday, these students have started taking them from 100 MSCIT centres spread in various parts of the city. We have 250 such centres where they can practice,\" he said.Deliberating further, the MKCL coordinator said a majority of students don't have computers or net connectivity at their homes. \"In fact, many of poor students could not afford to go to Internet cafes. Moreover, necessary bandwidth is hardly available at net cafes or homes. We provide free facilities for such students where they can take these tests as many times as they want as we don't have connectivity issues. They just need to register with us.\"The MKCL had conducted a massive awareness exercise all over the state for informing the students to avail this facility. \"We personally visited over 1,000 schools and showed presentations on online tests,\" he said.Box: How to log inLog into the MKCL website, www.mkcl.org/ssctest, either from home or from 250 MSCIT centres. The website will first ask for the registration. The students need to fill up their information, including name, address, school, state, phone numbers, date of birth and centre name mentioned in their identity card. After furnishing all information, they will get an ID and password for login. After successful logging, the students will have choice to select question papers. As soon as the student finishes and closes the screen, their scores will immediately pop up. Each paper has one hour duration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11881135", "title": "Violence mars phase II of rural polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Snatching of ballot boxes and poll boycott at a few places marked the second phase of the three-tier panchayat polls in Odisha on Monday. Tragedy stuck in the evening when a polling officer, Kumara Behera of Lingarajjodi, died and a dozen others were injured in a road accident near Deberapalli, about 60 km from Angul. The mishap took place when a mini bus carrying about 15 polling personnel hit a roadside tree near Deberapalli while it was going from Chendipada to Kishore Nagar.Around 70% of the 56.54 lakh electors exercised their franchise in 20,481 booths (wards) of 1,475 gram panchayats covering 197 zilla parishad zones in 83 blocks of 30 districts, sources in the State Election Commission (SEC) said. Unlike Phase One, where Cuttack recorded the highest voters' turnout of 87%, Phase Two saw the district witness the lowest turnout at 60%. Sonepur registered the highest 83% voting. The next phases of elections are slated on February 15, 17 and 19.Counting of votes was on till late evening in different districts, with unofficial trends indicating a sweep by the ruling BJD. Going by unconfirmed reports, in the first phase of polls, BJD won 133 out of the 194 zilla parishad seats where voting took place; Congress reportedly triumphed in 31 ZP zones and BJP in only six.State Election Commissioner Ajit Tripathy said repolling would be required in at least 25 wards in seven blocks of four districts (Gajapati, Cuttack, Balasore and Bhadrak) either due to boycott of elections or disruption during polls. SEC sources said the figure is expected to go up. During the first phase on Saturday, repolling was ordered in 57 wards in 14 blocks of 10 districts. Incidentally, in one ward in Kalimela of Maoist-hit Malkangiri repolling was held on Monday. Elections were more or less peaceful across the state, including Maoist-hit areas in Malkangiri, Gajapati, Koraput and Rayagada, official sources said. Heavy deployment of security personnel was witnessed in extremism-hit pockets.Official sources said elections could not be conducted in 11 wards in Gumma block of Maoist-affected Gajapati district as the villagers did not allow polling personnel to visit their area, protesting government apathy. Rigging of elections occurred at a few wards in Kasinagar block of Gajapati. Poll boycott was also reported from five panchayats in Chenndipada block of Angul protesting a move to mine coal from the area; four villages in Tikabali, Kandhamal; one ward each in Nilagairi and Remuna in Balasore) and Bhadrak Sadar and Bonth in Bhadrak. At least seven booths in Nischintakolli block in Cuttack saw alleged booth capturing and ballot boxes being set afire. In Titlagarh area of Balangir, intra-party feud led to a brutal attack on Bhaktaram Majhi, a BJD zilla parishad candidate, police said.Unwanted interference in polling activities was also reported from Rasulpur and Korei in Jajpur and Pattamundai in Kendrapada, SEC sources said. At Andara village under Patamundai block in Kendrapada, agitated villagers damaged a police van after police used batons to disperse mobs. Three persons were injured. Similarly, at Bandhadiha village in Jajpur district some persons snatched away ballot papers from booth number 11, halting the voting process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879176", "title": "Managements challenge govt order at HC", "text": "KOCHI: Admissions to medical post-graduate courses have run into troubled waters once again, with the managements challenging a government order declaring illegal admissions made under management quota, at the Kerala High Court.According to the managements, they were forced to conduct admissions as the state government failed to respond to their call for completion of admissions before the July 30 deadline set by the apex court.The managements have contended that an agreement was reached with the government to complete admissions before July 30 last year, which is the deadline set up by the Medical Council of India (MCI) and the apex court, but the government failed to confirm the allotment of seats until July 24th. Following the alleged inaction on the part of the government, the managements went ahead with the admission process, based on all-India entrance rankings. Based on applications filed by other State before the Supreme Court asking for more time to complete admissions, the court had allowed them time until June 25 last year. After this, the state government moved the apex court for extension of time, which resulted in the court granting time until July 1. The government subsequently issued an order declaring illegal the admissions already carried out under management quota. When this order was challenged by managements before the SC,, the petitioners were asked to approach the high court and address their grievances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11883266", "title": "HC pulls up govt for delay in cases", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court chided the government for its listless approach towards prosecuting cases in court. \"The law comes to the rescue of those who are vigilant. A perusal of the explanation offered to condone the delay only makes apparent the casual and cavalier manner in which time has been spent in pushing files from desk to desk and from one office to another...,'' a division bench headed by chief justice Vikramajit Sen observed on Monday. It dismissed two writ appeals filed by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879955", "title": "History-sheeter caught setting bike ablaze", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old history-sheeter ran short of luck when a constable attached to the Vikhroli police nabbed him minutes after he allegedly set ablaze a motorcycle that was parked outside a residential building at Tagore Nagar in Vikhroli (E) last Friday.Police said Moshim alias Nazrahul Mapankar had been externed for two years from Mumbai last year after he was booked for more than 25 petty and serious offences, including setting ablaze five motorbikes and an Indica car parked from the same locality last January. The accused usually set vehicles ablaze to divert the attention of locals and cops patrolling an area. After creating a panic, he would then break into houses in the area and steal valuables.Last week, the accused had learnt that members of the chaddi-banian gang members were active in the locality. \"Mapankar then planned to spread the rumour that the chaddi-banian gang had started setting vehicles on fire in the night,\" said senior inspector Ravindra Javkar.He was caught at midnight when constable Kishore Kale found Mapankar moving about suspiciously. \"He then saw Mapankar set a bike on fire. Kale then nabbed the accused after a chase,\" said Javkar.Mapankar said he had set the vehicles on fire to get back at those who had the informed the police about his activities. Mapankar had been arrested 21 times since 2005 for committing burglaries and petty thefts in the locality. He sold the stolen booty to buy drugs. Police said this time, too, Mapankar set ablaze the motorcycle to take revenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ajmer/jaipur", "code": "11879936", "title": "Ajmer blast: Look-out notice against three more", "text": "AJMER/JAIPUR: The National Investigation Agency, probing the Ajmer dargah blast case, has issued a look-out notice against three more accused in the case after identifying them. The agency also alerted airports in the country against the three - Suresh Nair, Amit and Nehul Kumar.Earlier, the agency had declared Ramji Kalsangre and Sandeep Dangi as absconders and had announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh each on them. \"The agency is also going to seek permission to file a supplementary chargesheet,\" said a source.NIA sources added that the statements of another accused Swami Aseemanand under Section 164 of CrPC had been helpful in identifying more accused in the case.According to NIA sources, Nehul Kumar of Sai Baba Colony in Vadodara along with one Amit of Khera district of Gujarat and Suresh Nair provided the backup support for the blast.\"Their arrests are necessary to identify the role of all accused in the blast. They are part of a chain which worked parallel to Mukesh and Devendra Gupta group,\" sources added.The blast case was transferred last year to a special court in Jaipur when the investigation was handed over to NIA on April, 6, 2011.The first arrest made in the case was that of Devendra Gupta of Ajmer and the link went up to Swami Aseemanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11881713", "title": "Two citizens' groups vow to support each other", "text": "MUMBAI: On the eve of civic elections, two groups fielding citizen candidates joined hands and came together on a common platform.Loksatta Party (LSP) and Mumbai Nagrik Manch (MNM) have stated that they have not fielded any candidates against each other. Instead , they have endorsed to support each other's candidates . LSP has fielded 10 candidates and MNM, belonging to civic activist Hansel D'Souza , has put up three.Both have a common objective in establishing a 'Model Nagar Raj Concept' in the wards in which their corporators win.\"Formation of ward committees will create people's participation, empowering them to decide on the development needed in their wards without any corruption and with complete transparency and accountability to people in their wards,\" said Mustan Tambawala, secretary, LSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881752", "title": "PWC education department holds alumnae meet", "text": "PATNA: Patna Women's College (PWC) department of education organized Alumnae Meet, 2012, here on Monday which was attended by former students of the last six batches (2005 to 2011). The programme started with a prayer which was followed by welcome song \"Harsh Manayein Nachein Gaayein ...\" by Kanak and group.College principal Sister Doris D'Souza welcomed the former students and said teachers' creativity and originality cannot be replaced by anything. It is the teacher who makes the difference in the society, she pointed out. Department of education head Upasana Singh also welcomed the alumnae and said the holistic development of the students requires proportionate blend of theory and activities. She presented the department's diary of events.A tribal dance was presented by Agnes Anita and group which kept the audience tapping their feet to the beats of \"mandar\". The alumnae also enjoyed various games, including Dumb Charades, Lock and Key and Catwalk with Books.The office-bearers of the Alumnae Association, 2012, are - Vijay Shree (president), Anupama (vice-president), Maushmi Banerjee (secretary) and Priyanka Priyadarshini (joint secretary). The post of treasurer was bagged by Sapana Suman and Neha Nath became the joint treasurer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879769", "title": "Kidnap &amp; murder of girl, 2 held", "text": "New Delhi: Two persons have been held for the abduction and murder of an 18-year-old girl. She was abducted 72 hours earlier by four men in a car while on her way home along with three friends.The girl was later found murdered at Karawara village in Rewari close to Gurgaon. Sources said Delhi Police arrested the duo following a tip-off and technical surveillance. The Rewari police said they were informed about the murder by Delhi Police and the body was recovered after interrogation of one of the accused on Monday.The police said they have put around 40 phones on surveillance and were questioning local residents of the area.\"We have informed the victim's family and they will arrive on Tuesday to identify the body,\" said an officer.The police said they were trying to contact the relatives of the girl and a few others whose phone calls she had received on Thursday in order to make headway in the case.\"All angles are being probed for an early breakthrough. Separate teams have been delegated different tasks,\" said R K Pandey, additional DCP (southwest).The girl was kidnapped from near Hanuman Temple at Qutub Vihar chowk near Chhawla.The miscreants allegedly dragged the girl inside a car when she came near the temple on Thursday. Her friends and a passerby, who tried to intervene, were beaten up by the abductors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11881858", "title": "Agitators force garbage trucks in Vilappilsala to go back", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A crowd of more than 5,000 people, consisting of young and old, women and children and physically challenged, put up a stiff resistance and upset the plans of Thiruvananthapuram corporation to send garbage lorries to the Vilappilsala plant.After eight hours of high drama, two trucks from the city which had entered the panchayat limit returned, without entering the plant. The resistance was generally peaceful though there were sporadic incidents of stone pelting. Though police had to use teargas shells and stinger grenades to disperse a group that was pelting stones at them, no one was reported to have injured.By early morning, scores of Vilappilsala residents and members of janakiya samithi assembled in front of the factory gate. Nearly, 350 strong police force, including 50 women personnel, led by rural SP A J Thomaskutty were also present in view of the tense situation.By 1.30pm, two trucks, with police escort, reached the gate of the plant. Rural SP A J Thomaskutty reminded the locals of the court order and asked them to let the trucks pass. But, the protesters did not relent and sat on the road blocking the vehicles. Meanwhile ADM P K Girija also started negotiating with panchayat president Sobhana Kumari and other leaders.The police delayed the action for a while. Then they cordoned off the agitators and arrested them in batches. They were taken to a nearby government school in police vans.Things got slightly out of hand, when a group of local youth hurled stones at a police van carrying the arrested agitators. The stone pelting became so intense that the police van and a jeep escorting it had to back out. The police soon reinforced themselves and used grenades and teargas shells to repress the attack. Police used 12 stinger grenades and seven teargas shells. Three policemen, including two drivers and one ASI were injured in stone pelting. Two police jeeps and a media vehicle also got vandalised. By 2.50pm, Section 144 was declared at Vilappilsala owing to the tense situation.Meanwhile, the scene at the factory gate was peaceful, with the agitators asking the police to wait till they finish their lunch. The police waited for sometime and ADM directed the truck drivers to return. The police force also withdrew from the spot by 3.30pm. The police have registered cases charging the agitators with vandalism, rioting and obstructing police vehicles.Meanwhile, mayor K Chandrika has said that the corporation would file an affidavit at the high court on Tuesday citing the sequence of events. \"The affidavit will have a detailed description of what had happened at Vilappilsala on Monday. We have collected the video clips which will also be presented,\" she said.The corporation has also decided not to send garbage trucks to Vilappilsala on Tuesday. Decision regarding future course of action would be finalized later, said corporation officials.The garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala was closed by the panchayat on December 21, last year. It was reopened on February 4 this year following a high court order. It was only on Monday that the garbage transportation resumed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11879420", "title": "Setback for Emaar, Jagan as SC dismisses pleas against CBI probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a blow to some of the accused in the various scams being probed by the CBI in Andhra Pradesh, the Supreme Court on Monday dismissed the petitions of Dubai-based Emaar Properties in the Emaar scam case and that of Jagathi Publications and Sandur Power in the assets case pertaining to Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy. The CBI took up these cases following a direction earlier from the AP High Court.Responding to the plea of Emaar Properties that the case registered against it by the CBI be quashed, the Bench comprising justices Dalveer Bhandari and Deepak Misra felt that it would be improper to stop the CBI probe in the Emaar case particularly at a time when the probe agency has already filed its charge sheet. The bench, however, while hearing a connected matter filed by freedom fighter Bhimreddy Yella Reddy of Warangal, directed the CBI to conduct its probe uninfluenced by the contents of the order of the AP High Court.The freedom fighter, in his petition, charged the CBI with not looking into the Emaar scam and that it was probing the issue only from the year 2005 though the inception of the issue was in 2000 and wanted then chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu too to be investigated. The counsel for the CBI then informed the Supreme Court that they are in fact probing the scam from 2000 onwards. The bench recorded the same and dismissed both the petition of Emaar Properties and that of Bhimreddy Yellareddy.The bench also refused to stay the ongoing CBI probe into Jagan assets case and dismissed the petitions filed by Jagathi Publications and Sandur Power companies that made such a plea on the ground that the CBI is not looking at the crux of the issue, Quid pro quo benefits flowed into Jagathi on account of the alleged favours done by the then YSR regime to various companies and individuals.Both Jagathi Publications and Sandur Power are owned by Jagan. The two entities have been charged by the CBI in the Jagan assets case with receiving bribes as investments in a quid pro quo arrangement for the YSR regime having granted them various government projects that included allotment of huge chunks of government land and various leases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11882009", "title": "Carnations deck Kodai markets for Valentine's Day", "text": "MADURAI: Nearly two lakh carnations, grown in the upper and lower hills of Kodaikanal in Dindigul district will be used by people throughout the country, predominantly in the metro cities to greet their loved ones, on Valentine's Day.Speaking to The Times of India, deputy director of horticulture, (central schemes) Kodaikanal, S Raja Mohamed said that the National Horticulture Mission (NHM), which was introduced in this region in 2005 - 2006, is gaining momentum as the farmers are beginning to realise the potential of the cut flower market.Kodaikanal's carnations are on a par with their famous Columbian counterparts in terms of quality and colour because of the almost similar climatic conditions in the two regions. Under the NHM, farmers were given a subsidy of Rs 325 per sq metre for polyhouse cultivation, but for the first time in the country farmers in Kodaikanal were given a higher subsidy of Rs 467.50 per sq metre, which was encouraging the cultivators to take it up.Carnations contributed to 90% of the cut flowers cultivated in this region with other flowers like gerberas, roses and bird of paradise, constituting the other 10%. At present, the carnations are grown in 1.10 lakh sq metres and 70% of it is done in polyhouses, which is a protected form of cultivation where the flowers are grown in UV stabilised 200 micron polythene houses.The flowers grown in ideal conditions for their cultivation at temperatures ranging between 13 to 18 degree Celsius are becoming popular among the people due to their longevity. These flowers are believed to look fresh and last for over a week by retaining its colour. In this region, the flower is cultivated in a hue of colours including the reds, which are known in different names such as Domingo, Gaurdina, Trinidad and white varieties like Baltigo, White Dover and the Yellow Liberty. He said that the white and red varieties are the most popular among the flowers.If maintained well, the plants in an area of 1000 sq metres would yield about 500 blossoms per day in the first flush (first flowering). On Valentine's Day , these beautiful blossoms will be priced at Rs 250 for a bunch of 20 flowers. This is a very good pricing for the farmer who spends about Rs 4.50 towards the cultivation of one flower. Usually, about one lakh or less flowers are marketed for a price of about Rs 120 per bunch.The department of horticulture set a target of 24,000 sq metres for this cultivation under the polyhouse method for the year 2011 - 2012, and with carnation cultivation gaining momentum, the officers are positive of reaching this goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11881878", "title": "UP Board lays stress on security of exam question papers", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad have ordered to put the examination question papers in double lockers to ensure safety. The question papers of class X and XII of UP Board will be arriving in the city after the elections.The board examinations will start from March 16. As many as, 72,679 students of high school and 65,314 of intermediate will appear in Board examinations from the city.According to the district inspector of schools (DIOS), more than 5,500 invigilators will be roped in to supervise the examinations. DIOS Shiv Sevak said that the answer-sheets have already been distributed to the nominated centres.\"The question papers of all subjects will be kept inside a special double locker at Government Inter College (GIC),\" he said.The education department had prepared a list 202 examination centres which are roughly 25-30 kms away from the heart of the city. The authorities have decided to conduct screening of such centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879650", "title": "Muslims demand 10% job quota", "text": "HYDERABAD: The All India Muslim Minority Organization (AIMMO) has demanded that the government allocate at least Rs 1,000 crore of the state budget for the development of Muslims and allot at least 10% job reservation for aspirants from the community.Discussing minority issues with various political party representatives and other organizations from across the state, the speakers also stressed that wakf land be protected and special attention be paid to education of Muslim women.Justifying their demand for 10 % reservation, the speakers referred to the Sachar Committee report that had shown Muslims were as backward as SCs, STs and BCs. MA Siddiqui, former state secretary, TDP, said, \"Muslims should be given 10% to 15% reservation. The government should also allocate a minimum of Rs 1,000 crore of the state budget for welfare of Muslims and development of Urdu language.\"Syed Muqtar Hussain, chairman, AIMMO, said that the Congress repeatedly uses the issue of reservation for Muslim candidates only as an election gimmick.Farooq Ahmed of Telangana JAC said that other marginalized sections of society that enjoyed reservation had steered ahead of the Muslim community, and now people have no choice but to go abroad in search of jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11879731", "title": "ID proof must on long-distance trains", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move to prevent misuse of reserved train tickets and reduce cases of travelling on transferred tickets, the ministry of railways has decided that with effect from February 15, 2012, anyone of the passengers/the passenger booked on the ticket issued from computerized Passenger Reservation System (PRS counters) and Internet (e-ticket) undertaking journey in AC-3 tier, AC-2 tier, 1st AC, AC Chair Car and Executive Classes will have to carry one of the nine prescribed proofs of identity (in original) during the journey.Passengers of these AC classes will be required to produce the identity proof in original as and when required, failing which all the passengers booked on that ticket will be treated as without ticket and charged accordingly. But the identity card (in original or its photocopy) will not be required at the time of purchasing the reserved AC tickets from PRS counters or over the internet. These instructions are valid for all categories of trains, with the above mentioned classes of travel.In case of passengers who are automatically upgraded by the system from sleeper Class to AC and in case of passengers who are upgraded by on-board ticket checking staff on realization of difference of fare, the condition of carrying proof of identity during the journey will not be applicable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11881747", "title": "Railways' new system to prevent mishaps", "text": "PATNA: Concerned over frequent mishaps on tracks due to signal overshooting incidents by loco pilots, the railways has taken a policy decision to introduce new and foolproof Train Protection Warning System (TPWS) on all vulnerable and busy routes across the country soon.According to sources, the railways has decided to install TPWS on the busy Delhi-Mumbai and Delhi-Kolkata routes in the first phase. Under the TPWS, there will be an automatic application of emergency brakes in case loco pilots overshoot the red signal either due to human failure or poor visibility, sources said, adding the possibility of mishaps on tracks (head-on collision) could be completely ruled out after the installation of the new device.The estimated cost of installation of this system is likely to be about Rs 50 lakh per km. The railways has decided to complete this project under a pilot project. It is being installed in about 200 km distance on the Delhi-Agra route and in about 60 km distance on the Chennai-Gumudipundi route on a trial basis, sources said.According to a Railway Board official, the railways is likely to incur an expenditure of about Rs 250 crore on completing this project in the first phase. The TPWS is also being considered for introduction in the crowded suburban rail services of Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai, he said. The new device is to be installed in the loco pilot cabin and another in the signal pole all along the rail track for effective functioning of the TPWS. \"As per the proposed plan, the railways is keen to bring about 2,500 km under the automatic signaling system in the first phase which includes the busy Delhi-Mumbai and Delhi-Kolkata and suburban section of Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai routes, the official said.According to a Board official, the TPWS has been in operation in the suburban section of Central and Western Railways. But the new TPWS is being introduced after modification in the existing system to ensure foolproof safety on tracks, he said. The railway ministry has already announced that steps are being taken to reduce mishaps on tracks to zero level across the country in 2012 maintaining strictly safety rules in every zone, sources said, adding a recent study exposed that the maximum number of mishaps on tracks had earlier occurred due to human failure and violation of safety rules.Meanwhile, the East Central Railway (ECR) has also approved the new system to check recurrence of mishaps on tracks. The Howrah-Patna-Mughalsarai-New Delhi and Howrah-Dhanbad-Gaya-Mughalsarai-New Delhi routes are desperately in need of such an advanced signalling system, an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11878582", "title": "Frustration driving Raj to mock Congress, NCP: Manikrao", "text": "NAGPUR: MPCC president Manikrao Thakre said frustration was driving MNS chief Raj Thackeray to mimic and mock Congress and NCP leaders of the state. \"The political statements of MNS and Shiv Sena leaders are highly deplorable. Instead of talking about development, they are lampooning others. This shows that they are losing everywhere,\" he said at a press conference on Sunday.Talking about the campaign by opposition parties, Thakre said, \"Shiv Sena leaders are only focusing their attention on Mumbai and Thane. None of them campaigned for zilla parishad elections. BJP leaders too only concentrated on Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). The two parties have lost hope.\"When asked whether Rs 1 crore rupees seized by Amravati police had been sent from Nagpur, Thakre said that it did not matter from where it had been sent. \"It is legal party fund and we give money to our candidates within election commission limits.\"The MPCC chief claimed media surveys had found that the Congress was winning in all municipal corporations and zilla parishads. However, so far no media group has announced that it is conducting a survey.Commenting on Congress leader Narayan Rane's outburst against NCP leaders, Thakre said that Rane should have maintained restraint. \"He was upset over NCP remarks over law and order situation in his constituency. However, I appeal to all Congress leaders and activists not to make public statements against our allies.\"When asked about deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's criticism of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for not initiating an enquiry into 24X7 water project and Starbuses, Thakre said a probe was not launched as it would be perceived as vindictive politics. \"I assure you there will be an enquiry,\" he said.On Pawar's claim that the state government would give more funds to NMC if Congress-NCP combine is voted to power, Thakre said that Congress did not discriminate against opposition-ruled local bodies. \"Congress leaders are better in securing funds from state and centre,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880521", "title": "Spirit of participation lights up Times event", "text": "KOLKATA: Times Evening, the event organized by The Times of India, turned the lazy evening on Sunday into one of the most memorable days for the residents of Purbanchal cluster I, an apartment in Salt Lake. They participated in a flurry of activities, enjoyed a series of events and finally went home with oodles of prizes.The evening kick-started with Colour My Dream, the painting competition, in which tender hands gave shape to their imagination on the canvas. Ritu Raj Karji walked away with the first prize, followed by Prerana Dasgupta in the second place and Sourav Nandi, the third prize winner. Aviva Life Insurance and Camarena encouraged the young talents with the prizes.Many couples registered their names for the Made For Each Other contest to show that they were indeed two-bodies-one-soul. Samrat and Pratichi Sengupta were declared best couple while Saptarshi and Pampi Ghosh settled for the second spot while Debraj and Pampa Mitra the third.Next followed Master Chef, the cookery contest, where participants prepared some lip-smacking dishes. Rashi Saha succeeded to impress the judges with her Sweet Love preparation. Madhushree Nandi was declared the first runner up for her Tandoori Chicken and Pampi Ghosh the second runner up for her chicken chap.The young and old alike came together to get lucky at the Times Tambola. Madhushree Nandi won prize for the first row while the second and third row went to Suchismita Guha Thakurta and Samrat Sengupta. Shiv Shankar Pal won prize for the Jaldi Five round. The Full House went to Pallavi Pathak.Adding glamour to the evening was Chef Pradip Rozario and Tollywood actress Kanchana Moitra. The two celebrity judges had their hands full with so much happening around.The event was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspeciality Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance. Prizes for the contests were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camarena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sunkwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals, Chowman &amp; Tangerine. Though the mercury was two notches below the normal mark and many had their warm clothes on, none missed out the ice cream treat from Rollick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871857", "title": "Caring for your loved ones is Romance: SRK", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan speaks on being the 'king of romance'.Who better than Shah Rukh Khan to speak on romance on Valentine's day. The superstar who epitomizes romance in hindi cinema, says what makes women go weak in the knees, every time he looks into the eyes of his actress.\"Caring for the person you love is romance for me. I am not as romantic as you see me onscreen. I am quite boring and shy in real life. I don't interact with women too much, I am however gentle with women, I treat them with respect which is why they like me doing romantic films\" says Shah Rukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881588", "title": "Non-political, but out there to make a difference", "text": "PUNE: Civic polls throw up candidates who are either contractors, developers, suppliers or people with a political background. But then there are those who may not fit the bill but are equally enthusiastic about problems faced by the city and have a desire to make a difference.This year, we have a US returned architect, a computer engineer and a Marathi film producer who would try their luck in the civic elections for the first time.Amey Jagtap, 26, is an NCP candidate from ward 36 (panel 36). His area comprises Deccan Gymkhana, Bhandarkar Road and Prabhat Road to Padale Palace. Most voters here are highly qualified. Jagtap has been active in Green Pune Movement so it is obvious his election campaign revolves around the theme 'environment'.\"No car or bike rallies for me. I do not want to spend huge amount on rallies, flex boards and pamphlets. Most pamphlets are thrown away without ever being read,\" Jagtap said. Personal visits, meetings with small groups and use of SMS and social networking sites are my campaign tools, he said.For Anagha Paranjpe-Purohit, a candidate of Pune Janhit Aghadi from ward 29, contesting the civic elections was a logical outcome of being active in society. Anagha holds a master's in urban environmental planning from Arizona State University in the US and had worked in Phoenix . She returned to India in 2003 and got involved into social activities like forming mohalla committees in Bhusari colony, clean-up operation on nullahs with the National Society for Clean Cities.\"I relied on personal contacts and held some rallies as part of the election campaign. I got a good response from citizens in a campaign called \"Know Your Candidate\", where educational qualification and personal performance during the five-year tenure and awareness about civic issues were compared.\"Siddharthya Roy from Aundh has a similar story to share. A candidate of the Pune Nagarik Sanghatana, Roy was earlier working with a multinational IT company, but left the job for this election.\"Working with social organizations and participating in a few campaigns is not sufficient. Once part of the system, you can do a lot. So, I decided to contest elections. My friends and supporters are holding door to door meetings; spreading awareness about the local issues. I run a blog and a portal for communication with the locals, who are mostly techies or occupy high posts in automobile or finance companies,\" Roy said.Roy finds his portal useful to communicate with people.\"Since I was always active about civic issues, it helped me during voters' registration campaign. Many from Aundh and Baner could get their names registered in the voters list. This development will certainly help me during voting,\" he said.For Nilesh Navalakha, success in construction business and film finance was not sufficient.\"I have produced three films so far. When a written test of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena was announced, I decided to be a part of politics. Though I am up against Congress city unit president Abhay Chhajed and Shrikant Pujari from Mukundnagar, my name is already known to some because of films. Society-level meetings have been conducted to form a better personal communication. I think it will be useful for me during this election campaign.\"Sharmila Oswal, the Congress candidate from ward 64, was already active through the Green Energy Foundation and feels it was logical to enter local politics. After completing her law from the UK, she worked in Canada for some four years and returned to Pune recently.\"The situation in the city was surprising. There was little awareness about social facilities for women. I decided to make some changes through the Green Energy Foundation and soon soon realised that I could do much more for society if I was involved in governanceMy emphasis is on zero garbage and waste management,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879195", "title": "'End Polio Now' road show comes to a close", "text": "KOCHI: The nationwide 'End Polio Now' campaign conducted by six Rotarians to spread the message of polio eradication concluded here on Sunday. The Rotarians who started from Coimbatore on Sunday morning were ushered into the city by a motorcade of 50 vehicles.The two-month campaign, organized by Rotary Club district 3201, travelled across 24 states covering 18,500 km for about 65 days, spreading the message of polio eradication. The team conducted camps and seminars to educate the public at large, especially the weaker sections of society. Georgekutty Kariyanappally, who led the rally, said the objective was to create awareness on polio and the necessity to eradicate it. Throughout the campaign the team distributed 'end polio' propaganda materials including leaflets and notices in vernacular languages.The six-member team travelled to 60 cities, 3,000 small towns and villages across India, Nepal and Bhutan to spread the message. During the campaign the team met health ministers, health department officials and those connected with polio eradication programmes. The team also travelled to Wagah border, where they exchanged flags with the Rotarians of Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11883256", "title": "CCB arrests \u2018dead man\u2019, accomplice", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Crime Branch has arrested two JP Nagar I Stage residents for selling property worth several crores of rupees in Nagarbhavi by using fake papers.Police identified the fraudsters as S Gopalakrishna, 54, and R Rangaswamy, 50. Gopalakrishna allegedly impersonated the dead original owner of the land, Nagendra of Gayatri Enterprises. A sum of Rs 10 lakh has been recovered from the duo.Nagendra, an agent of Vijaynagar-based Industrial Workers Cooperative House Building Society, had entered into an agreement to sell housing plots on 44.34 acres of land in Nagarbhavi to society members and collected Rs 1.80 crore. However, the land was notified for acquisition by the BDA. Following Nagendra's failure to get the land denotified, the court had attached all his property to the society.Meanwhile, Nagendra died intestate in 1996 and a court later transferred the land ownership in the society's name.Gopalakrishna and Rangaswamy created fake papers for the property and sold part of the land to Girishkumar of Gandhinagar for Rs 56.5 lakh. Gopalakrishna impersonated the dead Nagendra in this land transaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "11881176", "title": "Villagers boycott polls in Bhadrak", "text": "BHADRAK: More than 300 voters of Mundali village in Purushanda panchayat in Bont block and an equal number from Bhagabanpur village in Bonai panchayat in Bhadrak block boycotted the panchayat polls on Monday in protest against non-fulfillment of sundry demands regarding the development of their villages.While people of Mundali village have submitted several memorandums for the construction of a 3-km-long road from Agarpada to their village to the block development officer of Bont, villagers of Bonai panchayat have been demanding an all weather road, installation of tube-wells and proper implementation of the schemes of Indira Awas Yojana and widow pension in their village. Bonai villagers had warned in January to boycott the polls if their demands were not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879260", "title": "Father accuses daughter, son-in-law of theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man has accused his daughter and son-in-law of theft. The complaint was filed, said Ranip police, after the man's daughter eloped with a youth and married him without his consent.As per Ranip police, Puja Patel, 19, and Rahul Sharma , 22, residents of Sabarmati were romantically involved. \"On January 10 they eloped and got married. When Puja's father Ram Patel came to know, he was angry. On January 20, he spoke to Puja offered to get her married formally to her husband. The girl was convinced and she returned home. Puja now tells us that she was abducted and kept under house arrest in her home,\" said Ranip police officials.On Sunday Patel approached Ranip police officials and told them that Rahul had misled his daughter and made false promises and got married to her. Patel also accused Rahul of stealing Rs 2.3 lakh worth of gold ornaments from home. However, police got suspicious and questioned the girl separately. \"She told us that she had come to the police station under duress of her father and that he was forcing her to file a false complaint,\" said Ranip police. When police told Patel about his daughter's statement, he left the police station in a huff. \"Later, we tracked down Rahul and asked him to take his wife home,\" said Ranip police.The matter though was far from over. On Monday the Ranip cops got a phone call from the office of the director general of police, Gujarat. \"We were first asked why we had not filed Patel's complaint, when we told the senior officials what had transpired in the police station,\" said Ranip police.Later though, Ranip police did file a complaint. This time the plaint was against Puja and Rahul, accusing them of theft of gold ornaments from Patel's home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11881245", "title": "CS, cops to probe Vijai's 'bribe for jobs' statement", "text": "PANAJI: The office of the chief electoral officer has asked the chief secretary and Goa police to probe into a statement reportedly made by former Congress general secretary Vijai Sardesai, who alleged that he had bribed the party to give jobs to people from Fatorda constituency.\"The complaint was lodged by Aires Rodrigues. We have referred the matter to the chief secretary and the police department for an inquiry,\" said joint chief electoral officer Narayan Navti.Assembly elections 2012 newsGoa assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881612", "title": "No post-poll alliance with MNS: BJP", "text": "PUNE: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) state unit president Sudhir Mungantiwar on Monday ruled out a possibility of a post-election alliance or understanding with Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). He said the BJP, Shiv Sena and Republican Party of India (RPI-Athavale faction) will not take help from the MNS to reach a majority.Mungantiwar was speaking to reporters after releasing the BJP manifesto for the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections.Asked about a possibility of a post-election understanding with the MNS, if the BJP-Sena-RPI alliance fails to get a majority, he said, \"We would not require help from anyone. We will get a majority on our own. They (MNS) have a railway engine without any bogies. BJP-Sena and RPI are strong enough to get the required numbers to come to power.\"Mungantiwar came down heavily on the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and said that in the last five years, the NCP's rule has ruined the civic infrastructure and encouraged corruption.\"The NCP wants power to garner money. They kept the formation of the Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority pending and delayed the approval of the Development Plan only because of vested interests. The former municipal commissioner, Mahesh Zagade, who had taken an initiative against illegal constructions in the city, was transferred by the NCP. The ring road project was not completed because of clash of interests between Ajit Pawar and Chhagan Bhujbal ,\" he said.Commenting on NCP president Sharad Pawar's statement that BJP's 'vulgar culture' does not suit Pune, Mungantiwar said, \"The BJP immediately directed the three ministers watching the objectionable video in the Karnataka assembly to resign. Recently an NCP MLA was arrested in a rape case. What action has the NCP take against him?\"Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said, \"Even two years after the German Bakery blast, the state government and police have failed to reach the root of the case. The law and order in the city is at a low. Despite having power in the state and centre, the Congress and NCP have failed to maintain the law-and-order situation in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11881509", "title": "GTU panel to hear 178 students caught copying", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The examination reforms committee of the Gujarat Technical University will conduct the hearing for 178 students of various disciplines of the total 250 against whom copying cases were registered. The hearing will be conducted on February 14 and 15.The copying cases were registered in December 2011 when the varsity conducted examinations for degree and diploma engineering, MBA, MCA, pharmacy and other disciplines. A committee of 10 members has also recorded the versions of 72 students. The committee will declare the results, which were withheld due to the cases, around February 25.The varsity will also declare the punishment in cases where the students have been debarred or failed. There are as many as six categories of punishment in copying cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11883874", "title": "Celebrity winners of the Best Facial Hair Awards", "text": "While the celebrities strut their stuff on various red carpets this month, we thought we'd hand out a few awards of our own. Welcome to the very first Best Facial Hair Awards. The envelope, please !The Mountain Man Beard Award: Jake GyllenhaalJake Gyllenhaal's mountain man beard might be long and bushy, but he keeps it combed, expertly trimmed and healthy-looking. When dealing with facial hair at this length, maintenance is key to avoiding an overgrown and unkempt nest full of woodland creatures.Best Funny Man Mustache Award: Eddie MurphyWhile Tower Heist won't win the Oscar for Best Picture, Murphy's finely trimmed chevron mustache deserves an award for the way its angular shape balances out his oval face.Best Hair Ball Award: QuestloveIf you're going to sport a voluminous afro, follow Questlove's (of The Roots ) lead and grow a full beard to help balance out the look and avoid looking like you're wearing a hair helmet. His beard emphasizes his strong jawline, anchoring his incredible hairstyle and bringing the entire look together.Best Eyebrows on a Solo Artist Award: DrakeThere's nothing worse than a man with over-plucked, barely-there eyebrows. Drake's thick but tidy brows properly frame his eyes, without looking overdone or overgrown. Gentlemen, don't forget: There should be two.Best Mustache on a Muppet Award: Swedish ChefYou might not understand what the Swedish Chef has to say, but his mustache is perfectly clear. The Chef's 'stache strikes a delicate balance between his bulbous nose, gaping mouth and wild eyebrows. If you have large features, dainty facial hair will only serve to make things look larger.Best Breakup Beard: Russell BrandBreaking up is hard to do, but funnyman Russell Brand does it in style. His recent split from pop star Katy Perry has left him with a dastardly, pirate-worthy beard that gives him a brooding look -- an appropriate style for a recent divorce, if you ask us.Best Performance by a Goatee and Mustache Duo: Kanye WestKanye West keeps his mustache short, expertly trimmed and narrow to avoid adding weight between his nose and lip. Instead, he turns the focus to his goatee, which emphasizes his strong chin and jawline.Best Rock 'n' Roll Beard Award: Lenny KravitzWhen you're a rock 'n' roll icon, you can pull off any look, but Kravitz keeps his beard short, trimmed and only slightly wild. The beard slims down his round face and balances out the roundness of his hairstyle, while highlighting his mouth and lips (not a bad thing when you're a singing front man).Best Smooth(ish) Stubble Award: John LegendWhen you're a smooth soul singer, you need facial hair that will complement your gentlemanly style while upping your game. John Legend's perfect short stubble adds a dash of roughness to his boyish face -- but not enough to scare off the ladies.And our awards for most dubious facial hair styles go to ...The Trying-too-hard Stubble Award: Adam LevineMaroon 5 front man Adam Levine has perfected the art of the stubble -- and that's the problem. It's almost too perfect. Stubble is meant to look accidental, to sport an air of, \"I woke up looking this good.\" Levine's stubble is so evenly trimmed and shaped that it appears overworked. He could use a lesson from Lenny Kravitz .Most Awkward-looking Beard Award: Robert PattinsonWhen teenage girls proclaim their undying (undead?) love for you at every turn, sometimes you need to don a disguise just to get a little peace. Nothing can change your look quicker than a beard. Unfortunately, Edward's -- I mean, Robert's -- beard looks awkward on his boyish face and drains away his usual good looks. A perfect disguise, indeed!Nick Burns is one of the leading grooming writers in the country. He has contributed to numerous publications, including GQ, Esquire , Details and The New York Times, and is co-author of The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11879417", "title": "No water supply in city today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There will be no water supply in most of the parts of city on Tuesday due to urgent repair works in the pipelines. Engineering wing of the MC will shut down the water supply from 9am to 6.30pm. The water supply will be at low pressure even later in the evening and night hours. As per information of Chandigarh municipal corporation, water supply would be halted in the sectors 31 to 47, 20-C and D, 21-C and D, 23 to 25, Industrial Area Phase-I and Industrial Area Phase II. \"Though repair work will be completed by evening, but in some parts, water supply will be at low pressure. The public is requested to store water as per their requirement well in advance and to bear with the corporation,\" an official of the MC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879602", "title": "Cabbie found dead in his vehicle at Shamshabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A cab owner was found dead in his vehicle under mysterious circumstances at Shamshabad on Monday.The victim was identified as Bal Reddy, 34, of Rajillapur in Karimnagar district. According to the police, Reddy was hired by a Karimanagar-based businessman on February 11 to go to the Shamshabad airport.After dropping the passenger at Shamshabad airport, Reddy decided to wait there as the former said that he would return the next day and then they could go back to Karimnagar together.Accordingly, Reddy parked his Indica (AP 15 AP 6289) near a restaurant on NH-7. On February 12 at around 4 am, Reddy called up his wife Srilatha and told her that he was having a chest pain and cut the call. Later, all the phone calls made by the family members went unanswered and at about 2 pm, the phone got switched off.His worried family then started looking for him. \"They reached the city late in the night and found Reddy's parked car on NH-7. They found his body reclining in the front passenger seat,\" RGI Airport SI N Jayaram said. Police said his nose was bleeding.Based on a complaint lodged by the victim's brother Srinivas Reddy, a suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of the CrPC and the body was sent to Osmania General Hospital for post-mortem. \"We suspect that the death could have been due to ill health but the exact reason would be known only after the report comes,\" the SI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11869518", "title": "I am Amy Jackson\u2019s tour guide: Prateik", "text": "He cancelled his Friday lunch appointment with us - \"I have got a migraine attack\" - and said he wanted to 'catch up for dinner'. Probably it was the sumptuous meal that made the otherwise shy Prateik open up to Mumbai Mirror.Let's start with your forthcoming film Ek Deewana Tha...ETD is a cute film. I play a Maharashtrian guy who aspires to be a filmmaker. Amy Jackson plays a Malayali Christian. The film has a very real romance.Didn't the real romance on celluloid become a bit too real? Amy and I are very close. I share everything with her. But we are still not dating each other per se. I am trying to be a good host and tour guide to her.What would you say about your last film My Friend Pinto? People still ask me the film's release date (laughs). A few of my scenes were edited and I got a lot of flak for it. We actors had no clue how the final film looked and we were still promoting it. When we saw it, we were rather disappointed. Sanjay Leela Bhansali seemed a little disinterested in the project. He would come on the sets only when the songs were shot. Never for the scenes. And eventually he had stopped coming.Will you work with Bhansali again? Depends. I have a standard approach. If the storyline and script connects...How's your relationship with your father? Normal. Working dad. Working son. We don't have too much time to spend with each other (pauses).Your dad is penning a book to counter the allegations against him about spending less time with you during your formative years ... I am curious about the book. As a kid, I didn't get to see my parents together. It will be like a fairytale to me.Many people think you are 'lost' most of the time. What do you keep thinking about? Earlier, I used to feel awkward in a crowd. People looking at me with wide-open eyes make me nervous.But your step-brother calls you Casanova... I wish he was right. I like women. I am straight. But no, I am not a Casanova I am a simple 25-year-old guy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11878349", "title": "Crowd response enthuses Rahul Gandhi", "text": "VARANASI: Youth on the city outskirts braved heavy rain to listen to Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi as he wound off the campaign for the third phase on Monday.The response from the crowd proved a booster dose for Rahul as he delivered a fiery speech targeting his opponents though the content of his speech was not different from whatever he has been saying.Rahul's arrival at Kachcha Baba Inter College premises in Jalhupur area, about 20km from the city, was delayed for about three hours due to overcast weather. This area is situated on the border of Shivpur and Ajgara (SC) assembly constituencies. Just five kilometers away from this venue the Bahujan Samaj Party supremo and chief minister Mayawati had held a grand show at Gaura Kala on February 10.In comparison to Maya's show the gathering at Rahul's public meeting was surely less. But the massive participation of enthused youths and women, who stayed at election meeting venue by keeping the chairs above their head to save themselves from rain, made the party leaders as well as Rahul jubilant. Immediately after landing at Jalhupur, Rahul indulged in his tricks to win the heart of people of this backward zone by calling a local tiny boy Akash on dais and keep talking with him until the turn came to deliver his speech.While he started by targeting the BJP, he then highlighted how the schemes and programmes like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA), idea to waive the debts of farmers and fulfilling the demands of weavers came in the mind of Congress leadership by going among countrymen. After it he started firing salvos at both the Samajwadi Party and BSP.\"The SP has become hopeless regarding the possibly of generating employment in the state, said Rahul asking a youth Navin standing in the crowd \"What do you want? Employment or unemployment allowance? On getting a desired reply 'employment, he said, \"When my chopper could not take off after the end of public meeting at Pratapgarh due to bad weather I interacted the local youths who also said that they didn't want any allowance to stay unemployed.\" He said that in past 22 years Mayawati and SP came to power and took away the public money on their elephant and bicycle.\"The promises don't run the state, said Rahul adding, \"I have come to say you to show your confidence in me. I am ready to work hard to change the fate of state and see it developing like other states.\" With these words he ended the speech and came down the stage with Akash and reached near the crowd to hand him over to his grandmother. He was also shaking hand with many youths standing in crowd. But, on noticing that the craziness to touch him was increasing that left security personnel sweating he left the meeting venue and boarded his chopper.UP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11881692", "title": "Milky Way\u2019s black hole \u2018eating\u2019 asteroids", "text": "WASHINGTON: The supermassive black hole at the heart of the Milky Way may be devouring asteroids on a daily basis, a new study based on findings by Nasa's Chandra spacecraft has suggested . The Chandra X-ray Observatory , named in honour of Indian physicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar , has been detecting Xray flares about once a day coming from our galaxy's central black hole known as Sagittarius A* (Sgr A*) for several years.Now, researchers found that these flares may actually be caused by asteroids falling into the black hole's maw. \"People have had doubts about whether asteroids could form at all in the harsh environment near a supermassive black hole,\" said lead study author Kastytis Zubovas of University of Leicester in the UK.\"It's exciting because our study suggests that a huge number of them are needed to produce these flares,\" Zubovas said. The researchers suggested that a cloud around Sgr A* contains trillions of asteroids and comets that the black hole stripped from their parent stars.Asteroids passing within 160 million km of the black hole - roughly the distance between the Earth and the Sun - are likely torn to pieces by Sgr A*'s gravity, they said. These fragments would be vaporized by friction as they encounter the hot gas flowing onto the black hole, much as meteors are burned up by gases in Earth's atmosphere.This vaporization, they said, likely spawns the X-ray flares, which last for a few hours and range in brightness from a few times to nearly 100 times that of black hole's regular output.Sgr A* then swallows up what's left of the close-flying asteroid , added the researchers who detailed their findings in the 'Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11880280", "title": "Legal stamp on parking lot opposite Grand", "text": "KOLKATA: An illegal parking lot bang in the middle of a busy thoroughfare has been legalized by the civic body, apparently because it did not want to lose out on the revenue that was being pocketed by unscrupulous elements.Last week, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) roads department marked the stretch along JL Nehru Road opposite the Oberoi Grand as a single-lane, parallel-to-kerb parking space. But the civic body obviously hasn't thought of the traffic mess that a parking lot along the median of the north-south lifeline of a city can trigger.Traffic police officers, however, admitted that legalizing the parking lot, which is metres from the Park Street flyover, could affect traffic movement badly. Parking along the median of a road completely violates the basic principle of traffic engineering, they said.Previous KMC boards have taken different stands on this parking lot, but strangely enough, none could do away with it. The Left Front board used to allow parking there, but marked it as 'illegal'. The Trinamool Congress-led board (2000-'05) banned it after the Lindsay Street parkomat was built. Since the project was taken up by a private player on build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis, it was decided that KMC would ban parking in areas close to Lindsay Street.But for reasons unknown, the parking lot remained. The traffic police tried to get rid of it several times, but they stopped short of evicting the operator. \"Parking was allowed unofficially and the money used to go into personal pockets, not to the KMC coffers,\" said a civic official.So, the civic body has now decided to legalize it, said member, mayor-in-council (parking) Rajib Deb. \"We are regularizing a lot of irregular things. Because of the parking lot's illegal status, the KMC was losing out on revenue,\" he said.But what about the traffic chaos that it's likely to cause? \"We found the road wide enough to accommodate a single-lane parking beside the median divider opposite the Oberoi Grand. If parking is systematized, traffic movement will also be smooth,\" was the MMiC's justification.But does this legalization not violate the agreement between the operator of the parkomat and the KMC? \"We have a parking committee. It has found that the ban on parking would only encourage illegal parking along that stretch. We are sorting out the issue with the parking plaza operator on how to compensate for their loss because of the legalization of the parking lot.\"Besides JL Nehru Road, illegal parking is also allowed at Humayun Place, the road that leads to New Market from JL Nehru Road. Cars are parked perpendicular to the kerb along Humayun Place, leaving the road absolutely impenetrable for any car. Several NGOs and city planners have appealed to KMC to make this road only a walkway, but to no avail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11879281", "title": "Panel to recruit staff for schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) announced the results of the Teacher's Eligibility Test ( TET) for candidates aiming for the position of teachers and principals in secondary schools all over the state, a selection committee has been appointed to conduct the further recruitment process.Officials said that the selection committee would consist of seven members. The commissioner of schools will be chairman of the panel, the chairman of the board, deputy education secretary and joint education secretary will be members of the selection committee.Educationists Hasmukh Patel and Mahadev Desai will be non-government members of the committee while president of the Gujarat State School Management Association Ambubhai Patel has also been appointed on the panel.Education department officials said while the government representatives will be permanent members, the term of other members will be of one year.The appointment of the selection committee is expected to set the recruitment process rolling wherein 4,000 teachers and 1,200 principals will be appointed. The decision to form a recruitment board by the education department has been challenged in the court by schools managements saying that recruitment of teachers and principals and selection of candidates should be the prerogative of the school managements.Meanwhile, there are reports that Ambubhai Patel's appointment on the selection committee could be opposed as some school managements are not happy with their exclusion from the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11881487", "title": "Day temperatures on the rise", "text": "PUNE: Hot conditions prevailed during the afternoon hours in the city on Monday as the day temperatures have gone up noticeably by 5.5 degrees celsius over the last five days.The maximum temperature was recorded at 34.4 degrees celsius, two notches above normal, on Monday. This is in sharp contrast to the 28.9 degrees celsius recorded last Thursday (February 9), when the city had also recorded the coldest night in the last one decade at 4.6 degrees celsius.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) is expecting the day and night temperatures to remain in the range of 34 degrees celsius and 11 degrees celsius in the next 24 hours.In fact, the day temperatures have gone up appreciably i.e. a difference of 2 to 4 degrees celsius above normal in most parts of the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre.The popular monsoon getaway of Bhira, located about 70 km west of Pune, recorded the hottest day in the country at 36.5 degrees celsius on Sunday, IMD's director (weather central) Sunitha Devi S told TOI.On Monday, Ahmednagar in central Maharashtra recorded the state's highest temperature at 36.2 degrees celsius. It also recorded the state's lowest temperature at 10.8 degrees celsius. Malegaon and Nashik recorded 33 degrees celsius and 31.9 degrees celsius respectively, while Sangli recorded 35.8 degrees celsius and Kolhapur 34.9 degrees celsius.Devi said, \"The rise in day temperatures is mainly due to the lack of moisture as well as cloud formation. The prevailing synoptic conditions are not favourable to moisture incursion and formation of clouds, which, in turn, is leading to clear sky conditions during day time.\"She said, \"As a result, there is more incoming solar radiation, which is leading to a rise in temperatures.\"The day temperatures were also three notches above normal at prominent places in Vidarbha region, including Amravati, Akola and Chandrapur, while the same was the case with Parbhani in Marathwada region.However, the maximum temperatures were 1 to 2 degrees celsius below normal at prominent places in the Konkan and Goa belt, which includes Mumbai. The Santa Cruz observatory in Mumbai recorded 28.3 degrees celsius, while Ratnagiri and Dahanu recorded 29.6 degrees celsius and 26.3 degrees celsius, respectively.Pune Day Temperatures In Last 5 DaysFeb 12: 34 deg celsius (+2)Feb 11: 32 deg celsius (0)Feb 10: 29.8 deg Celsius (-2)Feb 9: 28.9 deg celsius (-2)Feb 8: 29.3 deg celsius (-2)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11879951", "title": "Greener pastures open in banking sector", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Muslim education institutions in Malabar have taken a cue from the state government in their interest towards Islamic banking.While state government is expecting more funds to come to the state through the new banking system, the educational institutions here are gearing up to offer specialized courses anticipating a huge manpower requirement.Though the RBI nod to start operations for the Islamic finance company Al Baraka Financial Services, promoted by state government's Kerala State Industries Development Corporation, is awaited, the job market is abuzz with the enormous job potential it is likely to offer.Islamic banking is an interest-free banking system operated in accordance with Sharia laws that prohibits taking or giving interest. Under the system, banks do not pay interests on deposits nor do they charge interest on loans. The money deposited is used to finance projects on ownership basis.The fact that many graduates in the state have got lucrative job offers at MNCs in west Asia in companies offering Shariah-compliant mutual funds and venture capital funds has increased the lure for the courses.\"We have seen a growing interest for our postgraduate diploma in Islamic economics and finance (PGDIEF) course. Currently we offer 40 seats a year but the number of applicants last year was nearly 200,\" said Mohammed Pallath, chief coordinator of the course at Al Jamia Al Islamiya, a religious college, at Santhapuram. The institution also offers diploma courses of IGNOU in Islamic banking, Islamic finance and Islamic insurance.Shoukath Ali, a faculty member teaching Islamic finance at the institution, said that requirement for qualified professionals in Islamic finance will see a big rise once the non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) like Al-Baraka and other projects take off. He said that by adopting Islamic banking the state can channel billions of rupees needed for development activities.There are many other institutions in Malappuram and Kozhikode which offer similar courses. The Elijah Institute of Management Studies in Thrissur has recently started offering a postgraduate diploma course in Islamic banking and management as an add-on course for their MBA students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11884324", "title": "Celebs share their experiences on V-Day", "text": "From mushy to being macho, first love was always special. Not to mention the first heartbreak. On V-Day, celebs share their pehla khatta-meetha experience...First kiss, QMy first kiss was more an experiment of a physical nature. There was nothing romantic about it. The girl and I were both very young and wanted to figure out what the big deal about rubbing mouths was! We sneaked out of a gathering and went to the terrace to find out all about it. It was a long kiss and both of us were happy at the end of it. Frankly speaking, ever since then, I've been quite into it.First proposal, Srijit MukherjiI was a student of class IX, when I lost my heart to a girl. She was our classmate and a close pal of my best friend. One day, at a coaching class, I uttered those three charmed words to her. She told me she needs some time to make up her mind. I remember we were busy with our group studies when one day, much like the host at the Oscars, she announced that she loves my best friend! We were in the midst of a chemistry session, when she told me: 'Tor ar amar chemistry ta thik jomlo na re'.First physical intimacy, RiiIt came really early, when I first got to know of my own physical presence as a woman. I was in a co-ed school, there were more boys than girls. There were temptations all around. I cosied up on the terrace of my school on a certain Valentine's Day , years back. Yes, it was a perfect celebration of love, complete with chocolates, cards, kisses and an understanding of how a girl turns into a woman one fine day, just like that.First love letter, SrijatoI felt the first flush of love in class XI. A new girl had joined us. Soon, we became friends. I was in the habit of scribbling in my red diary, those were mostly poems. I would burn the midnight oil to write poems so that she could go through the lines the next day. Often, I'd put the pieces of paper in an envelope and hand it to her. Those can be called my first love letters.First date, Parno MittraI quite liked the boy next door. We would often meet up outside tuition classes. When I was in class VIII, on Valentine's Day, we thought of going out on a date. But that meant seeking permission from home. So, one had to make do with the available time. My first date was all about having phuchka . Just that we took a longer route back home. The excuse given at home was extended tuition classes. I still remember that the phuchka was so spicy that I had to buy a two-in-one ice cream, and yes, we both shared one.First heartbreak, Debajyoti MishraI was 15, when I first fell for a girl. She used to study in a school, next to mine. A pretty face, she had a handsome boyfriend, who would even play table tennis. Even though I fell hook, line and sinker for her, she was visibly unperturbed. When we became friends, I remember taking her on a ride on the giant wheel. She had vertigo and would cling to me. Those were the moments. I would even play the violin to her. One day, she was waiting for her school bus, when I thought of proposing to her in a filmy way. But I fell off my bicycle, embarrassing her in front of her friends. She told me: 'Concentrate on the violin. Don't try to be a roadside Romeo'. I was heartbroken.First crush, Robin SinghWhen I was in class VIII, I lost my heart to a classmate of mine. I used to like her since class VII. She was very tall, pretty and simple. I had this life-altering crush on her. We had some common friends and that's how I approached her. Well, initially she had said yes, but we broke up the very next day. Sadly, after all these years, I don't even remember the face of my first crush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11878900", "title": "Two injured in tea garden clash", "text": "JORHAT: Two persons were injured, one of them critically, in a clash between tea garden workers at Khongia tea estate in Dimow area of Sivasagar district on Monday.The injured were identified as estate manager G N Singh and garden worker Udaynath Mudy. They were rushed to the Dimow civil hospital and later Mudy was referred to Assam Medical College Hospital, Dibrugarh for better treatment.Police said a land-related dispute turned violent when one of the workers attacked the manager of the garden with a sharp weapon.\"We have received a complaint from the manager of Khongia tea estate that a worker named Udaynath Mudy, who resides near the tea garden, attacked him by a dao in an attempt to kill him when the former tried to control a clash between some tea labourers. The accused attacked the manager without any reasonable ground and Singh sustained severe injuries,\" said OC of Dimow police station Sanjib Boruah.He added that investigation is on and one person has been arrested so far in connection with the case.Manager G N Singh meanwhile said, \"A few day ago, group of garden workers decided to build a temple on a plot of land under the Haldhibari line of the tea garden and, accordingly, they began construction work there on Monday.\"But Udaynath Mudy claimed that the land belonged to him and opposed the construction of the temple. So a clash occurred between the two sides and it soon spiralled out of control, Singh explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11882726", "title": "Confusion at the toll gate", "text": "BANGALORE: Commuters had a tough time at the toll plaza on the way to the city. While some blamed cabbies for having kept them in dark about the toll, some drivers paid at the toll booth and added it to the bill. \"I was not told earlier about the toll. The driver told me just before we arrived at the toll gate that the customer has to pay the toll amount,\" said Gulshan Kumar, from Delhi who arrived in city on Monday.Naveen KP, a taxi driver, said: \"We make four to five trips a day and if we have to pay the toll amount from our pockets, we'll end losing the profit we earn per day,\" he said. Veerappa Patil and Dilip Kumar, two other cabbies, paid at the toll plaza but added it to the bill they gave to their customers.UNFRIENDLY TOLL OPERATORSThere was the odd case of toll operators not returning change to drivers. One Maruti Omni van driver was given a toll ticket of a jeep and when he demanded the correct ticket, he was spoken to rudely. He showed mediapersons the receipt which had some other vehicle number on it. When the two men started arguing, three men appeared on the scene and tried to rough up the driver. When mediapersons started clicking photographs and questioning the men, they said they were from a private construction company but did not have any ID proof.The matter was solved at the toll office and the driver was let off. Traffic piled up when a number of domestic and international flights landed at BIA from noon to 2pm. On an average, three vehicles passed each toll counter every minute. There were some vehicles which had already paid at the plaza on the Devanahalli road, 2km from the toll plaza under the trumpet flyover and were asked to pay again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11882439", "title": "I was never single, says Riteish Deshmukh", "text": "Most Bollywood stars start their 'career' with their debut film. Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D'Souza started off a 'romance' with theirs.From Tujhe Meri Kasam in 2003, to exchanging vows in 2012, the star couple sure has come a long way. However, theirs had not been the quintessential wedding.After a big sangeet and a bigger marriage reception party, there had been no big plans of a Honeymoon. \"It's an actor's life. We are dictated by our films,\" sighs Riteish, who had been promoting his upcoming film Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya with wife and co-star Genelia in Ahmedabad on the eve of Valentine's Day.Both husband and wife agree that life has been \"hectic\" ever since they tied the knot. \"After the wedding, I played CCL ( Celebrity Cricket League),\" says Riteish in a matter-of-fact way. This was followed by a trip to Vaishno Devi and promotional tour for their film Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya. \"There is no time to think,\" adds Genelia.But neither Riteish nor Gen have any regrets. \"I am enjoying this phase of my life. I am happy the way it is. I love my life,\" says Riteish happily. Calling it \"the best phase of her life\", his wife agrees.\"It's lovely to spend time with someone. We have been having fun. None of us drink. But even then, we've been doing a lot together,\" reveals Genelia.\"People at the airport have been congratulating me. Even in the aircraft. It was really sweet,\" reveals Riteish. Despite the millions of congratulatory messages, the 'married' feeling, Genelia says, has not sunk in yet.As for her husband, he believes he is still the same. \"I didn't know how it was to be a bachelor. I never felt like one. I think it's a mental state,\" explains Riteish.Mr and Mrs Deshmukh are now looking forward to, not a honeymoon, but the release of their film Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya. And Genelia feels, \"People will want to see the 'pair'.\"We wish the same for the happy couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11879263", "title": "Kochi Metro will have five coaches", "text": "KOCHI: Hinting that Kochi Metro may chug off soon, the Union urban development ministry handed over the revised draft plan to the finance ministry on Monday. The proposal will be placed before the Public and Investment Board (PIB) soon.The new report prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has suggested the number of coaches be increased from three to five. There are proposals to extend the alignment of the Metro to Nedumbassery and West Kochi. After PIB approval, the project has to get the nod of Union cabinet.Revenue officials have expedited measures for acquiring land for the project. The state government has allotted Rs 150 crore for the preparatory works. DMRC has started the renovation of North ROB as part of the preparatory work. The initial work for the Salim Rajan Flyover connecting Salim Rajan Road and Mullassery Canal Road has also started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880283", "title": "Potholed roads a major problem", "text": "The BMC has faced a lot of flak for the poor condition of roads as potholes develop every monsoon. The civic body has spent Rs 4454.88 crore in the last five years on roads and another Rs 170 crore to fill potholes during monsoons. The ruling saffron alliance had promised that all major roads, wider than 30 feet, would be concretised by the end of its five-year term.Of the total 1,940 km of roads, 850 km comprises major roads. But in the last 10 years, the BMC managed to concretise only 500 km and work on 350 km of major roads remains.The BMC didn't start any road projects in the last two years citing a fund crunch, but has initiated repairs worth Rs 900 crore on over 800 roads ahead of the civic elections. Work is scheduled to finish before the monsoon, but the BMC is likely to miss the first deadline, which is the end of this month.N V Merani, chairman of the Standing Advisory Technical Committee, said, \"Roads have improved in the last five years but improvement has been sporadic. This has not benefitted a lot of people but only a few corporators. Planned projects should be undertaken to benefit more people. Lack of municipal engineers will also affect work quality. The BMC should faithfully comply with the remarks of quality auditors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11879765", "title": "Protests greet governor in Assembly", "text": "HYDERABAD: The budget session on Monday started off on a fiery note with opposition members, barring MIM, walking out on governor E S L Narasimhan's customary address to the joint session of the Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council.After a brief respite for the national anthem, the refurbished Old Assembly building, venue for the joint session, echoed with vociferous protests from opposition members who asked the governor to go back. As soon as Narasimhan began his speech, TRS members hurled shredded pieces of the speech copies at him while TDP members stormed the podium holding placards and raising slogans against corrupt ministers.A composed Narasimhan, however, refused to be distracted by the chaos around him and continued his speech at an unprecedented speed, concluding the formality in 35 minutes. Unlike in 2011, the governor did not skip portions of his 40-page speech with the marshals forming a security ring around him. This time around, TRS and TDP members, however, did not try to manhandle him.All parties were quick to deride the governor for failing to make a mention about important issues like corruption and farmers' misery. While Telugu Desam Party (TDP) members walked out in protest against the governor's failure to dismiss ministers facing charges of corruption and government's inaction to address important issues of public concern, Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), Communist Party of India (CPI) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLAs lamented the omission of the Telangana issue in the governor's address. The Communist Party of India-Marxists (CPM) deplored the government's failure to distribute relief to distressed farmers in more than 950 drought-affected mandals across the state.There was unprecedented security on the Assembly premises with security personnel deployed even in the alleys to the Central Hall. Keeping in mind the unprecedented incidents last year, an extended podium was erected in the Central Hall to prevent unruly members from getting close.Reeling out the growth story, the governor reaffirmed his government's resolve for 'speedier and balanced' economic development for delivering the fruits to the needy and the deserving sections of society. He noted that all the three sectors of the state economy showed impressive growth during the XIth five-year plan, with an overall economic growth reaching 8 per cent in the first four years of the plan period.\"In recent times, the economy of Andhra Pradesh has been showing a definitive positive growth trends and is inching close towards the national trends. Relentless efforts of the governments over the previous five-year plans started paying dividends slowly, yet surely,\" he said.\"The per capita income of the state has more than doubled in the last five years and stood at Rs 60,484 at current prices, which was more than the all-India per capita of Rs 54,835. The agriculture sector, which was rather sluggish during the Xth plan period, showed definite improvement and recorded a growth rate in excess of 7 per cent during the first four years of the XIth plan,\" he pointed out.Referring to industrial development, the governor said the state was able to achieve a growth rate of 9.22 % as against the national average of 7.16 %, despite a slowdown of economy at the global and the national levels.\"During the recent partnership summit, the state could issue sanction letters and sign MoUs valued at Rs 6.48 lakh crore with an employment potential of 6.78 lakh jobs. The investment proposals included Rs 1.25 lakh crore by state and central public sector undertakings and another Rs 1 lakh crore in the form of Foreign Direct Investment ( FDI).The state's Industrial Investment Policy 2010-15 envisages an employment target of five lakh with a possible investment of Rs 15,000 crore per year for achieving 17% growth in the manufacturing sector. As the food processing sector is going to play a vital role in industrial development in future, a proposal has been forwarded to the government of India for setting up a second mega food park in Nizamabad district in addition to the one established at Palamaneru in Chittoor,\" the governor informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "chennai ", "code": "11880986", "title": "Four die in smash-up on GST Road", "text": "CHENNAI : Four people, including two men from Chennai, died on the spot when a Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation bus travelling at high speed rear-ended an SUV and sent the vehicle hurtling over the median and into the path of a car on Grand Southern Trunk (GST) Road on Monday.Three people were seriously injured in the mishap in Melavalampettai near Maduranthakam, 79 km south of Chennai.Two people each in the SUV and the car died in the accident. The bus driver, Vibishanan, 29, of Thinalur village in Orathy, fled from the scene but was arrested later. Police officers identified the victims in the car as Bhuminathan, 50, and Sabapathi, 40, both businessmen from T Nagar.Subramanian, a retired RTO official and a resident of Chengalpet, and Semman Mudaliyar, 62, of Chengalpet, also died in the smash-up. They were in the SUV with Ravi, Uma Maheshwari and Selvaraj, who have been admitted to Maduranthakam Government Hospital with injuries. The bodies of the victims were handed over to their relatives at Chengalpet Medical College Hospital. There were over 100 passengers in the bus at the time of the accident but only a few passengers suffered minor bruises. Ateam led by Kancheepuram SP (in charge) John Chellaiah and additional SP K Bhaskar visited the spot and cleared traffic after vehicles were held up for a short while.\"A case has been filed against the driver under three sections of the IPC, 279 (rash driving), 337 (endangering life of others) and 304A (causing death by negligence),\" DSP (Maduranthakam),\" B Sridevi told TOI. A police officer said the impact of the collision sent the SUV flying over the wide median to the opposite side of the road and into the oncoming car.\"The median on GST Road is very wide, especially after Tambaram. The bus that hit the SUV must have been travelling at high speed. The front of the bus was completely crushed,\" he said.The five occupants of the SUV were heading to Melmaruvathur Temple from Chengalpet. Police said Subramanian, who was driving the SUV, brought the vehicle to a halt near the median around 9.45am.\"Eyewitnesses said the SUV appeared to wobble and Subramanian stopped to find that one of the rear tyres was flat,\" the officer said.\"Minutes later, the bus, heading from Chennai to Puduchery, smashed into the car from behind.\" Unlike the accident-prone East Coast Road, GST Road is a four-lane highway with a wide median and steel railings on both sides to prevent vehicles from falling into paddy fields on either side. Accidents due to speeding are frequent on GST Road despite several safety measures being put in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11880141", "title": "Western Railway drive", "text": "Western Railway has detected 507 cases of unauthorized travel in coaches reserved for physically challenged commuters since February 9. During the first two days of the drive, around 12, 315 cases of unauthorized travelling in Handicap coaches were detected inFines amounting to Rs 61,420 were collected. Similarly, 192 offenders were booked on Saturday and Sunday and were produced before the court on Monday. To carry out this drive, about 200 RPF personnels are deployed at all the major stations on WR's suburban section, out of which 80 personnels have been called from other divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-14"}
