{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718473", "title": "Foreign applicants vie for IIM-A director's post", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) got flooded with over 70 applications for the coveted post of director at the prestigious institute. While several faculty members are in the list of contenders for the post, most of these applications are from foreign institutions.In the board meeting held on Saturday, the search committee and the Board of Governors (BoG) did not arrive at conclusion about the three names to be shortlisted for the post of director. \"It will take a few more deliberations to short-list three candidates as the dilemma is whether the candidate should be from the campus or outside. The process is on and the applications are being considered. The institute is looking for someone with international experience and most of the applications received are from around the world,\" said a member of the BoG.Among the faculty members who have applied are professors Arvind Sahay, Rakesh Basant, Ravindra Dholakia, G Raghuram, Ram Mohan T T and Ajay Pandey. Raghuram, who joined the Indian Maritime University, Chennai, as vice-chancellor in July, is yet to withdraw his application. Among candidates from abroad, some faculty members have pitched for Harvard University professor and IIM-A alumnus- Srikant Datar who has been a regular at the campus.As IIM-A will become the first institute to choose its own director, board members discussed the new process for the selection at the meeting on Saturday. The institute which was in the spotlight for plagiarism by former faculty member Rajanish Dass, also discussed the issue during the meeting. According to another member of the BoG, the institute has decided to go soft on Dass.\"As Dass has left, there is no point pursuing the case any further. The institute may not consider imposing any punishment on him,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15718557", "title": "Hospitals ready to tackle swine flu: Official", "text": "VARANASI: Swine flu threat is there with around nine reported and confirmed cases in the state capital. The district health department is readying itself to check the disease. Additional chief medical officer, Dr PN Rawal said that two teams of doctors have been made which are monitoring the situation.\"All the primary health centres (PHCs), community health centres (CHCs), hospitals and health posts have been issued a circular regarding the symptoms, confirmation tests, precautions and treatment,\" he said. scores of people from arrive in the city from different cities, increasing chances of the spread of the disease in the city. \"We have sufficient stocks of medicines, kits and other requirements. More medicines will be arranged if needed,\" Dr Rawal added.An arrangement of around 10 beds each in IPD of Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) district hospital, Shiv Prasad Gupta (SPG) divisional hospital, district women's hospital and government hospital in Ramnagar will be made to treat swine flu patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15716527", "title": "Agarwada-Chopdem panchayat to develop tourist spots", "text": "MAPUSA: The Agarwada-Chopdem panchayat has decided to develop areas of touristic potential in the village, as this will lead to increasing employment opportunities.The recent gram sabha of the Agarwada-Chopdem village panchayat, presided over sarpanch Suman Khorjuvekar, resolved to focus on the tourism-related development in the village. The focus will be to attract a higher number of tourists and to get more investment into the village by developing places that appeal to tourists.The villagers proposed that the unused ferry wharf at Kurbanwada could be developed into a tourist spot. They demanded that the panchayat should take help from the government and develop the area into a tourism destination on account of its scenic setting along the bank of River Chapora. The villagers demanded that the place should be given facelift with a garden, park, sitting arrangements, lighting and other facilities to create a proper ambience for the visiting tourists.The gram sabha members highlighted that the unemployed youth from the village would get employment opportunities as they could engage in the small tourism-related businesses. The panchayat agreed to the demand of the villagers and a resolution was passed to develop the area as the tourism spot.Situated between Siolim and the Morjim beach, lthough thousands of tourists move through Agarwada-Chopdem to get to beaches in Pernem taluka, the village has no tourism infrastructure.The panchayat also passed the resolution to construct the two internal roads in the village. The villagers also demanded that all the street lights in the village should be made functional before the Ganesh Chathurti festival.Deputy sarpanch Prabhakar Nagvekar informed the gram sabha that the panchyat had not yet received the new notice regarding non-collection of house tax, but appealed to the villagers to pay the pending house tax dues and cooperate with the panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15722200", "title": "Volleyball championship concludes", "text": "In a glittering ceremony organized at Diamond Jubilee Sports Complex at Air Force Station Bamrauli, the Air Force Volleyball Championship 2012-13 concluded on Saturday. Group Captain NK Atri, Station Commander Air Force Station Bamrauli was the chief guest on the occasion. The championship was conducted on behalf of Air Force Sports Control Board. A total of 7 command teams and an air headquarter team participated in the championship. The five-day long championship witnessed some very exciting volleyball matches. The aim of the championship was to select Air Force Volleyball team to represent in the forthcoming Services Volleyball Championship 2012-13. In a keenly fought final between South Western Air Command and Training Command, South Western Air Command team was victorious.Admit cards: The admit cards of main written examination of direct recruitment to UP Higher Judicial Service, 2012 is now uploaded on the official website of High Court, Allahabad (www.allahabadhighcourt.in). The candidates may download their admit cards by using ID and password issued to them at the time of filling up of the application form and also by filling father's/husband's name and date of birth.Meeting: In a meeting of Muslim intellectuals, senior citizens condemned adjournment of Parliament by opposition parties. Congress leader S Rashid Husain described such disruptions of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha on the issue of allocations of coal by Prime Minister Dr Man Mohan Singh and the audit report charging him for losses by Coal India Limited , is no matter for boycotting the proceedings of the Parliament as uncalled for as huge amount of public money is wasted in day to day proceedings of Parliament.BJP accuses police: Local BJP leaders have flayed the district authorities and police for targeting party leaders who tried to raise the issue of recent attack on shopkeepers in Chowk area by a mob. Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha leader Shashank Shekhar Pandey said instead of arresting those involved in the incidents of vandalism and rioting the district police was targeting BJP leaders framing them in false cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15725626", "title": "Mumbai girl identifies 'rapist' from mugshots", "text": "KOLKATA: With only an alias to go by, police tracked down the prime suspect in the Ladies' Park rape case on Saturday with some plain old detective work.Ekramul Haque, the alleged rapist was recently released from jail. The woman who befriended the victim and introduced her to Haque has been identified as a sex worker. Police say Ekramul has admitted to drugging and raping the 19-year-old Mumbai girl.Initially, police were clueless about the rapist since the only information the victim could provide was that he had been released from jail recently.\"The youth had identified himself as Mintu Hota and told her that he was released from jail after serving a seven-year term,\" said an investigator.Police then looked up the records at the Lalbazar headquarters and collected mugshots of convicted robbers that fit the time frame. The girl picked Ekramul from a bunch of photographs.Ekramul was tracked down and brought in for questioning. He confessed that he was introduced to the victim by a sex worker at the Sealdah station. According to his account, he and the girl went to a Howrah bar and had beer. Then they took a taxi to Topsia to stay with a friend but had to turn back. Ekramul took the victim to the Ladies' Park at midnight and allegedly raped her.The victim is in a rehab home but has not yet provided her Mumbai address. Police are trying to identify her Akra-based uncle. \"We might get her address from him,\" said an officer.Initially, police were clueless about the accused as the victim could not provide much information about the youth. The only thing the victim could tell police is that the accused was recently released from jail. \"The youth told the victim that he was released from jail after seven years,\" said an investigator. Police then started to search photographs of convicted robbers.In the criminal record section at police headquarters, the victim finally managed to identify the accused. \"The picture was of convicted robber Ekramul Haque,\" said police. Following the clue, police managed to round up Ekramul who introduced himself to the woman as Mintu Huda.Police said that the accused has confessed his crime. During interrogation, he revealed that he was, he was introduced to the victim on Tuesday through a sex worker at Sealdah. Since then, they roamed together to different parts of the city.On Thursday night, they first went to a Howrah bar where both had beer. From there, they took a cab and went to Topsia to stay at a friend's home. But there was some problem and they reached Ladies' Park around midnight.The victim is now at a government home. The victim could not provide the proper address of her Mumbai residence. Cops are now trying to identify her uncle's home at Akra where the victim was working as a domestic help. \"We feel that we will be able to get her address from them,\" said an officer.A youth, who was released from jail recently, was arrested late on Friday night for allegedly raping a girl from Mumbai at Ladies' Park. The accused, Ekramul Haque, was produced in court and remanded in police custody on Saturday. Police said Haque has confessed to his crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726151", "title": "Mall pays Rs 75Kto ailing Khushi", "text": "PATNA: The 11-year-old girl, Khushi, who was hit by a Scorpio vehicle at the parking lot of P&M; Mall on August 20 and is undergoing treatment at a private hospital here, has finally received some financial help from the mall's administration.Ratan Singh, chief manager of the mall, visited her for a second time on Saturday and handed over to her uncle Mahesh Singh a cheque of Rs 75,000. This brought some relief to the family which was undergoing huge financial pressure as Khushi's father had died in the same accident. \"I read about her in the TOI on Friday and am feeling a little relieved after helping her,\" Ratan Singh said.\"If she continues recovering at the same pace as in the last few days, we can avoid amputation of her leg,\" said Dr Sanjeev Kumar , who is leading the team of doctors treating Khushi. He added, \"Her family has already spent over Rs 1.5 lakh on Khushi's treatment. Even if no more surgery is required, it will cost them over Rs 1 lakh more.\"Mahesh Singh, elder brother of Khushi's dad, Suresh Singh, was somewhat relieved after receiving help from the P&M; Mall, but criticized cops and the district administration for their failure to arrest the Scorpio driver, Chandan, even after five days of the accident.Film director Prakash Jha, who is also the chief managing director of the mall, appreciated the initiative of his staff and said, \"It was a humanitarian act of them to help the little girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15732035", "title": "State earmarks Rs 5 crore for Konkanis", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government has earmarked Rs 5 crore for the World Konkani Centre (WKC) aimed at overall welfare of the community and has already released Rs 1.5 crore, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said on Saturday. Distributing scholarships to engineering and medical students from the Vishwa Konkani Student Scholarship Fund, he said such programmes helped bright students from economically weaker sections.Scholarships worth a total of Rs 2 crore were distributed to 143 engineering students and seven MBBS students. Appreciating the efforts of the WKC, Shettar said the financial assistance provided by WKC will prevent deserving students from dropping out of their courses midway due to financial crisis.Addressing students earlier, TV Mohandas Pai, chairperson, Manipal Universal Learning, said: \"To become the best in life, your aspiration levels should be high. But in India, there is a deficit in aspiration among students.\"Advising students to help needy people, he said society will not necessarily respect individuals, who \"own a Rs 2,000-crore apartment or a jet plane in Mumbai, but society will respect them only when the individual helps poor people.\"Stating that cramming information to perform well in academics is ruining the knowledge of students, he said education is not about scoring good marks but to develop a problem solving attitude to succeed in life. Students should not restrict themselves to fetch a degree certificate but should pursue higher education in best universities of the world, he added.Terming education as a means of empowerment for Konkanis, Pai said: \"We can become a globalized community. Today, world is changing. Facebook with 90 crore users has virtually become the largest country.\"Inaugurating the programme, former union minister Oscar Fernandes promised to help scholarship programmes of Konkanis. Students hailing from the Konkani community, who scored above 70% in II PU and below 20,000 CET ranking, were awarded scholarships. Engineering students were given Rs 30,000, medical students Rs 40,000 and two students who are going to foreign university for higher studies were given Rs 1 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15754525", "title": "Odisha plus II 15th rank boy elevated to third after re-addition of marks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The way Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) in Odisha conducts Plus II examination has come under scanner after a student was elevated to all-Odisha third rank from 15th after he got his marks \"re-added\" following the Orissa High Court's intervention.While CHSE is mulling life ban on two erring examiners and recommend disciplinary action, the student's parents are seeking \"re-evaluation\" of his answer-sheets stating that it would make him the Odisha topper.Anupam Jena of Cuttack, who had topped state in matriculation examination in 2010, had come 15th in the all-Odisha merit list in the Plus II examination, results of which were published on May 30.Unhappy over the results, Jena approached the HC exuding confidence that his papers were not evaluated properly. Court allowed re-addition of marks following which the CHSE issued him a fresh mark-sheet by increasing mathematics marks by 13 from 81 to 94 and Sanskrit by nine from 78 to 87. This made his total marks 554, putting him at third place in the all-Odisha rank.Anupam's father Anjan here on Sunday said even during the re-addition, the council has done a mistake. He should have got 15 more marks in mathematics (not 13) and 10 more in Sanskrit (not nine). \"If court allows re-evaluation of mathematics and Sanskrit, his total marks will go up to 570, placing him at Number One position in the merit list,\" he said. The next hearing on Jena's write petition (civil) in the HC is fixed on August 31, Anupam's counsel Chitramohan Dhal said.CHSE authorities conceded the errors. \"After the mistakes were pointed out, a fresh mark-sheet has been issued to the student,\" said CHSE controller of examinations (CoE) Jasobanta Behera.Behera said action will be taken against the examiners who had committed the mistakes while awarding the marks. \"We are planning to ban the examiners for life from CHSE examination works and recommend the government for taking suitable disciplinary action as per norms,\" Behera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711800", "title": "TDP leader held for trying to 'defame' Jana", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials on Saturday arrested Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader Tera Chinnappa Reddy for allegedly circulating defamatory SMSs against panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy. He was arrested from a house in Banjara Hills.Since the 2009 Assembly election, when Chinnappa Reddy was fielded against Jana Reddy in the Nagarjunasagar constituency, the former had been carrying out malicious campaigns against Jana Reddy by circulating derogatory SMSs in the constituency whenever an opportunity arises. \"Chinnappa was arrested for sending the SMSs against Jana Reddy,'' CID superintendent of police Kalpana Naik said.Jana Reddy had recently lodged a complaint with the CID about the circulation of these SMSs. During the investigation, CID officials found evidence against Chinnapa Reddy. A case was registered against the TDP leader under the IT Act. TDP Nalgonda leaders had recently claimed that Jana Reddy was harassing Chinnappa Reddy by abusing his official position and ensuring raids on his business units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724405", "title": "Plan for automatic parking ready", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a lengthy exercise over last few months and high court's intervention to decongest and streamline the parking lots in Sector 17, the Chandigarh municipal corporation has finally come up with a full-fledged plan to make the two main parking lots in the sector - Sahib Singh and Empire Store \u2014 fully automatic.Both these lots will be fully computerized and a record of every vehicle entering these will be maintained. Not a single vehicle more than the capacity of the lot will be allowed to enter. Besides that rates will be fixed on an hourly basis.The engineering wing of MC has worked out all modalities and is going to place this projects at a cost of around Rs 10 to 12 lakh in the upcoming meeting of MC's finance and contract committee next month.An official of the MC said, \"We are preparing the agenda which will be placed before the committee at its meeting in September. Initially, two of the Sector 17 parking lots will be covered and then the project would be extended to other lots in the sector.\"Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"Both the parking lots will be fully automatic. These would be centralized through computers and use of sensors, so that the exact number of vehicles and available vacant parking lots could be easily identified at the entry point of the parking lots. Besides that commuters will have to pay to park their vehicles on an hourly basis. The rate for this will be decided later.\"According to information there would be only one entry and exit point each in both the parking lots. Before making these fully automatic, various unauthorized entry and exit points would be closed. The MC authority had studied automatic parking lots in various cities before coming up with this proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15731083", "title": "Congress banks on combined leadership", "text": "MYSORE: KPCC president G Parameshwara on Friday said that there is no move to ease him out of his post and that the party will face the assembly elections under combined leadership. He said the party high command has made it clear that there won't be any change in KPCC leadership, which, he said, should put to rest all speculations.\"We have been readying to face the elections for the last six months. The party is finalizing the candidates,\" he added.\"There will be different points of opinion and the leaders are free to express it. What prevails is the party high command's decision,\" he told reporters. When asked about opposition leader Siddaramaiah's intention to retire from active politics after 2013 elections, he said why should anybody object to his move? In reply to a question, he said the Congress legislature party will elect its leader.The Congress chief said the sate government has failed to utilize the financial assistance extended by the Centre for drought-relief measures. \"There is a need to create awareness about the BJP government's failure on drought management,\" he said, adding: \"The government has said that the rainfall is deficient in 148 taluks. The Centre has released Rs 700 crore funds. Instead of utilizing it for drought-relief works, the government is trying to pass the buck.\"He asked the government to take a delegation to the PM and explain him the crisis in Cauvery basin following scanty rainfall. \"This will counter the Tamil Nadu's demand for Cauvery water,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15720148", "title": "Tax relief for IT companies, Rs 5-cr loss to corp", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation is set to lose Rs 5 crore in tax dues, with the government on Friday exempting IT companies in the special economic zone from paying taxes. The government order has stalled the efforts of the corporation to levy building tax from major IT companies.The order also marks the end of a year-old tussle between the corporation and the IT companies at Technopark. The order has been issued under sub-section (2) of section 281 of the Kerala Municipality Act, 1994 as per which exempts developers and entrepreneurs in SEZ from paying taxes, cess, etc.According to the notification, developers in panchayat areas have already been exempted from paying taxes. The new order stresses the need to extend this benefit to areas under the municipality as well. The notification says: \"For the smooth implementation of the SEZ policy and in line with the provisions of the SEZ Act, 2005, the government has decided to exempt developers and entrepreneurs from payment of taxes under section 230 of the Municipality Act.\" The order has come as a major jolt to the corporation, which is facing a financial crisis. Following assessment reports submitted by revenue officials, the corporation had earlier issued demand notices for tax dues worth Rs 40 lakh and 38 lakh to Infosys and IBS, respectively.The corporation had also announced that it would proceed with attachment formalities against these companies if they failed to clear the dues. The corporation had also sent a letter to the government explaining the enormous loss it would suffer in case these firms were exempted from paying tax.The move had also resulted in a rift between the corporation and the IT companies after these companies approached the government seeking its intervention.\"The order is a major disappointment. The corporation will see if something can be done to make these companies pay taxes. Had IT companies paid taxes, it would have added about Rs 5 crore to the corporation's funds,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711807", "title": "Conference of Parties on Biodiversity 11 to be a low-key affair?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Touted to attract well over 8,000-10,000 delegates from across the globe, the upcoming Conference of Parties on Biodiversity (COP 11), as it now turns out, will be restricted to just about 4,500 participants. Indeed, on the first five days, designated for the Meeting of Parties (MOP), the numbers are likely to be a meagre 1,500-2,000 if not less, revealed sources from within the state government's ministry of environment and forests. The earlier editions of COP, held in countries such as Japan and Germany, reportedly witnessed footfalls of anywhere between 13,000 and 15,000 delegates.Official organisers of the international summit claim that it's too early to predict the total number of participants for the meet, which is scheduled to be held from October 1 to 19. They maintain that the event will draw \"impressive participation\" similar to what has been the case at previous COPs. The actual delegate count, they add, will be known only after September 15.The feelers sent out to the venue, the Hyderabad International Convention Centre (HICC), and city hotels where participants are to be put up, however, paint a different picture. While HICC, according to sources, has been asked to limit its arrangements to about 4,000-5,000 people (maximum limit), hoteliers have been handed out an estimate of no more than 3,500-4,000 rooms. No bookings have been officially confirmed yet.\"I think the 8,000-10,000 figure is bloated. Had that been the case, hotels would have been asked to keep their entire facilities free for these delegates. It isn't a small headcount,\" said an executive at a star hotel. As per the latest communication from MCI Management (India) Pvt Ltd, the professional managers for the conference, and state departments, hotels have been directed to reserve only 40% of their inventories for COP 11.MoEF officials involved with the preparations see a possibility of a rise in numbers only in the last three days (October 17-19), which have been set aside for a high-level meet between country heads and senior ministers. Even then, they admit, the size of the gathering would be no more than 6,000. Although they could not pinpoint a reason for the poor speculation as to the turnout, they admitted that there wasn't much of an effort being put in by the 'bosses' (read central MoEF officials or AP government) to publicise the event.But these developments are no indication of a poor delegate count, asserted AP Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) commissioner, Rajat Kumar, who held a meeting with the hospitality sector last week. \"We have so far finalised 3,500 rooms and have another 1,500-odd rooms in stock. Depending on the total number of registrations by mid-September we will see what has to be done,\" Kumar said. Apart from a lack of clarity on part of the government, what has added to the confusion for the hoteliers is the unending 'negotiations' with MCI, the entity in charge of the organisational details for the meet. The private organiser is believed to have been paid Rs 20 crore for its services but is now demanding a 10% commission on rooms, food and conference hall bookings from all hotels in Hyderabad.\"We have agreed to pay them for the rooms. Commission on food and conference rooms is out of the question,\" said a representative of a hotel who partially attributed the delay in bookings to the unending parleys and dealings with MCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717415", "title": "Consultants appointed for international cricket stadium", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has appointed the consortium of Innovest Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, Uttarakhand Infrastructure Development Company Ltd (U-DeC) and Infrastructure Development Finance Company Ltd (IDFC) as consultants and transaction advisors for implementing the international cricket stadium and cricket academy project in Lucknow. To be developed on a public-private-partnership model, the consultants will now prepare a financial feasibility and techno-economic report to attract the best players for stadium construction.The decision was taken after evaluating the technical and financial bids at a meeting of the bid evaluation committee on Friday. Heading the meeting, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil K Gupta said, \"Although Uttar Pradesh has many players in Indian cricket team, the state lacks a cricket stadium of international standards. As a result, the development of an international cricket stadium and cricket academy is being taken up on a priority basis and state government will ensure development in a time-bound manner.\"Earlier, five consulting firms bid in two parts of technical and financial bids in response to an invitation of bids by Lucknow Development Authority. Technical bids were evaluated for project development experience, successful selection of developer and presentation of methodology, which two bidders, Consortium of Innovest Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, U-DeC &amp; IDFC and Jones Lang LaSalle qualified. tnnHowever, the consortium of Innovest Advisory Services Pvt Ltd, U-DeC, and IDFC got selected on the basis of lowest financial bid.In the first phase, the construction of the international cricket stadium and cricket academy is proposed in about 50 acres, whereas 37 acres will be used for real estate to make it commercially viable. While the estimated project cost is around Rs 300 crore, the proposed stadium will have a seating capacity of around 50,000 spectators. In the second phase of its implementation, the government has proposed to develop additional sports infrastructure for indoor games, aquatics, hockey, football , track and field events, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718944", "title": "Doctor loses $2,000 from parked car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A doctor lost foreign and Indian currency from his car when he went to purchase an air-conditioner on Friday night.According to police, Dr Dilip Zaveri, a resident of Sun City in Bopal and owner of Biocare Research India in Paldi, had gone to Akshar Complex near Shivranjani Crossroads to purchase an air-conditioner, with his daughter at 8.15 pm on Friday.\"The duo parked the car near the complex and went to a shop for the purchase for 10 minutes. When they came back, they found a window of the car smashed and a bag stolen.\"\"According to Zaveri's complaint, the bag contained $2,000, Rs 10,000, along with his debit card and credit card,\" said a Satellite police official.Police investigators said that it is modus operandi of the gangs from Sardarnagar that travel in auto, target parked vehicles in the city.They gang members break window of the targetted car after covering it with thick cloth so as to reduce noise and decamp with whatever is kept inside the vehicle. Most of the times it is bags containing laptops, cash and important documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15718720", "title": "New voter ID subscribers to get SMS alerts", "text": "GURGAON: Keeping up with the latest technology, the administration has decided that those subscribing for voter's ID now, will receive corresponding details on their phone, via SMS. This will keep the subscribers up-to-date regarding the status of their voter ID cards. This was announced by city magistrate Vivek Kalia recently.The city magistrate also announced that billboards displayng the details of the procedure for applying for voter's ID card, should be put up in places like the malls, housing colonies, etc as they are frequently accessed by people. There will be a dropbox by the side of the billboards where one can submit one's voter ID forms. One person will be assigned the job of distributing these forms at the same site. Once the ID card is ready, the applicant will be notified through a text message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15723738", "title": "Metro won\u2019t leave roads dug up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Underground construction for Metro will not result in city roads being torn apart for months as advanced New Austrian Tunnelling Method (NATM) will be used so that traffic continues to flow. Instead of digging of roads, tunnel boring machines will ensure no traffic diversions.Wherever necessary, roads will be made one way and a passage of 8 metres will be left on both sides. However, to ensure this, UT and MC will have to put their acts together to remove all on-street parkings, encroachments and other 'informal' structures along the Metro routes.The traffic diversion plan prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) says that complete blocking of roads will be done only where suitable alternatives routes are available.\"Most of the construction will be on the roads, but since most of the stretches in Chandigarh are double lane, these would be made one way to allow construction and flow of traffic alongside. Advanced traffic updates and information system will be used to keep commuters informed,\" reads the report.\"Most of the Metro will be underground and cut method (digging from the top) can be easily used for construction. However, keeping in view the inconvenience it will cause to public as at least 10 metres of cut will be required through the entire length of the underground section, it has been proposed to tunnel through,\" it adds.But DMRC has underlined that at the onset, all encroachments, including on street parking, will have to be removed from the roads.However, it is only in case of 11 underground stations (mostly located at crossings) that cut and cover method will be used. Work will be done top to down as has been done in case of Delhi Metro, which allows scope for further expansion. \"Keeping in view the future traffic growth due to Metro construction, implementation of traffic management plans will become inevitable for ensuring smooth traffic movement,\" says DMRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15723447", "title": "Healthy Note", "text": "Think god, stay healthySpirituality is linked to better mental health regaSpirituality is linked to better mental health regardless of faith, according to a study by researchers from University of Missouri . Three surveys were conducted to see if correlations existed among participants' mental and physical health, personality and spirituality in Buddhists, Muslims, Jews, Catholics and Protestants. Forgiveness was the spiritual trait predictive of mental health. \"With increased spirituality people reduce their sense of self and feel a greater sense of oneness and connectedness with the rest of the universe,\" Dan Cohen, a co-author of the study, said. Published in the Journal of Religion and Health, it said mental health of those recovering from cancer , stroke , spine injury was linked to positive spiritual beliefs, the study said.Of antibiotics &amp; adiposeBabies given antibiotics before they're six months old are more likely to be overweight by the age of three, a British study says. A study of around 11,000 British children found that those given the drugs before they were six months old had a bigger BMI than their peers. Authors of the study added this doesn't prove antibiotics in early life causes young children to be overweight. It only shows a correlation exists.New test can rule out false alarmsAnew test can discern in under an hour whether a patient is having a heart attack, according to a study in Archives of Internal Medicine. Swiss researchers used highsensitivity measurements of cardiac troponins, proteins that leak out of damaged heart tissue, to determine likelihood that patients were having heart attacks. The researchers tested their new strategy on 436 patients in emergency rooms with ambiguous cardiac symptoms. Heart attacks were ruled out for 259 with 100% accuracy. Seventy-six were found by the new method to be having heart attacks. Christian Mueller, professor of cardiology at University Hospital of Basel said the assessment could save significant time and space in emergency rooms.Kids breathe easy with vitamin DVitamin D supplements could reduce the risk of respiratory infections such as colds or flu among children in winters, says a Harvard research. Studying Mongolian kids known to be at risk for vitamin D deficiency, especially during winter, researchers found that daily intake of the vitamin decreased the risk of respiratory infections among children who had low blood levels of vitamin D at the start of the study.Kill hunger pangs with additiveResearchers are developing an 'anti-hunger' powder dieters can mix with curds or smoothies. The new ingredient is a version of a common food additive, methyl cellulose. It can help people shed pounds making them feel full after eating smaller portions, German scientists say. A trial showed volunteers who ate the food with the additive had 13% fewer calories when they had a second meal two hours later.Children born to older moms have a better start in lifeKids born to older mothers are less likely to be admitted to a hospital and more likely to receive immunization jabs, claims a new studyKids with older mothers had faster language development; suffered fewer social &amp; emotional difficulties before age five . Researchers from University College London analysed over 78,000 kids born between 2000 &amp; 2002. The moms were between 13 and 57In developed countries, the trend is towards later childbearing. While there's research on young mothers and childhood development, till this study, there was little evidence of effects of older mothers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718013", "title": "14-year-old held for stealing bike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Isanpur police held a teen for stealing a bike, during vehicle checking on Saturday. Police have started a search for owner of the bike.According to Isanpur police, they were on a vehicle checking drive on Saturday near Harikrishna Society when they saw a teen riding a bike. As he was underage, he was stopped and asked for his licence. When as he did not have a license or papers for the bike, police asked him to call his parents. When he refused to do so, police were surprised.The boy, a class VIII student at a local school, then confessed to having stolen the bike and had started riding it to the school to impress his friends and girls. \"Search for the owner is on. We contacted his parents who were shocked to learn that their son was involved in a vehicle theft,\" said an Isanpur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15716627", "title": "Tamil Nadu tourist's severed, decomposed body found near waterfall", "text": "PONDA: The body of a Tamil Nadu tourist, split in two parts, was retrieved by Colem police.Although the police suspect that the body could have broken into parts after it decomposed inside the water, they don't rule out that the person could have hit a hard element inside the water and died after his backbone broke.Police said that Mangesh Kumar K, 26, of Tamil Nadu, had visited the Dudhsagar waterfall along with friends on Sunday. After spending some time at the waterfall, the group entered the water for a swim.Whilst swimming, Mangesh Kumar went missing in the heavy current of water, and could not be traced even after an intense search operation. After five days, on Thursday, some people saw the upper part of his body floating on the water of the Dudhsagar pond at Sonaulim, a walkable distance from Dudhsagar Falls.Colem police retrieved the body and handed over it to his family after the autopsy. The other part of the body was found floating on Saturday afternoon at the same place, police said, adding that they retrieved the lower part and preserved it in the morgue of the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, for an autopsy to be conducted on Monday.Police said the pond has several sharp rocks as well as the presence of iron rods and pipes of the supportive girders, which have flowed down with the water current and the body could have hit a hard element after decomposing, which has resulted in its breaking into parts.The recovery of the second part has left police in a fix as they already handed over the upper part to his family. Police, however, said they have informed the tourist's family about the recovery of the second half of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718696", "title": "Talking traffic booth ahead!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Traffic booths at Town Hall circle and GEB circle in Anand have got a voice of their own - literally. Inaugurated on Friday, the booths have public address system and amenities for the traffic constables who man the booth.The booths are designed by a former MICA student, Shakti Barihok who installed a similar booth at Panchvati crossroads, earlier in the city.The traffic booths aim at providing basic comfort to the cops and assist in better handling traffic situations.\"I often wondered how to better the booths. I then came up with the solution wherein we can give public messages about traffic safety and management while the constable can sit comfortably on a revolving chair with a small fan and space to keep his personal belongings,\" said Barihok.P K Diyora, sub-inspector of traffic police in Anand, told TOI that more booths will be installed according to the requirement. \"We have around 350 recorded messages in both male and female voices talking about traffic safety, use of emergency services, important civic announcements and so on,\" he said. The booth worth Rs 1 lakh uses USB port for public announcement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15723012", "title": "Over half of city's women fine with aging: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: One thing that's common to women across different life stages is the huge pressure to look good, reveals a survey is anything to go by.According to the findings covering around 900 women across Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata, nine out of ten working women interviewed say \"youthful skin\" makes them more confident at work, even as eight in ten women buy into theories that unmarried women look better than married ones. However, contrary to popular belief most of those interviewed women didn't prioritize nurturing their looks, often placing greater priority to tasks like cooking and bringing up children over skincare routines.The stress associated with appearance was evident given that both homemakers and working women admitted that it often determined their confidence levels.So, 83% of interviewed mothers said they felt more confident about going to their kids' school to picking up their son/daughter from school on days that they felt more youthful.An overwhelming 90% of women said youthful skin boosted their confidence at work. Nine out of ten married women said they were happier to snuggle up to their spouses on \"good-skin days\". A majority in Delhi for instance, would want to turn back the clock only to get back their youthful looks. However, 56% of women in Mumbai feel better as they grew older. Psychiatrist Harish Shetty doesn't agree with the claims of self-esteem tying in so closely with appearance. \"Self-esteem in the East is often examined by the variables of the West,\" said Shetty.\"Many survey result in superficiality rather than incisive learning.It is inappropriate to look at one variable of looks and generalize women's self esteem. Well-being of the family, for instance, substantially contributes to a sense of esteem for Indian women,\" he added. Dermatologist Satish Bhatia attributes much of the increasing obsession with looks to the popularity of the internet and penetration of foreign TV channels. \"Many women patients surf beauty treatment options online and come to us with specific suggestions,\" he said.However, women don't seem to get much time to spoil themselves. Nearly 88% newlyweds said they skipped their usual morning skin regimen to ensure their husband's tiffin was ready in time; those who were working too shared this concern with 84% skipping their routine to attend early-morning meetings. Over 83% mothers across the three cities said they paid more attention to their childrens' score-cards than their skin.The survey was conducted by research agency A C Nielsen and commissioned by Olay Total Effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717728", "title": "Tiger tourists and tour operators hit by SC ban", "text": "LUCKNOW: Wildlife enthusiasts who visit India in droves to see tigers in the wild have been left in the lurch due to the Supreme Court's ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves. Many of them from countries like the US and UK, who where willing to come on a group tour to the tiger reserves in India, couldn't find tour operators who can sell them the desired package.\"We got a mail from a woman in the US asking us to help her find a tour operator who can provide her the package for a group tour to tiger reserves here,\" said Vishal Singh, director, Travel Operators for Tigers in India. It's the uncertainty over the final judgment on tiger tourism in core areas which has made the tour operators wary. In case the ban stays, they will have to refund the package amount.The worst hit will be the business with foreign tourists, which comprise at least 20 to 25 percent of the tourist flow to tiger reserves. Many of them opt for longish stay in the reserves, compared to domestic tourists, who might visit the national parks to break the monotony in their lives. \"Seeing a tiger might not always be there on their minds,\" said a tour operator in Uttarakhand. The tourists who come exclusively to India to see tigers will opt for some other destination where they can see the big cats, like China or Thailand . \"However, it's true that only India gives one an option to see tigers in the wild very easily, the way no other tiger-country does,\" said Pawan Puri, owner of a company providing wildlife tourism to Corbett National Park and other tiger reserves.Though the final judgment is still awaited, the ban has already hit the tour business in the tiger zones. The six months' period from October to March is the most prospective period for business. This is the time when most people visit national parks, a big chunk of them being foreigners. The foreigners, in fact, book their tours much in advance, at times a year in advance.The ban, however, has made the cancellation requests to pour in already. \"The business is down by at least 25 to 30 percent,\" said Sharad Vats, another wildlife tour operator. It's only when we compute the figures at the end of the financial year that we could say how huge the loss was, he added. The national parks in MP, Rajasthan, Karnataka and Uttarakhand have been the favoured destinations for tiger tourism. But this time around, tourists might stay away from them. \"We are getting cancellation from foreign markets like London ,\" said Puri.The tiger tourism has, so far, happened only in the core areas. In parks like Ranthambore, there was major tourism happening in core areas. \"What will you show tourists in the buffer, it has to be developed first and the states would take not less than ten years to improve the quality of buffer to attract tourists to it,\" added Vats.\"Kaziranga has the entire park area as its core, what will be done there?\" said Singh. There are also operators like Iqbal Ahmad who are hopeful of goods days coming. \"We have done most of our advance bookings and hope things will be back to business,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717458", "title": "Miscreants shoot at jeweller, cops deny robbery charges", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four unidentified miscreants shot at a jeweller and robbed him of a bag near Shalimar Crossing in Ghazipur police station area late on Saturday night. The police, however, denied that the miscreants had robbed the jeweller of any bag.The jeweller was identified as Dilip Rastogi alias Tanu Rastogi, a resident of Model House in Aminabad police station area. Dilip has a jewellery shop Tanushri Jewellers at Amrapali Market in Ghazipur police station area.As a daily routine, Dilip after closing his shop was walking down towards Shalimar Crossing to catch a tempo for his house. He was hardly a few metres away from the crossing, when four unidentified miscreants intercepted him and whipped out a weapon and shot at him from a close range. The bullet, according to sources, hit the temple and passed through the head. The miscreants allegedly snatched the bag and fled the spot.Soon, nearby residents and passersby rushed to Dilip and police was informed. Dilip was rushed to trauma centre where he is undergoing treatment, the police said.The police also denied that any bag was snatched from Dilip, and added that efforts are on to identify the miscreants and arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713179", "title": "Auto driver held for Raj rally hoax call", "text": "MUMBAI: A 34-year-old autorickshaw driver was arrested on Saturday for allegedly making a hoax call claiming three bombs had been planted along the route of MNS chief Raj Thackeray's rally on August 21.The accused, Ramesh Kumar Jokharam Sharma, was picked up from Khar Danda. The police recovered two cellphones and four SIM cards from him. One of the SIM cards was registered in Sharma's name.Sharma, who hails from Uttar Pradesh, has reportedly told the investigators he made the hoax call to check if the police machinery was working and to ensure that Raj's rally was a flop show. He claims he was upset with Raj for his anti-north Indian tirade, which resulted in several migrants being beaten up by MNS members in 2010.It is learnt that Sharma had made another hoax call to the police control room on August 4 and claimed to have spotted 10 sword-wielding youths in the Khar area.\"An hour before Raj's rally, the main control room received a call from a person who identified himself as Santosh Kumar Gaikwad, a taxi driver. He said he had heard three passengers in his taxi discuss plans to plant bombs at three places-one near Siddivinayak temple, second near Girguam Chowpatty and the third at Azad Maidan where Raj addressed the crowd,\" said joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy.Immediately after the call, several policemen, including the bomb detection and disposal squad, swung into action. They searched the places thoroughly and found the call to be a hoax.A class X passout, Sharma has four kids. He will be produced in a court on Sunday.Jokharam will be produce before the court on Sunday. Jokharam is a auto driver who hails from a small village in Uttar Pradesh and has four children. He is 10th passed. Police have recovered two mobile phones and four sim cards from him and interestingly one card is registered in his name.On August 21, when Raj Thackray had organised a protest rally at Azad Maidan demanding the transfer of than Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and Home Minister RR Patil following their failure and inept handing of the August 11 incident in which two persons were killed. On August 11, Muslim organisations in the city had stage a protest rally to raise the issue of atrocities on muslims in Myanmar and Assam.Gaikwad claimed that he heard three persons talking of planting three bombs at near Siddivinayak temple from where Thackray started his rally, second one was placed near Girguam chowpatty and third at the Azad Maidan ground.Immediately recieving the call several policemen including the Bomb detection and Disposal squad swung into action and carried a thorough search and found the call to be an hoax call.The case of hoax call was registered at Azad Maidan and the crime branch was given the investigations. During the course of investigations it was transpired that the caller had called from a mobile number. We traced the mobile number to one Dilip More, a resident of Vakola in Santacruz. More said that he had lost his mobile phone and hence he was given a clean chit.'' said Inspector Deepak Patangre. The police than with the help of the mobile operators found the caller's tower location to be of Khar. After keeping a tap on almost three to four days we picked up a person who was later identified as Ramesh Jokharam,a auto driver.''said investigating officer sanjay More.Jokharam during interrogations told police that he simply did the hoax call to check whether the police machinery was working or not. It is also learnt that the accused had similarly on August 4, had called up the main control room and had given false information that some ten youths weilding swords were moving in Khar area.Interestingly Jokhoram told police during interrogations that he did hoax call to make Thackray's rally a flob as he was against Raj Thackray's agenda of anti north India. He said that he was very upset with Thackray's campaign in 2010 in which several north Indians were beaten up by members of MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15744922", "title": "26/11 Mumbai attacks case: Pak asks India to allow lawyers to quiz key witnesses", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities have sent two requests to India to allow defence lawyers to cross-examine key witnesses in the 2008 Mumbai attacks case, saying any failure to do so could allow the accused in the country to go scot-free.In a message sent to Indian authorities through diplomatic channels on July 20, the Federal Investigation Agency asked that the defence counsel should be allowed to cross-examine surviving attacker Ajmal Kasab , chief investigation officer Ramesh Mahale, and Ganesh Dhunraj and Chintaman Mohite, the two doctors who performed the autopsies of slain attackers.The FIA also sent to India authorities the July 17 order of a Pakistani anti-terrorism court that declared illegal the findings of a Pakistani commission which had recorded the statements of these four witnesses during a visit to India.The court rejected the findings of the panel after lawyers defending the seven accused said they had not been allowed to cross-examine the witnesses.The Pakistani authorities are awaiting a reply from their Indian counterparts though a reminder was sent on the issue, the Dawn newspaper quoted its sources as saying.If the Indian government does not allow cross-examination by the defence lawyers, the statements of key witnesses recorded earlier would be declared inadmissible in the case, the sources said.In such a situation, even the confessional statement of Kasab, CCTV footage of the attackers and 780 documents that the Indian government handed over to Pakistan through diplomatic channels will all go to waste, the sources were quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15756179", "title": "M G Sreekumar revisits his 23-year-old song!", "text": "After having composed music for over 14 movies, playback singer M G Sreekumar has rolled out his magic again - this time, in director Saji Surendran's Husbands In Goa.Pichakappoonkavukalkkumappuram, the song from director Joshiy's 1990s flick No 22 Madras Mail, has been given a modern twist by Sreekumar. Incidentally, Sreekumar had sung the original song, and now, the new version of the song as well.The team did not have any hassles when it came to gaining the rights of the songs from the concerned. \"We approached Joshiy, Ouseppachan and its lyricist Shibu Chakravarthy before working on the new version and they readily granted us the permission to do the new version. Even after 23 years, it took no time for Sreekumar to come up with the new version of the song,\" says Saji.The original version of the song had A R Rahman on the programming. Composer Vidyasagar too was associated with the music department of the yesteryear flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15715057", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation struggles to keep cattle at bay in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik is one of the holiest places in the country and one of the four locations where the Kumbh mela is held. Its status as an ancient centre of pilgrimage and its mention in the holy texts of Hindus attracts pilgrims and tourists round the year.However, the metamorphosis of Nashik from an overgrown village of religious significance to a vibrant modern city, albeit at a gradual pace, has its own problems. Ranging from narrow lanes and bylanes in old Nashik that leave no scope for widening and old buildings with wooden and iron skeletons, to the native mentality of self-righteousness of those living here for generations and, of course, the uncontrolled stray cows.The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has miserably failed in tackling stray cattle that makes its presence felt not only in vegetable markets but also on busy roads, where motorists have to face the bovine creatures that obstruct vehicular traffic.The civic body, which is expected to pick up stray cattle and house them in cattle sheds and provide them with fodder and water till their owners turnup to pay the penalty of leaving them unattended on city roads, has apparently washed its hands of the issue. The NMC's cattlepounds located at Satpur, Panchvati and Bhadrakali have been abandoned for the past over two decades. In some places, the vacant space has been used by people to live in.With the cattle pounds abandoned and the civic leaders least bothered about the issue, the presence of stray cattle is being felt on the city roads, as the population of vehicles keeps on rising. Whether it is Satpur, Panchvati, Bhadrakali or Nashik Road, the holy cow, which was described by the late veteran freedom fighter Vinayak Damodar Savarkar as just a useful animal, thereby demystifying its holy status, is omnipresent.Surprisingly, the NMC's standing committee chief Uddhav Nimse has said that the NMC does not have either the manpower or the machinery to transport the animals to the cattle pounds. He has also pointed out that it is not just transportation of the stray cattle but also the need to feed them in captivity, for which there is no budgetary provision in the civic budget.Recently, the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare visited the Bhadrakali area and assured local corporators of looking into the matter. The NMC is now planning to appoint a contractor to catch and transport stray cattle to the cattle pounds. The issue of feeding them is yet to be finalised.No scope for new regulations?One of the contentious issues of the transformation of Nashik into a modern city is the application of new regulations. For instance, the implementation of the new fire safety norms in the city, has reached an impasse.The issue of implementing the new fire safety norms has been on the agenda of the civic body, but several corporators, cutting across political hues, have opposed it and opposed its application to old structures in Old Nashik area.The Old Nashik area, which gives a feeling of travelling back in time a couple of centuries to a visitor- with its narrow lanes and old wadas- has no scope either for road widening or implementing the new regulations in buildings. For instance, for years, the move to widen the road from Ashok Stambh to Raviwar Karanja has been only on paper.Meanwhile, the NMC has granted reprieve to those who have demanded that old buildings and areas be exempted from the new norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15751114", "title": "Farah Khan is a fantastic actress: Boman Irani", "text": "When Barodians found out that Boman Irani and Farah Khan were coming to town to promote Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi, they patiently waited for hours to catch a glimpse of the dynamic duo, whose on-screen pairing in the film has been well appreciated.Asked about the visit, Boman said, \"Well, I feel a lot younger when I see charming young ladies waiting to catch a glimpse of me!\" He added, \"It's great that Bollywood is now opening up to unconventional pairings and subjects. Even five years back, there wouldn't have been too many takers for a film like Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi . And Farah Khan is pretty natural and a fantastic actress. It was fun working with her.\" Asked about his journey as an actor, he said, in his inimitable style, \"For someone who started as a bald old man on screen at the age of 44, what more could have I asked for? Today, I am playing a lead role and even have a heroine of my own, who is hotter than Kareena or Deepika (winks at Farah)! My sons were really excited about this film and that I was playing a lead role made them doubly happy. They told me-'Go daddy, go!' when I told them about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15743872", "title": "Mumbai HC restrains satellite release of 'Jannat 2'", "text": "Taking into account the findings of Film Writers' Association that there had been a blatant violation of copyright infringement in the recently released Bollywood film \"Jannat 2?, the Bombay High Court has granted an ad-interim injunction against its satellite release.The Film Writers' Association had earlier held that the film was based on independent writer Kapil Chopra's original script for \" Zero\" , which he had registered in 2007, and that the makers of Jannat-2 did not give him the credit for the same.Restraining the satellite release of the film till September 10, Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar said in their August 21 order that the ad-interim injunction was passed without prejudice to the rights and contentions of the parties.The judges said the final order on the notice of motion in the suit shall be passed after hearing the parties on September 5.Chopra had contended that he had approached the Film Writers Association by a letter dated April 26 this year with a grievance that he had registered his script \"Zero\" with them (Association) on November 12, 2007, and that the film 'Jannat 2? was a clear infringement of this script.On May 3, when the matter was heard, the ad-interim injunction was not granted on the ground that the film was about to be released in theatres and that the comparison between the story of the impugned film and the script of the appellant (Kapil Chopra) may be made after its release.As the film has now been released, Chopra's counsel requested for ad-interim injunction.The respondents opposed his prayer and submitted that the previous court order of July 9 \u2014 which had asked them (respondents) to deposit Rs 10 lakh as a condition for satellite release of the film \u2014 may be continued.However, the court took into the account the findings of the Dispute Settlement Committee of the Film Writers' Association which concluded that there were \"striking similarities\" between ' Jannat-2? and the script written by Kapil Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15722038", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation removes encroachments in Civil Lines", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad Municipal Corporation conducted an anti-encroachment drive in Civil Lines on Saturday. During the demolition, many shops were sealed and ramps encroaching the drains demolished.The AMC squad along with JCB machines and bulldozers reached Civil Lines at 11:30am. The drive was started from Valmiki crossing, moved towards High Court crossing and then towards MG Marg.Many small shops and kiosks that had proliferated in the area were demolished. During the drive, four shops were demolished and eight shops and garages were sealed.Twenty 20 ramps constructed on the drains across Mahatma Gandhi Marg were also demolished. Some locals opposed the drive but backed off given the heavy police presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15725229", "title": "Now, Sukanta opts out of Presidency council", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after Sukanta Chaudhuri stepped down from Presidency University's mentor group, the professor emeritus on Saturday put in his papers as a member of the Council, the highest decision-making body of the university. Governor M K Narayanan, who is the chancellor of the university, and education minister Bratya Basu will now take a final call on the matter.\"I was a member of the Council since I was one among the 10 mentors of Presidency University. Since I have resigned from the mentor group, it is now only logical that I also resign from the Council. I have already tendered my resignation to higher education secretary Satish Tiwary,\" Chaudhuri said on Saturday.Chaudhuri's request for opting out of the mentor group has already been accepted, mentor group chairman Sugato Bose confirmed on Saturday. \"On Friday, Chaudhuri had e-mailed to all members of the mentor group and informed his decision to step down. From the very beginning, Chaudhuri had mentioned that he was in a dilemma. I believe he has made a choice by rendering his resignation. After receiving the resignation, I held a long discussion with him,\" Bose added.Chaudhuri had resigned after protesting against the government's decision to shower benefits on Presidency University and rewarding additional pay packages to the appointed teachers while some other state universities like Jadavpur and Calcutta University were deprived of any monetary benefit in spite of performing brilliantly.\"We will have to see if a new member is inducted to replace Chaudhuri as one of the mentors. I have already informed education minister Bratya Basu about Chaudhuri's resignation,\" Bose informed.Earlier on Friday, the mentor group chairman had said the mentor group will wrap up with all its reports regarding Presidency University by June 2013. After July 2013, the mentor group will cease to exist and some members will be nominated to the newly formed governing body as per the framed statute.At present, the Presidency University Council has 22 total members, including the ex-officio members. The members are - governor M K Narayanan, vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar, registrar Prabir Dasgupta, member secretary of state council of higher education, president of State Council of Higher Education, secretary of the finance department , principal secretary of the higher education department, scientist Bikash Sinha, vice-chancellor of Calcutta University Suranjan Das, vice-chancellor of Patna University Janak Pandey, NAAC chairman H A Ranganath, vice-chancellor of Jamia Milia Islamia University Mushirul Hassan and the nine mentor group members. The Council is set to meet on September 1 to ratify appointments to posts in various departments.\"I have been informed of his resignation. Chaudhuri has not only tendered his resignation from the post of a mentor but also as a member of the university Council,\" said vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15725553", "title": "India eyeing Iran's Chabahar port for direct access to Central Asia", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is weighing three investment options in Iran's Chabahar port with a total investment of Rs 300-400 crore. India's role would be crucial in the second phase of the port's expansion and New Delhi is looking at Chabahar as a gateway to Central Asia , bypassing Pakistan.Ministry sources said that two teams of experts \u2014 constituted by Indian Ports Association (IPA) \u2014 had visited the port and identified the scope for investment. \"Almost 70% work in the first phase has been completed. Iran has invested about $340 million in the venture. Our role would be in the second phase. We have submitted the three investment options to the ministry of external affairs,\" said a shipping ministry official.One of the three investment options is to construct and operate a multi-purpose cargo berth at Chabahar with an investment of about $20 million, sources said. The second option is to build a container terminal at an estimated investment of $30 million. And, the third plan is to develop yet another bigger container terminal at a cost of about $65 million.\"The government has to take call on how these projects can be executed, though public-private-partnership (PPP) is likely to be the preferred mode. The government might have to put some \"risk capital\" for smooth execution of these projects,\" a senior ministry official said.India's interest in the Iranian port is not only to get a direct access to Central Asia, but also to facilitate import of minerals from Afghanistan via Chabahar. Iran has plans to expand the port in five phases and to ramp up its capacity to 20 million tonnes by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15755254", "title": "Perception of others describes you: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: Quick, come up with an imaginary co-worker. Did you imagine someone who is positive, confident, and resourceful? Who rises to the occasion in times of trouble? If so, then chances are that you also display those traits in your own life, a new study finds.University of Nebraska-Lincoln researchers have found that study participants who conjured positive imaginary co-workers contributed more in the actual workplace, both in job performance and going above and beyond their job descriptions to help others.The results showed that your perceptions of others - even ones that are made up - says a lot about what kind of person you really are, said Peter Harms, UNL assistant professor of management and the study's lead author, the Wockhardt Foundation reported. Imagining co-workers instead of reporting on how you perceive your actual co-workers produces more accurate ratings of having a positive worldview, he said, because it strips away the unique relational baggage that one may have with the people they know.\"\"When you make up imaginary peers, they are completely a product of how you see the world,\" Harms said. \"Because of that we can gain better insight into your perceptual biases. That tells us a lot about how you see the world, how you interpret events and what your expectations of others are.\"The study consisted of hundreds of working adults in a range of fields, Harms said. It specifically targeted their \"psychological capital,\" a cluster of personality characteristics associated with the ability to overcome obstacles and the tendency to actively pursue one's goals. After asking participants to conjure up imaginary workers in a series of hypothetical situations, they were then asked to make ratings of the individuals they imagined on a wide range of characteristics.Those who envisioned workers as engaging in proactive behaviors or readily rebounding from failures were actually happier and more productive in their real-life work, the researchers found. Researchers have long acknowledged the benefits of having a positive mindset, but getting an accurate assessment has always been difficult because people are typically unwilling or unable to make accurate self-appraisals, Harms said.Through the use of projective storytelling, the UNL researchers were able to predict real-life work outcomes above and beyond other established measures. \"We've known that workplace relations are a self-fulfilling prophecy for some time,\" Harms said. \"If a manager believes that their workers are lazy and incompetent, they will elicit those patterns in their employees.\"It's hard to be motivated and enthusiastic for someone you know doesn't think of you very highly. But most people don't want to disappoint someone who sincerely believes in them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15758443", "title": "Swamy Ra Ra progressing in Hyderabad", "text": "Actor Nikhil and Swathi are currently shooting for a romantic entertainer titled Swamy Ra Ra, and the makers have released the title logo of the movie. The interesting title has been taken from a classical Carnatic song, and also from the lyrics of a yesteryear Telugu song.The unit, which began shooting last month in Hyderabad, has wrapped up the first schedule and is currently filming the second schedule. The cast and crew would leave to Kerala, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu in September third week to film the third schedule.Debutante Sudheer Varma is directing the film and Chakri Chigurupati, who earlier produced Veedu Teda with Nikhil, is producing the film. Sunny is composing the music and cinematography is handled by Richard Prasad. Director Ravi Babu is playing an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15716246", "title": "Rush-hour heist: Man robbed of Rs 45L &amp; car", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four armed men, two of them in police uniform, robbed an accountant of a leading trading firm of his car and Rs 45lakh he was carrying for his office. The incident happened during the 10am rush hour near Ashram flyover.Sanjeev Kumar , the accountant, lodged an FIR that that said on Thursday he was driving to his office with the cash after he found banks closed because of a two-day strike on August 22 and 23. \"I took the money in a khaki bag and drove to office. Around 10 am, I reached Sidharth Enclave after taking a U-turn from Ashram flyover. A blue Qualis suddenly blocked my way. I honked thrice. The Qualis stopped and three men came out,'' his FIR said.Kumar says the goons grabbed him by his collar and dragged him out of his car. \"They said one of their men would bring my car . They told me they'd take me to an office.\" He was bundled into the Qualis, which drove past Sarai Kale Khan and towards Akshardham flyover. \"One of them pointed a pistol at me. I gave them my purse with over Rs 4,000 and my credit cards. They snatched my mobileand another Rs 9,000 from my pocket,\" Kumar's FIR said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15746867", "title": "Ramdev's channel comes under ED scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate will soon question Ramdev's close aide Balkrishna in connection with a money laundering case registered against him even as yet another enterprise of the yoga guru has come under the scanner of the agency.While the ED is set to question Balkrishna on the foreign trips and investments he had made using his passport, it has begun scrutiny of funds inflow and remittances made in the television channel, Vedic broadcasting, run by Ramdev.Sources in the agency said that a show cause notice for alleged irregularities in funds received in the channel would soon be issued.The agency has got a report in this regard from the RBI and violations of forex laws is suspected, they said.Ramdev and Balkrishna have rejected the charges of any wrongdoing.The ED has stepped up the heat on the trusts and business enterprises of Ramdev as it has now completed the investigations in a number of instances.The probe against Ramdev's trusts had begun last year.The agency had registered the money laundering case against Balkrishna acting on the CBI FIR which had charged him with violations of the Passport Act.The ED, which enforces the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), suspects that Balkrishna, who has been looking after various trusts run by Ramdev, could have parked the alleged laundered money abroad using the forged passport as claimed by CBI.Balkrishna is now out on bail after he was arrested by CBI for allegedly submitting fake documents for obtaining Indian passport.The CBI had registered a case of cheating and criminal conspiracy against Balkrishna on July 23 last year for allegedly procuring fake degree and violating Section 12 of Indian Passport Act by furnishing fake and forged High School and graduation certificates to the passport authorities for obtaining the document.The CBI had filed a chargesheet in a special court here against Balkrishna in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15739234", "title": "Orphans can now earn and learn at after care homes", "text": "MUMBAI: In an improvement in institutional care for orphans, the state government has decided to offer job training and placement services in after care homes.Children from orphanages are enrolled into after care homes after completing 18 years of age.The state women and child development department has decided to initiate professional certification courses for both technical and non-technical streams in such after care homes as part of rehabilitation for such children.To begin with the facility will be initiated across nine after care homes (five government-run and four NGO-run).It has roped in six experienced agencies to impart the training. The responsibility of placements after a successful training session will also be with the agencies.The government will pay these agencies a maximum of Rs 5000 per child after the completion of the process. These agencies will have the right to retain fees charged from employers for a successful placement, a department official said.The official said that 180 teenagers will benefit from the scheme this fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15711206", "title": "Gujarat's latest export to China garba!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dodhiyu may be a tongue-twister for the Chinese, but that hasn't stopped them from learning its complex steps. Youth from the land of the dragon dance are learning the garba. Students of Sichuan University, one of the oldest national universities of China, will undergo training to master the teen taali and hinch, besides the dodhiyu with grace. They will then display their skills during Navratri.The training sessions will take place in two parts in China and Ahmedabad. Gujarati garba teachers in China will initially impart the training. The students will then arrive in Ahmedabad 15 days before Navratri begins to learn steps from local performers and trainers.The batch will arrive in Ahmedabad on October 1 and perform at Karnavati Club during Navratri, which starts on October 16, said Jagat Shah, chairman, India China Economic &amp; Cultural Council (ICEC)- Gujarat chapter.Likewise, the Chinese will also teach Gujaratis the traditional Chinese dances of the lion, dragon as well as acrobatics. The various forms of traditional dance will be performed by Gujaratis along with the Chinese during the Vibrant Gujarat summit in January 2013. Besides, a 72-member team from China will stage a Beijing opera, which dates back to the third century, at Motera stadium for three days during the upcoming Vibrant Gujarat summit in January next year.The move comes in the wake of Gujarat aggressively trying to forge business ties with China. In fact, Gujarat eyes over 10% of the total Chinese investment of $100 billion expected in India in the next five years. About 30 Chinese companies have also shown interest in developing a Rs 25,000 crore township in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15747482", "title": "This Onam, tuck in to Kerala style biryani", "text": "Not treated with the same reverence as Lucknow's biryani, Kerala's versions are just as delicious. Tuck in, and say, happy Onam.It's not the wisest thing to say to a customer, but V.P. Ravindran tells you to stay away from Sneha, his modest Kerala food eatery on Lady Jamshetji Road in Mahim, on Wednesdays. Keralite Christian nuns, who make a weekly trip to St Michael's church opposite the restaurant, siphon off the seven handis of kappa biryani that the eatery prepares, leaving nothing for walk-in customers.So, while Mughlai restaurants flaunt their best-biryani tag with pride, and the Bohri, Memon and Khojas of Mumbai toss up the dish in their own distinctive style, the city's Malayalis have kept the Kerala biryani tradition alive.In the southern state, each district makes its biryani differently, says Abida Rasheed, a celebrated Moplah chef. \"Even within the Malabar region, for instance, Calicut's biryani is radically different from what's made in say, Talassery in Kannur district. Calicut does it dum-style, and uses chicken, while Talassery-style biryani is made by cooking mutton and rice separately before it's assembled,\" she says.Then again, the Hindu biryani from Kerala uses powdered spices such as turmeric, coriander and red chillies, while the Malabari Muslim biryani doesn't employ any masala. Sneha has served its chicken and kappa biryanis for 27 years to homesick Malayalis who sit by its sunmica lined tables. Its kitchen has a backdoor for easy entry, and a biryani station, if we can call it that. An assortment of pans, a stove, pots that hold various marinated meats, and a gigantic handi with boiled rice fried in ghee stand on it.Raju Bhonsle, a young cook from Orissa trained by a local chef from Kannur, assembles a plate of chicken biryani in minutes. A plump chicken leg cooked in yoghurt, tomatoes, chillies, black pepper and a heap of onion, is placed on a steel quarter plate, showered with fried onion, and a final layer of fragrant rice.The kappa biryani resembles a khichdi, and is made with boiled kappa or tapioca. A tadka of green chillies, curry leaves and mustard seeds is added before the mixture is beaten with a wooden pestle. A double fried beef masala mixture that stands in a pan, is tossed with the mashed tapioca before it's served steaming.A plate of this served with a poppadum, pickle and curd raita, and you could well be sitting in a restaurant in the bylanes of Mahe.Hotel Fountain Plaza Mumbai's Malayalis who head here on Fridays and Saturdays, come for a taste of the Malabar-style fish biryani. This 21-year-old eatery is said to serve the best value-formoney Kerala biryani in town. The fish is flaky, and the rice, aromatic. Go for it if you can handle spice. Where: Standard Plaza Chamber, near Handloom House Police Chowki, Fort.Madina Hotel Madina runs out of a single shop on LJ Road, and caters mainly to bachelors living around the area. Try their fiery chicken biryani. Where: Near St. Michael Church, MahimKerala Cafe This newly opened cafe in Malad offers prawn, egg, fish, chicken and mutton versions of the Malabar biryani. Our vote goes to the Kerala fried mutton biryani made by tossing spicy dry mutton fry with cooked short Kerala rice. Where: Opposite Lokozy Toyota showroom, Link Road, Chincholi Bunder, Malad West", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15710842", "title": "Otis clarifies", "text": "Reaction to a TOI report on elevator accident on August 24, Otis has clarified that there was no elevator fall. Nikhil Lodaya, spokesperson of the company, said that during their probe, they identified that when the elevator at Mahagun Mascot building stopped at the 4th floor around 3pm on August 24, a metal component that is used to operate the door close system fell into the elevator shaft. The confined space in which this happened amplified the sound of the fall. \"A maintenance call was made to our service centre and attended to by our technical personnel within 30 minutes. The problem has now been resolved and the elevator is back in full service. The safety of the riding public underpins everything we do at Otis and we take reports of this kind very seriously. We would like to confirm that given the nature of the incident, the safety of the public was not threatened at any time during its occurrence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15713841", "title": "New methods boon to ophthalmology: Expert", "text": "NAGPUR: With latest techniques of cornea transplantation it is now possible to give vision to a maximum of six persons from one eye or cornea donation. But it will be another few years before these techniques are used by corneal surgeons on a mass scale in cities like Nagpur. The expertise is now restricted to only metros and that too to few experts.Conventionally, one cornea is used for one eye transplant. But, in the last few years, experts have begun to practice what is in medical terms is called as 'alternative keratoplasty'. It allows the corneal surgeon to extract three different layers out of the five corneal layers of tissue in the eye and use it for the restoration of vision in three persons.Speaking to TOI on this alternative form of corneal surgery, the country's biggest expert Dr Aashish Bansal said that new techniques have opened new vistas in treatment of corneal blindness. He is head of ophthalmology department of Apollo Hospitals in Chennai and ex-cornea chief of LV Prasad Eye Institute in Hyderabad.Bansal, who is also the director of Eyedu foundation, is in the city for a one-day workshop and hands-on training on corneal surgeries being organized by the eye department of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences (NKPSIMS).Explaining the alternative keratoplasty method, Bansal said that cornea has three layers: the outermost epithelial layer, middle stroma and innermost endothelium. They can be removed individually from each donated cornea and used specifically in patients with damage of these layers.\"It requires a lot of expertise to do this. But the technique is a boon to ophthalmology,\" said Bansal. \"In people with diseased endothelium it's transplantation as well as healing is faster. The technique also requires relatively less time for removal of sutures which otherwise remain for at least a year.\"Although the general concept about eye transplantation is that the donated cornea has to be transplanted within 2-6 hours, the availability of better facilities has ensured that it can be stored from 72 hours to 14 days. But, it is an expensive affair.The facility of artificial cornea transplantation (Boston keratoplasty prosthesis) is already in vogue at selected centres in India and costs about Rs2.5 lakhs. \"It is a good option in only patients where keratoplasty does not work and transplant is rejected and also for patients with dry eyes, bad quality tears and with patients suffering from inflammation of eyes due to varied reasons,\" said Bansal.According to him, another surgery which can be used widely for correction of refractive errors in eyes is the Laser-Assisted in Situ Keratomileusis or Lasik (laser eye surgery). \"It is currently restricted to only the affluent class due to the high cost involved,\" added Bandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15721287", "title": "Row over caste status hampers Kattu Naicker kids\u2019 education", "text": "COIMBATORE: Students belonging to the Kattu Naicker community who were denied education due to lack of community certificates can continue their studies, assured Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra. He was responding to a query pertaining to a group of residents from a settlement in Sakkimangalam, Madurai, presently living in the city, who is unable to get their children admitted in city schools as they did not have community certificates.Chinnakannan Subbiah, a senior member of the community, said there are around 1,000 members of their community in Madurai. Traditionally, they are part of a nomadic tribe who make a living through begging, selling items and more commonly by performing acts. They go back to their settlement, allotted by the government, once a month.For years there have been controversies regarding their caste and hence caste certificates were not issued. This hindered admission for their children in city schools. \"Most students will not be able to complete class 10 because of this. A few who have managed to complete high-school, have not been able to pursue a college education,\" says Raja, a member of the community. Therefore, they are unable to have a decent career. The children are forced to continue in the tradition of their parents regarding their livelihood.Officials say there are many controversies surrounding this community. A senior official said that only a few of them are actually Kattu Naickers who come under the Scheduled Tribe (ST) category while the rest belong to other castes in the Backward Category. The latter group has been denied their community certificate. The issue became more complex when some of the community members got their certificates. A committee has been appointed to study the case.Anshul Mishra said that he has instructed education officials to ensure education of these children is not interrupted due to lack of caste certificates. He assured that in case of any problems, the district administration would look into it.\"We don't want our children to follow in our footsteps. We want them to have a better life. Despite the hardships, many of us are sending our children to government boarding schools. With higher education, we hope that our youngsters can join the mainstream,\" said Subbiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15723055", "title": "Spain's hungry mayor on a mission", "text": "Angel Vadillo has been fasting for 74 days, in protest of austerity policies that have 'ruined his town's future'Every weekday morning Angel Vadillo, mayor of the Spanish town of Alburquerque , holds meetings, replies to emails, and fields telephone calls. Indeed, it would be business as usual, were it not that Mr Vadillo is currently on day 74 of a hunger strike outside the huge office blocks that house the ministry of industry in Madrid.For over two months, Mr Vadillo has been conducting a one-man fight against austerity measures that have, he says, ruined the prospects for Spain's renewable energy industry. Visibly emaciated, his only daily sustenance is eight litres of water with honey as he sits or lies in a hired van in a car park 10 metres from the ministry's gates.\"They could let me die, but if they allowed a mayor of a town to die, for a democracy that's a serious problem,\" Mr Vadillo - a gaunt giant of a man who has lost 23kg and 5cm of muscle mass since his strike started - tells The Independent as he shakily rolls a cigarette. \"The longer my struggle goes on, the more I suffer, the more attention people are going to pay me.\"His decision to stage the strike came after the Industry Minister, Jose Manuel Soria, announced all subsidies for new renewable energy projects would be cut in January as part of austerity measures to help curb Spain's debt crisis. Mr Vadillo says the consequences for Alburquerque , whose economic future was heavily dependent on five new solar power plants, are disastrous.With the power plant plans on hold, the mayor estimates some 850 workers in Alburquerque , a town of 5,000 near the Portuguese frontier in Extremadura , will now join Spain's millions of unemployed. Not only that - the Euro 36m of taxes that filled Alburquerque's coffers thanks to advance payments by the new plants have been wiped out, forcing him to close the town's old people's home as well as a centre for the disabled. \"We're in recession and we could generate employment with these sorts of projects all over Spain,\" Mr Vadillo says. \"It can't be that Germany is the No 1 in solar power in Europe when we've got this amazing sunshine.\" Mr Vadillo says he will end the strike when the ministry initiates negotiations involving all parties affected by the cuts. Interest in Mr Vadillo's case has grown elsewhere. Civil servants from the ministry leave their desks to join him in a half hour protest each morning and he has an estimated four million supporters online. After what he calls an initially sluggish response , Spain's ecological movements are also coming on board too.-- THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15719204", "title": "Joint parliamentary committee boycott pre-meditated: Deepender Hooda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rough-hewn Haryanvi accent and not unparliamentary or foul language may have antagonised the BJP members who walked out from a meeting of the joint parliamentary committee (JPC) on 2G scam on Wednesday, said Congress MP Deepender Hooda on Saturday.While denying the BJP members' charge that they were insulted, Hooda said: \"Everyone knows Haryanvi accent isn't particularly sweet. You cannot dub it as abusive. Some members protested saying the tone was not right. That's subjective,\" remarked the Rohtak MP.\"Moreover, it was a pre-conceived plan by the BJP to corner the Congress members,\" said Hooda, speaking exclusively to TOI at Haryana CM and his father Bhupender Singh Hooda's Chandigarh residence.Members of BJP, led by former finance minister Yashwant Sinha had walked out of the JPC meeting probing the 2G scam, after falling out with the Congress party over the issue of calling PM Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram for questioning.The BJP members, Jaswant Singh , Yashwant Sinha, Gopinath Munde and Ravi Shankar Prasad, had alleged that young UPA members -- Congress spokesperson and Ludhiana MP Manish Tewari and Hooda -- had used foul language.\"Their showdown was completely manufactured. They had invited the entire media in advance. They also had a problem with our age, raising issues like how young MPs could take them on in a high-powered committee like JPC,\" said Hooda, who is 34.\"All MPs from Rajya Sabha or Lok Sabha have equal stake in Parliament, irrespective of their age, state or party,\" Hooda added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15710919", "title": "They duped 150 men with promise of jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crime branch has arrested four people who ran a racket spanning seven states in which unemployed youth were duped with the promise of a job with the railways. DCP (crime) Sanjay Kumar Jain said the accused have duped at least 150 men, from northern and western states, of about Rs 2 crore in the past 14 months.\"A computer, printer, scanner and memory card have been recovered from them. They used the equipment to print fake admit cards and employment letters by the railways. Four bank accounts have been frozen; the gang had taken a lot of cash as well,\" said Jain.The gang was nabbed after one Rajesh Kumar from Kangra in Himachal Pradesh complained that he had been duped by one Yashpal Sharma and his associates on the pretext of recruitment in the railways. He alleged they had taken Rs 2 crore from him for arranging the 'job' and had similarly cheated several others persons. The accused demanded Rs 25,000-Rs 2 lakh for a Group D job. \"The accused believed in taking money several times. They charged Rs 5,000 for filling a form, another Rs 10,000 for a medical test, and the final instalment was taken while handing out the fake appointment letters,'' said a source.On Thursday, Yashpal Sharma and his associate Namo Narain Singh were arrested near Sector 28, Rohini. Their associates Manoj Gupta and Surender Pratap Pandey were apprehended at their instance. Eighteen people from Mukeria in Punjab and three more from Kangra were found who had been cheated by them.\"It was found that Yashpal is the mastermind. His father is in the railways and one of his accomplices also works there. This provided him first-hand knowledge of the railway set-up. \"Yashpal Sharma's real name is Yugdutt Sharma. He had worked as a salesman for a gutka company. In February 2011, he met one Kamal Sharma in Jammu. Kamal introduced himself as an ex-captain of the Army. He convinced Yashpal that he knew influential people in the Army and could help in getting jobs there. Yashpal brought him four prospective candidates and Kamal took money from them with the promise of arranging jobs. Thereafter, Kamal vanished; he had taken money from Yashpal too. Yashpal decided to use the same method to make good his losses and earn money,'' said additional DCP (SIT) Joy Tirkey.Yashpal roped in Manoj, whom he knew from his stint as a salesman. Surender was brought in by Manoj. The fourth accused Namo was recruited by Pandey as both belong to the same village in UP. Namo Narain worked in a company that manufactures railway wagons in Mokama in Bihar. \"Yashpal read newspapers for advertisments of jobs in the railways. He would spread a word through his contacts that he could get those jobs with the help of his contacts. To cast their net wide, one customer would be asked to bring three more references, and they in turn would bring more references,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718974", "title": "Man's body languishes as kin allege police torture", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The body of a 26-year-old youth has been lying at the Civil Hospital morgue for the past two days as his family members have refused to take possession of it. The family has alleged death due to police beating in custody, and has demanded an inquiry before the last rites are performed.Govind Chauhan, a resident of Palanpur in Banaskantha district, told TOI that a team of police officials came to the residence of Arvind Chauhan, his nephew, on Wednesday morning and took him for questioning. The family was informed at night that Arvind would have to be taken to the Civil Hospital due to a medical condition.\"Arvind was unconscious when we saw him. The police would not tell us what had happened,\" said Govind. \"His treatment continued till Thursday morning, after which he was declared dead. His body was sent for post-mortem. We have not yet been told the reason for his death. We suspect that he was beaten up by cops.\"Sources said that Arvind, a worker at a factory, was named in a case involving the theft of silver ornaments of his girlfriend. Her relatives had given an application of complaint to police.\"Police claimed that Arvind felt uneasy during questioning and had to be taken to a hospital,\" said Govind. \"He was taken to Palanpur Civil Hospital and then to Ahmedabad. How come police did not inform us about the first hospitalization?\"Ashok Kumar Yadav, the superintendent of police, Banakskantha district, told TOI that the case was under scrutiny. \"We are awaiting the post-mortem result. Action will be taken against policemen if found guilty,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713884", "title": "3,000 workers hired to clean the Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: After heavy rains destroyed public and private property, the Jaipur Municipal Corporation has roped in 3,000 sanitation workers to clean the city.District collector Navin Mahajan said, \"The work to clean the city has been started. The JMC has roped in 3,000 workers on contract basis.\"Moreover, the district administration has expressed concern over the clogged storm water drainage system of the city. Mahajan said, \"It is necessary to clean the storm water drainage system at war-footing before another spell of rain. The system is blocked by sand that came with rain water.\"The collector claimed that by Sunday the de-watering of all the areas including Madrampura, the Walled City and Bhatta Basti would be completed.He said that eleven teams of the district administration have been directed to conduct survey of the property damaged and complete it by Wednesday. Mahajan said the district administration would help those whose houses have been damaged in the rains.The district administration also sought proposals from the Jaipur development authority, Jaipur municipal corporation, public works department to repair the damaged public property including roads and flyovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "dudhsagar, colem", "code": "15716709", "title": "Dirty Dudhsagar: A beauty disfigured", "text": "DUDHSAGAR, COLEM: If James Bond had jumped out of the train here, the streak of ugly plastic litter on the hillside would have surely distracted him from the 'sea of milk' cascading down the hill into the pool below.While the shooting of the 23rd movie featuring the fictional spy was shifted to South Africa as talks by its producers with Indian authorities apparently failed due to some reasons, including exacting requirements, Goa's world famous waterfall with its mystic charm, missed a chance to leap further into glory at the global level.Hundreds of visitors arrive here by train to soak in the charm of the misty waterfall during the monsoon. They crowd the spaces under the gushing flow and along the track, and leave behind a sea of litter. Small heaps of sachets, food packets, pet bottles and other waste is choking the hillside and much of it has been lying there for a long time. Part of the waste is flung out from the train as it chugs along the ledge on the shoulder of the craggy hill and some of it by picknickers, reaching the lower reaches of the waterfall during the October-May season.The place may have been thoroughly cleaned up if the James Bond action sequence was shot here against the backdrop of the waterfall, known popularly as 'sea of milk', cascading down dream-like from the crest of the Sahyadris.But right now, the pristine environment, deep in the lap of one of the global biodiversity hotspots, is being devastated by wanton littering. \"The plastic waste is marring one of Goa's most beautiful landscapes,\" says Sai Abhishek, a tourist from Mumbai.The authorities have not rightly allowed any vendors at the site to prevent litter, but the damage is being done anyway. \"There are no dust bins in the area and the scene is very bad,\" Abshishek said. Shooting one of India's highest waterfalls to satiate his passion for photography, he found the trash often zooming into the viewfinder.The train halts at the small Dudhsagar station every Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday.\"Last Sunday, there were hundreds of visitors here,\" says Dattaraj Khandeparker, a local guide. No facilities are available here and picknickers bring their own food and water.\"The waste creates aesthetic pollution, but to talk about the toxic harm it causes, would depend on the types of substances inside the plastic,\" Nandkumar Kamat, a botanist said. Kamat, who is also a member of the state wildlife advisory board, said he had raised the issue of pollution of Dudhsagar last year at the board meeting. But no action has been initiated in the matter, he said.Though the litter within range may be cleared up, the plastic rotting unseen beyond the bushes may prove harmful in the long term. \"Lots of it is lying on slopes,\" Tukaram Parwar, a local guide, said.The panchayat has no role to play as the area is not easily accessible. \"There is a problem, but forest department should tackle it, as they are doing it at the bottom of the waterfall,\" Ramesh Khandeparker, deputy sarpanch of Colem panchayat, said.The bottom tier of the waterfall is accessible only during fair weather. Visitors hire jeeps from Colem village to drive through thick forests and cross a stream to reach there. One of the main attraction is the crystal clear water in the pool.\"We are checking the visitors at the entry point for plastic,\" Richard D'Souza, additional principal chief conservator, said. The department is also planning to impose fines on offenders from October, 2012.The second tier above, along the railway track, is an unmanned area. It is accessible around the year by train, but visitors cannot scale down the hill to the pool due to the steep gradient.\"The railway workers carry out periodic cleaning, but they are understaffed,\" a source said.Villagers want the government to tidy up the place and provide some infrastructure. \"Maybe, a few facilities should be provided and some signboards put up at the site,\" the deputy sarpanch said.\"We are exposing the beauty of Goa and works of God to visitors. At the same time, we must protect it,\" said Ralph de Sousa, spokesperson for the Travel and tourism association of Goa, an apex body of tourism stakeholders in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15716341", "title": "First death on Yamuna Expressway", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A fun trip to Taj Mahal turned tragic for a family when the Maruti Zen they were travelling in collided with a truck near Jewar in Greater Noida on the Yamuna Expressway . This is the first fatal accident on the expressway since it opened on August 9.While Rahul Singhal (35), who was driving the car, died on the way to hospital, his wife, Nisha Singhal (32), elder son Naman (11) and younger son Akshat (7) were injured in the crash, police said. \"Nisha received injuries to the face and Naman escaped with minor bruises. Akshat, however, suffered serious head injuries and was admitted to the ICU of Kailash Hospital in Greater Noida,\" said deputy SP (Jewar) Rajkumar Mishra. The Singhals are residents of Maurya Enclave in Pitampura. Akshat has now been moved to Balaji Action Hospital in Paschim Vihar. Rahul's parents are currently in London. \"His parents have gone to visit his brother, who works there,\" said Subhas Goel, Nisha's uncle.Rahul had a factory of novelty items in Shastri Nagar. Police said the the family was returning from Gwalior and had stop by to visit Taj Mahal. The accident took place on the Agra-Greater Noida stretch of the expressway. \"Around 10.30pm when their car had crossed the Jewar toll plaza and was about 30km from the zero point of Greater Noida, it crashed into a moving truck,\" said Mishra.Relatives said the family had gone to Gwalior on August 23 to attend a function. Police said the driver probably lost control of the car, which hit the moving truck from behind and then overturned. \"Rahul could have dozed off for a few seconds or may have missed the truck in the darkness ,\" Mishra said. \"The e-way officials said the car had four occupants, three of whom were later taken to Kailash Hospital and one had died,\" added Mishra.Officials at Jaypee, however, had a different version. An official looking after the security said the Zen hit with the divider and overturned. \"The truck may have suddenly appeared ahead of Rahul and to avoid hitting it, he may swerved to the right, hitting the central verge and flipping over on the right side, injuring Rahul who was behind the wheel,\" said Qamar Ahmad from Jaypee Infratech.\"Our ambulance and patrol cars were alerted and were the first to respond to the emergency. The injured were extricated from the wreckage and rushed to the first-aid centre at the Jewar toll plaza,\" Ahmad said. \"While Rahul died on the way to the centre, Nisha, Naman and Akshat were taken to Kailash Hospital around 3.30am,\" he said.The family, meanwhile, has alleged that the truck was stationary and Rahul's car rammed it on the expressway. \"They have made such a big expressway with a hefty toll, but there are no streetlights. It's a major safety hazard, especially during the rains,\" said Nisha's uncle. The Gautam Budh Nagar police are yet to take any action or file a case. \"No one from the family has registered a complaint as yet,\" Mishra said. \"The truck driver also did not stop after the accident,\" the cop said. \"We will investigate the reason for the accident,\" said SP (rural) Ashok Kumar.(With inputs from Esha Mahajan)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbau", "code": "15756733", "title": "Mom's love good for child's brain", "text": "MUMBAU: School-age children whose mothers nurtured them early in life have brains with a larger hippocampus, a key structure important to learning, memory and response to stress.The new research, by child psychiatrists and neuroscientists at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, is the first to show that changes in this critical region of children's brain anatomy are linked to a mother's nurturing. Their research is published online in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Early Edition.\"This study validates something that seems to be intuitive, which is just how important nurturing parents are to creating adaptive human beings,\" says first author Joan L. Luby. \"I think the public health implications suggest that we should pay more attention to parents' nurturing, and we should do what we can as a society to foster these skills because clearly nurturing has a very, very big impact on later development.\"The brain-imaging study involved children ages 7 to 10 who had participated in an earlier study of preschool depression that Luby and her colleagues began about a decade ago. That study involved children, ages 3 to 6, who had symptoms of depression, other psychiatric disorders or were mentally healthy with no known psychiatric problems.As part of the initial study, the children were closely observed and videotaped interacting with a parent, almost always a mother, as the parent was completing a required task, and the child was asked to wait to open an attractive gift. How much or how little the parent was able to support and nurture the child in this stressful circumstance - which was designed to approximate the stresses of daily parenting - was evaluated by raters who knew nothing about the child's health or the parent's temperament.\"It's very objective,\" says Luby, professor of child psychiatry. \"Whether a parent was considered a nurturer was not based on that parent's own self-assessment. Rather, it was based on their behavior and the extent to which they nurtured their child under these challenging conditions.\"The study didn't observe parents and children in their homes or repeat stressful exercises, but other studies of child development have used similar methods as valid measurements of whether parents tend to be nurturers when they interact with their children.For the current study, the researchers conducted brain scans on 92 of the children who had had symptoms of depression or were mentally healthy when they were studied as preschoolers. The imaging revealed that children without depression who had been nurtured had a hippocampus almost 10 percent larger that children whose mothers were not as nurturing.\"For years studies have underscored the importance of an early, nurturing environment for good, healthy outcomes for children,\" Luby says. \"But most of those studies have looked at psychosocial factors or school performance. This study, to my knowledge, is the first that actually shows an anatomical change in the brain, which really provides validation for the very large body of early childhood development literature that had been highlighting the importance of early parenting and nurturing. Having a hippocampus that's almost 10 percent larger just provides concrete evidence of nurturing's powerful effect.\"\"Luby says the smaller volumes in depressed children might be expected because studies in adults have shown the same results. What did surprise her was that nurturing made such a big difference in mentally healthy children. \"We found a very strong relationship between maternal nurturing and the size of the hippocampus in the healthy children,\" she says.Although 95 percent of the parents whose nurturing skills were evaluated during the earlier study were biological mothers, the researchers say that the effects of nurturing on the brain are likely to be the same, for any primary caregiver whether they are fathers, grandparents or adoptive parents. The fact that the researchers found a larger hippocampus in the healthy children who were nurtured is striking, Luby says, because the hippocampus is such an important brain structure.When the body faces stresses, the brain activates the autonomic nervous system, an involuntary system of nerves that controls the release of stress hormones. Those hormones help us cope with stress by increasing the heart rate and helping the body adapt. The hippocampus is the main brain structure involved in that response.It's also key in learning and memory, and larger volumes would suggest a link to improved performance in school, among other things.Past animal studies have indicated that a nurturing mother can influence brain development, and many studies in human children have identified improvements in school performance and healthier development in children raised in a nurturing environment. But until now, there has not been solid evidence linking a nurturing parent to changes in brain anatomy in children.\"\"Studies in rats have shown that maternal nurturance, specifically in the form of licking, produces changes in genes that then produce changes in receptors that increase the size of the hippocampus,\"\" Luby says. \"\"That phenomenon has been replicated in primates, but it hasn't really been clear whether the same thing happens in humans. Our study suggests a clear link between nurturing and the size of the hippocampus.\"\"She says educators who work with families who have young children may improve school performance and child development by not only teaching parents to work on particular tasks with their children but by showing parents how to work with their children. \"\"Parents should be taught how to nurture and support their children. Those are very important elements in healthy development,\"\" Luby says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15749875", "title": "Thilakan continues to be critically ill", "text": "Veteran actor Thilakan continues to be critically ill, and the doctors at the KIMS Hospital, Thiruvananthapuram, where he is admitted, has said that he has very little chances of recovery.\"Thilakan underwent a cardiac arrest around four days back, and was admitted immediately to the Sri Uthradam Thirunal Hospital immediately. Later he was shifted to the KIMS hospital but the doctors say that the brain cells have undergone damage and thus, even if he recovers, he will be in a state of paralysis,\"\" said Dinesh Shantivila, a close associate of Thilakan. Right now, the actor is on ventilator. All his children, except Shammi Thilakan, who is busy with a preplanned shoot, are with him in the hospital.From morning, friends of the actor from the film industry as well as outside have been visiting the hospital. Among those who visited today are film directors Sibi Malayil and Kamal, IAS officers K Jayakumar, M Vijayakumar and many small screen personalities. Actor Mammootty had called up Shoby Thilakan and enquired about his father's health. However, those belonging to AMMA (Association of Malayalam Movie Artists), with whom Thilakan had a long standing rift, have not visited, points out Dinesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717513", "title": "Show-cause notice to students", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after two groups led by student leaders clashed in Lucknow University, the university administration on Saturday issued a show-cause notice to Rudresh Pratap Singh and Upendra Singh. The duo had accused Amar Singh Chauhan, driver of a rival candidate Ramji Pandey, of causing injuries to them.LU proctor Prof Pawan Agarwal has also issued a show-cause to Ajay Kumar Verma, an MBA first semester student, who was reported nuisance on the campus on Thursday. On Saturday, a meeting of the proctor along with police officials was held wherein it was decided that video recording of student leaders moving in flashy cars will be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore/ udhagamandalam", "code": "15720641", "title": "CM statement on Lankan presence at Wellington fuels protests in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE/ UDHAGAMANDALAM: Jayalalithaa accusing the Centre of \"mischievously concealing\" the training given to two Sri Lankan military personnel at the at the Defence Service Staff College (DSSC) at Wellington sparked off protests in the city with cadres of Periyar Dravida Kazhagam (PDK), Naam Tamizhar Party and Viduthualai Chiruthaigal Katchi taking to the streets on Saturday. At least 65 protestors were arrested.A protest by PDK workers in front of the 110 Territorial Army camp at Red Fields in the city was spoiled by the police. Twenty one party workers were arrested when they refuse to obey police order and disperse. Later in the evening, the police arrested 44 workers of MDMK, who tried to block traffic by squatting in front of the passport office on Avinashi road.PDK general secretary K Ramakrishnan claimed that Sri Lankan soldiers were being trained for the past few months at the defence facility in Wellington. Alleging that Tamils in Sri Lanka were suffering at the hands of that Lankan army, he condemned the decision of Union government to train soldiers in Tamil Nadu. Giving support to Sri Lankan army personnel was to insult Tamils, who were being killed in that country, he said.Meanwhile, VCK has announced that it will hold a protest and block traffic in Coonoor in the Nilgiris on Sunday. \"We have come to know from the CM's statement that Sri Lankan army men were getting trained at the DSSC. We have planned for a protest including road- roko on Sunday morning in Coonoor,\" said K Sagadevan, Nilgiris district secretary of VCK.When asked if the VCK has confirmed the news about Lankan army personnel being trained at the DSSC in Wellington, Sagadevan said that CM's statement was enough of evidence.DSSC officials, however, refused to comment on the issue citing the defence protocol. However, one of the officials who did not want to be named said the news was not a confirmed one.Similar protests were organised in July when a few military officers from Lanka came to the DSSC on a study tour. Established in 1948, the college housed at Wellington amidst picturesque surroundings in the heart of the Nilgiris, trains officers of all the three wings of the armed forces of India. It provides training programmes to army personnel from other countries as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15712909", "title": "BJP slams govt", "text": "MUMBAI: Keeping up the pressure on the government over the Mumbai riot episode, The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Saturday attacked the government for lack of credible action against the perpetrators of the violence on August 11.State BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari alleged the inaction was due to the \"political patronage\" enjoyed by some of the accused in the case. He also distributed photos showing RR Patil and Sachin Ahir on a stage with Raza Academy's Moin Miyan, accused in the August 11 violence. Pointing out that Miyan's brother is an NCP corporator, from Mumbra, Bhandari alleged the inaction against riots accused was due to the \"political patronage\" enjoyed by some of the accused. Patil said the photo was taken at an anti-drug event organized by the academy.\"As a minister, we get invited to various social events. There is nothing wrong in sharing dais with people having no criminal past,\" he said. Interestingly, the BJP leader did not disclose that the original picture also had a Congress minister and legislator Amin Patel in the frame.Reiterating the stand that the riots were pre-planned and that the state government had been alerted in advance, he produced an August 9 letter sent to Patil and then police commissioner Arup Patnaik by a Garib Nagar resident. \"It had alerted that a criminal and his accomplice were plotting a major act of violence, and had been holding prolonged meetings. It said that the group had imported fake currency, drugs, and firearms, which were being distributed to hired goons. It had also provided the criminal's residential address,\" said Bhandari. \"Had the home department taken pains in confirming the details, the August 11 episode might well have been averted.\" The same resident, said Bhandari, wrote another letter on August 14, naming 12 people including the criminal as being involved in the riots. Producing evidence that the person had been externed on April 17, Bhandari questioned as to how he was allowed to freely move around in the city. \"It is for Patil and the police to come clean on action taken on the two letters,\" he said. Interestingly, MNS chief Raj Thackeray had produced the same letter during an August 20 press conference. With the demand of Patil's resignation continuing to be discussed, the BJP's move to discuss the same letter is being seen as a tactic to keep up the pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15714839", "title": "Mumbai-bound train schedule now on track", "text": "NASHIK: Taking cognizance of the several complaints regarding the Manmad-Mumbai Panchvati Express arriving late at Nashik Road and reaching Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus-CST(M), Mumbai, behind schedule almost everyday, the Railways is now taking measures to ensure that the train arrives at every station on time, even it means fine-tuning the timings of the Mumbai-bound Duronto Express preceding it.\"In the meeting held last week, general manager of the Central Railways Subodh Jain asked the officials to take measures and closely monitor the timings of Panchvati Express. He asked them to study the problems and find solutions. Accordingly, the train has been leaving Nashik towards Mumbai on time and reaching Mumbai on time,\" a senior railway official from Mumbai said, on condition of anonymity.Chief public relations officer VA Malegaonkar confirmed the attention being paid towards the movement of the train and said, \"The administration is working out on some (internal) adjustments to ensure the train is punctual, thus helping office-goers reach on time.\" The Panchvati Express is patronized by commuters across Nashik district and beyond to travel to Mumbai daily, including office-goers and businessmen, who commute to Mumbai and return at night by the same train.Bipin Gandhi, of Rail Parishad, an NGO, said that after the meeting, a formula has been put in place. This includes ensuring the Duronto Express does not affect the timing of Panchvati Express in Bhusawal and Mumbai divisions. \"Apparently, a system has been put in place and since Monday, the train has departed from Nashik and arrived at Mumbai on time. The officials have promised that this would be the long term solution for the train,\" Gandhi said.Another railway official said that the timings of Duronto will now be closely monitored. \"The Mumbai-bound Panchvati Express arriving late in Nashik - at the most by 15 minutes was allowed as it would easily make up for the lost timing in Bhusawal Division (till Igatpuri) and then reach CST(M) on time. However, because of Duronto Express coming late, the Panchvati Express would be delayed by more than 30 to 40 minutes, making it impossible to reach CST(M) in time. For a week at least, the things have been on track,\" the official said.Sanjay Karvate, a government employee and a daily traveler, said that he wants to see how long the improvement in the timings last. \"This week (gone by) the things were fine as the train was delayed not more than 10 minutes at Nashik. However, we will have to wait and see for at least next week completely before we can celebrate,\" Karvate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15734625", "title": "Ind vs NZ: India beat New Zealand by an innings and 115 runs in first Test", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ravichandran Ashwin produced a career-best 12-wicket match haul as a merciless India relied on the spinners to crush New Zealand by an innings and 115 runs to take a 1-0 lead in the two-match Test series on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in PicsNew Zealand batting collapsed yet again as they lost the last seven wickets for 26 runs to get bundled out for a meagre 164 in the second innings, shortly after the tea break to give the hosts an easy victory with more than a day to spare.Ashwin's match figures of 12 for 85 is the best by an Indian in a Test match against New Zealand, eclipsing S Venkatraghavan's 12 for 140.The Tamil Nadu spinner foxed the inexperienced Kiwi batsmen by extracting a lot of turn and bounce from the strip as he capped 6/54 to follow up his first innings tally of 6/31.Ojha returned with figures of three for 48 to lend a fine support at the other end as the spin duo shared nine wickets between them exposing the Black Caps' vulnerability to play spin.India had a frustrating first session as the overnight duo of Brendon McCullum (42) and Kane Williamson (52) put up a brave front after resuming at 44 for one, following on in the second innings.But after Umesh Yadav (1/32) broke the 72-run second wicket partnership, New Zealand lost their remaining nine wickets in 34.4 overs with more than a day left for the match.New Zealand were 146 for six at tea but lost the remaining four wickets in 25 minutes after resumption as the spin duo wreaked havoc in the camp.It was also India's first Test win in nine months following a 0-4 spanking in Australia as the batting stalwarts Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman retired in the aftermath of the series.The two teams will now travel to Bangalore for the second Test to begin from August 31.After a frustrating first-half, India got their first breakthrough of the day after lunch when a poor decision by Steve Davis ruled McCullum out.McCullum got an inside edge before the ball hit the pads but umpire Davis ruled the batsman out as the Indian fielders appealed.Predictably, McCullum was angry as he started trudging back towards pavilion nodding his head in disbelief.The absence of DRS certainly hurt the New Zealanders as the partnership between McCullum and Kane Williamson was proving to be a thorn in the flesh of the Indians. They had defied the Indian attack for 30.3 overs.Once the resolute stand was broken, it was a one-way traffic for the Indian spinners who returned to haunt the inexperienced Kiwi line-up.Ross Taylor (7) followed becoming Ashwin's first victim of the second innings when the New Zealand skipper was foxed by the turn to see his stumps tumbling.Flynn and Williamson looked to build on a partnership as the latter, who had scored a century in his debut in Ahmedabad two seasons ago, went on to complete a fine half century.But soon after he too ran out of patience with Ojha adding a second to his tally when the youngster was caught in the slip by Virender Sehwag.Ashwin took two wickets in two overs in the form of Flynn and James Franklin as with spin at both ends, it was just a matter of time for the Indians to take an unassailable 1-0 lead.Sehwag took a diving catch at the first slip to dismiss Franklin off Ashwin's bowling and it enthralled the 20,000-plus Sunday crowd in the 39,000-capacity stadium.Ashwin was simply unplayable as the Indian offspinner took his 10th wicket haul in the match in the form of Van Wyk.Earlier, India straightway began the proceedings with the spin duo of Ojha and Ashwin but there was little assistance in the morning as the Kiwi batsmen played them out sensibly.The duo of McCullum and Williamson played with patience, waiting for the loose deliveries as India struggled to get the first breakthrough of the day.There was a setback for India when centurion Cheteshwar Pujara while fielding at short leg in the 33rd over, was hit near his right knee, around the same place he had a surgery last year in London.Grimacing in pain, Pujara was taken out of the field by the support staff as Ajinkya Rahane came as the replacement.Pujara did not come back but there was an announcement that he was alright and it was just a minor \"bruise\". India brought on the medium-pacers Zaheer and then Yadav at one end hoping for some reverse swing but there was no success with the Kiwi duo keeping their intact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15715096", "title": "Centre of Indian Trade Unions leaders in cop custody over attack on officials", "text": "NASHIK: The general secretary of Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) DL Karad and leader RS Pande, along with six others, were remanded in police custody till Monday in connection with the attack on three officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Limited on Friday. Meanwhile, the health of all the three officials injured was reported to be stable.The other accused, who included , including the general secretary of CITU DL Karad, leader of CITU RS Pande along with Nitin Kale, Deepak Patil, Keshav Matere and others, were arrested late on Friday night. They were presented before the judicial magistrate first class.who remanded them to police custody.According to the complaint lodged by one of the injured officials, PD Deshpande, on Friday, a meeting was scheduled between employees' union and management of Everest Industries at the office of deputy labour commissioner. Both parties left the premises on a positive note to meet on Monday. However, some employees, who were armed with knives, attacked Deshpande, RR Rameshan and DN Tiwari within the premises., said PD Deshpande in the police complaint lodged with Satpur police station.An officer from CITU informed that in 2001, DL Karad along with nine others, had been convicted for the death of a worker of Navbharat Industries in 1997 during a union rivalry clash. The matter is still underway at the HC.Hospital officials said, \"Meanwhile, though the health of Deshpande was better than yesterday, the other two officials underwent surgery for the injuries they have received. \"Though all the three are in the ICU, the condition of Rameshan and Tiwari, who underwent surgery, is stable and monitored round the clock.Industries to meet todayIndustrial associations in Nashik are meeting on Monday to discuss the situation arising out of the violence and the bandh call given by CITU.The call for strike is likely to affect at the most 10 percent of the companies in Satpur and Ambad industries are expected to be completely closed because of the strong foot hold of the employees there and at the same time the others may see part of the employees striking work due to the two-day strike call given by CITU.The industrialists meanwhile have appealed to the employees to maintain peace and law and order situation in order to avoid escalation of the incident. \"We are meeting at Nashik Industries Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) House at 11.30 am on Sunday to discuss the situation,\" immediate past president of NIMA, Dhananjay Bele said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15716113", "title": "Vijai Sardesai flays CM's refusal to approach national green tribunal", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai said that chief minister Manohar Parrikar was committing political suicide by constantly making U-turns and said the latest statement made by Parrikar that there was no need to approach the national green tribunal (NGT) is yet another example of a U-turn.While addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Sardesai condemned the statement of Parrikar and said that the national green tribunal was the only ray of hope for the government to get justice on the Mhadei river issue.Vijay further stated that Parrikar was going soft on the issue considering that the dispute was with the Karnataka government who he pointed out was ruled by the BJP and thus Parrikar's partisan attitude to this issue.While accusing Parrikar of being anti-green for stating that it was not necessary to approach the NGT, the independent MLA questioned why the former minister Nirmala Sawant was silent on the issue now considering she had championed the same cause in the past.Sardesai further slammed the ongoing BJP Salcete membership drive and hit out at BJP general secretary and chairman of the state law commission Narendra Sawaikar who is personally supervising the membership drive.Sardesai said that Sawaikar was so caught up with the membership drive that he showed no interest the workings of the law commission. He said that going by the statements made by Sawaikar at a recent public function in Margao on a bill for burial places, Sardesai pointed out that he had submitted 'The Goa Public Crematoria and Burial Places Bill, 2012' in the assembly but that the same was not placed on the floor of the house.Sardesai alleged that Sawaikar and the BJP government would copy his draft bill and would present the same in the forthcoming assembly sessions by making a few changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15731969", "title": "Infrastructure bill in the offing", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government is contemplating to introduce a single window clearance system for the construction of houses and complexes in the state, taking into consideration the demand raised by the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai). Announcing this at the inauguration of Credai Karnataka Statecon 2012, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said the state government will introduce an Infrastructure Bill that will resolve all the issues related to the construction sector.\"The government will consider the demands of the builders. Processes related to granting various permissions for construction of buildings including registration, stamp duty and other procedures will be simplified. More restrictions will lead to more violation. Hence, will hold a discussion with all stakeholders and find solutions,\" he said.The sessions held as part of the conference laid emphasis on affordable housing to help the government provide housing for poor. Resource person MG Somashekar, managing director, PG Setty Construction Technology, said monolithic construction is a cost-effective formula that will reduce construction cost considerably.\"Government and private developers can provide house to all poor in the state using the monolithic construction method, which is moulding portions of the house monolithically at one time using a particular homogenous construction material. It is similar to industrial production that will not compromise quality. Construction of a house can be completed in four hours after the erection of moulds,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15711893", "title": "First Day, Many Shows", "text": "Bollywood and cricket are two things that Indians swear by. Bollywood has become an intrinsic part of the Indian social fabric, starting and influencing many fads and trends. Salman Khan's latest hit Ek Tha Tiger and its massive first day collection brings into focus one of the most popular and celebrated trends followed by movie buffs, watching the first show of a movie on first day of release. To call 'First Day First Show' a trend would be an understatement. It was a rage, something for which Bollywood fans competed with each other and upped their collars with pride when they could.\"The biggest prize of watching the first day first show was the bragging rights. If we saw it, we would rule the conversation and tell others we have already seen this movie. It used to be a great pleasure,\" said Jyotsna Joshi, president of Mansi Group. For the generation that enjoyed this trend, the procuring of first day first show tickets have now become tales of triumph, laced with bittersweet memories. Cycling many kilometres, standing in long queues under hot sun is not something these film fanatics minded when it came to booking seats.Nothing was too much to get these prize tickets. Jayshree Panchmatiya, a housewife, said, \"Bunking college for watching movies was nothing. We saw the first day first show of Sholay in 1975 buying tickets in black. It was totally worth it! With such a big star cast, it was a must watch first day.\"But with time, this craze, this madness seems to have watered down. Now the queues in front of booking windows are not that long, and the excitement in today's crowd seems to have subdued. According to many the novelty factor is missing from new movie release. \"Due to boom in information technology nothing is secret anymore. The ads and the trailers spill the beans and thus most of the fun is killed,\" said Saket Agasti. Earlier, there was no TV or Internet, so the content used to be a surprise.Sanket Parma, another fan, said multiple print releases and multiplexes have helped curb the trend. According to him, now there were so many seats available. \"With multiplexes, the number of seats and shows have gone up. Anything available in excess is never sought after. Earlier, seats were limited and thus they were in demand, now getting hold of first show tickets is nothing great,\" he said.Another reason is movie reviews being out on the day of release itself. \"Also, sometimes people don't have time on Fridays and prefer to watch movies over the weekend,\" said Digvijay Sonak.There are still some who enjoy the thrill of watching a movie first day first show. They say that the craze for watching this particular show is still there and only the huge availability of seats now hides that fact. \"The trend is still there, no doubt. Just the viewership has been distributed over many theatres that have sprung up all over the city. Big movies and stars still attract a large crowd. Salman Khan's Eid releases are a great crowdpullers for first day first shows,\" said Pramod Kumar Munot, owner of Panchsheel Cinema.In fact, PVR Cinemas launched in Nagpur with Salman's Ek Tha Tiger and ran 15-17 shows on its first day. \"Nearly all the shows, including the first day first ran almost houseful,\" said Nishant Tandon, junior manager, PVR, Nagpur.\"First day first show craze is still prevalent and especially with multiplex tickets becoming available at comparatively cheap prices, the trend is here to stay. As a matter of fact, on the first day itself, Ek Tha Tiger earned a thumping Rs34,36,200 in Nagpur itself,\" said Iqbal Ahmed, local representative of the film distributors.\"Good movies and fans can never be kept apart,\" says city businessman Gaurav Medha, adding, \"it might be a fact that all the movies don't attract many first day first show enthusiasts. That may be because the sheer number of releases now a days. Personally, whenever a movie with good actors and which looks interesting is released I make it a point to watch its first show.\"\"It's basically satisfying your curiosity. The film could be so many things, it's finding out what it exactly is and that is the true joy of watching first day first show,\" said Narayani Ghatwai, a film fanatic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15713160", "title": "Ballarpur Mill to give Rs5000 to every girl born in worker's family", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Ballarpur Paper Mill, one of the largest paper mills in the country, has taken a positive step towards protection of girl child by declaring incentive of Rs5,000 to every girl child born to its worker's family. The company has launched a scheme for thwart female foeticide and has decided to take more steps towards securing the future of girl child.Company has declared the scheme through tri-annual salary increment agreement with its union Ballarpur Paper Mill Majdoor Sabha. President of the union and ex-MP Naresh Puglia signed the agreement with company officials, under which various perks for its workers and staffers were announced. Every worker in the company has been given average rise of Rs2,572 in their monthly salary, which will be effective from July 2011. Depending upon the post, workers have received maximum hike of Rs3,895.47 and minimum hike of Rs2,458 per month.Union's secretary Vasant Mandhre claimed that company has assured various perks to the workers under the agreement. \"As a step towards prevention of female foeticide, company has declared Rs5000 incentive for every girl child born to a worker's family. Company has also more positive steps towards protection of girl child under the scheme,\" he said.As per agreement, in case of death of contract labourer or daily wage worker, union will collect Rs23 each from all contract and daily wage workers and company will contribute equal amount collected from them, and entire amount will be given to family of the deceased worker.In case of death of permanent worker or administrative officer, union will collect Rs75 from all permanent workers and Rs100 from officer and company will add the sum equal to the amount collected from all, and it will be given as aid to the deceased worker or officer's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "15728072", "title": "Boy beaten up for spreading rumours", "text": "THENI: A class 10 boy was allegedly beaten up by his school teachers and was admitted to the hospital in Theni on Friday.The chief educational officer has conducted a probe and has sent a report to the district collector. Police said that the boy, son of one Velmuurgan, was studying 10th standard at a private school in N R T Nagar in Theni. Few days back, Velmurugan had visited the school and complained to the teachers that his son's classmates were teasing him. He also picked up a quarrel with the teachers after they allegedly refused to take action against those students.In this backdrop, rumour spread in the school that the monthly exams were being cancelled. An inquiry by the teachers allegedly revealed that it was the boy, who had spread the rumours. The teachers summoned him to the principal's room where they beat him up. One of the teachers had also kicked him after the boy fell down unable to bear the beatings. The boy, who returned home, informed about the incident to his parents and said that he was suffering from acute pain due to the beatings. He was admitted in the government medical college hospital and treated.Velmurugan subsequently lodged a complaint with the district education officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15727415", "title": "Actor Thilakan continues to be critical", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Actor Thilakan continues to be in a critical state. The 76-year-old thespian, who suffered a cardiac arrest on August 22, is unconscious and not responding to medicines.\"He is being attended to by a team of doctors comprising a neurologist, a cardiologist and an intensivist'', a medical bulletin on the actor's condition said on Saturday. Sources said the actor suffered severe brain damage and was taken to the present hospital on ventilator.Meanwhile, Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, who visited the actor at the hospital, said the state government should bear the medical expenses of the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15719632", "title": "It is critical to take cognizance of each baby death to shake up state machinery", "text": "Hospital administrations maintain that these baby deaths are routine and not alarming. But there is no denying that state-run facilities sorely lack even basic equipment and infrastructure. It is thus critical to take cognizance of each death to shake up the state machinery into prioritising its healthcare expenditure, which seems to be focused on a cash-rich welfare schemeRelated story:  Six more babies die at MGM hospital", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15721056", "title": "Coalgate: BJP slams PC\u2019s 'no-loss' theory", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Saturday hit back with ferocity at finance minister P Chidambaram's contention that no coal mining meant no loss to exchequer with senior party leader Arun Jaitley saying that propaganda cannot be an alternative to truth. Drawing a parallel with the \"zero loss\" theory that telecom minister Kapil Sibal purportedly propounded to defend UPA in the 2G scam and that was roundly mocked, Jaitley described Chidambaram's assertion as preposterous, suggesting that there is going to be no let up in BJP's demand for PM Manmohan Singh's resignation, which has led to blocking of Parliament, in the face of ``monumental corruption''.\"Despite no mining having taken place, the fact is that the government lost these mines at throwaway prices leading to a huge opportunity cost for the nation,\" said Jaitley.\"The coal which, to use Chidambaram's expression, is a mineral in mother earth now doesn't belong to the government but to private companies. If this is how he thinks, I regret to say that Chidambaram is not the best custodian of public exchequer,\" he added. He accused the government of inventing a \"fragile logic\" to mislead the country.He said that anyone who illegally transfers money from finance minister's account to his own will be committing a crime, irrespective of when or whether he uses illicitly obtained money.Jaitley dismissed the talk about its own chief ministers writing to the PM against auction of coal blocks saying that all CMs write in favour of expediting power projects in their states. He said that while the CMs \u2014 also belonging to BJD and CPM \u2014 had opposed auctions in 2005, the Centre rejected their stand when it formulated in 2006 the policy prescribing auction as the mode for the allocation of coal reserves. He explained that coal being a major mineral and, therefore, falling within the domain of the Centre, states could have played no role in framing policies on how it should be allocated.The Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha recalled that the government had justified the allocation of coal mines by citing the need to step up power generation.He said that the BJP will continue to block the functioning of Parliament as Congress's plan was to, like in case of the 2G scam, paralyze the PAC when CAG reports reaches there and ensure that the truth never comes out.\"Our strategy does not permit that we allow the government to use Parliament to end this debate without any accountability. We want the debate to go on further,\" he said. \"There are occasions when obstruction in Parliament brings greater benefit to the country,\" he added.Jaitley recalled how the government had scoffed at CAG's Rs 1.76 lakh crore loss theory in the 2G scam even though the fresh spectrum allocation base price of Rs 14,000 crore established later that what the CAG had mentioned in its report was not a presumptive loss but in keeping with market realities.He said that the government suffered a loss the moment it lost control of the mines. ``Going by Chidambaram's logic, if someone were to embezzle money from Chidambaram's account and transfer it to his own account, Chidambaram would suffer a loss not when the money is transferred but only when that man withdraws that money from his account. The fact is that the government has lost control of these mines and the valuation of the 142 people who got these has skyrocketed,'' he said, adding that UPA was losing the confidence of people and in propounding the zero loss theory its policies were proving to be a zero-sum game for UPA itself.Jaitley joins issue with ShourieWhile addressing reporters, BJP leader Arun Jaitley also brushed aside his colleague Arun Shourie's contention that he was not impressed with BJP's decision to not let Parliament function. ``Anybody is free to express his or her opinion,'' said Jaitley when asked about Shourie's remarks.Shourie said that PM should be allowed to make a statement in Parliament on the coal block allocation controversy. \"PM was the minister-in- charge (coal ministry). He must be the given the opportunity to explain the facts as he sees them,\" Shourie, who was a minister in the AB Vajpayee government, told reporters in Chennai.\"As I understand it, the grievance of the Opposition is not the debate but nothing happens after the debate,\" Shourie said.\"Therefore some politicians are let-off and that is their grievance. But once government demonstrates action that will follow then there will be no problem. In the end opposition does not gain much by disrupting Parliament,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710389", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike chief orders a quick clean-up", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the governor himself volunteered to clean the city and criticized administrators for their failure to tackle the city's garbage piles, BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda got into the act. In a whirlwind tour of the city which lasted one hour and 40 minutes, the commissioner ensured that garbage clearance had commenced.The inspection, that started with KR Market, covered south, west and east parts of city. From 3.15pm to 5pm, the commissioner was on the streets, inspecting the garbage accumulated over five days, and cracking down on his engineers.On MN Krishna Rao Road, seeing garbage piled up on the footpath, the commissioner rang up the area engineer and said: \"Just lift it. Come and see and lift it. Do not talk about jurisdiction. You are not even here, how do you know whether it's in your jurisdiction or not?\" he asked.Most of the lanes in south, east and west Bangalore were cleared, and there were few garbage heaps on the roadside on Saturday.Looking at tree branches lying uncleared on the road, the commissioner said Bescom had been asked to clear the branches they had cut. \"Bescom must clear the mess themselves. I have spoken to MD P Manivannan,\" he said.The garbage heap on SP Road made the commissioner step down from the inspection vehicle and have a good look at it. Once again, he dialled the jurisdiction-in-charge and sought to know why heaps of trash and muck were not cleared from the middle of the road. When his inspection created a traffic mess in the narrow streets, he turned traffic cop and directed passage of vehicles.Surprise at ShivajinagarIn Shivajinagar, the commissioner saw the garbage dump completely empty - it had been hurriedly lifted as news had got round that he was doing the rounds. But the stench at the spot left him shocked and breathless.During the inspection, the public was surprised to see the BBMP chief in front of their houses, and briefed him about other civic complaints too. Susheela Jain, a homemaker, rushed towards Gowda and reported the problem of a manhole overflowing and the sewage entering her open well.Realizing that segregation at source is the easiest solution, 35 of 198 corporators have come forward with dry waste segregation units on government land in their wards.\"The issue of Mavallipura landfill must be handled methodically. The villagers have raised their concerns. We will not send garbage to Mavallipura until the issues are resolved. Terra Firma and Mandur will be used as landfills. Also, some quarry fields which were our dumping yards earlier will be used now. It's not illegal dumping,\" Gowda said.Responding to questions on opposition by corporators to double the garbage cess, the commissioner said he would cut down expenditure on ward works to compensate the increasing expenses of solid waste management.Chief's solutions* BBMP has floated tenders to set up 16 biomethanization units in KR Market, Russell Market and other places which generate huge quantity of wet waste, and generate biogas. This waste processed at source will avoid leachate production in landfills and thus, the burden on landfills comes down.* BBMP will make use of 12-16 wheeled two huge trucks to carry garbage from Bangalore to the landfills. The capacity of each truck is 100 tonnes and thus, usage of 100 smaller trucks can be minimized.* The Palike had identified 80 acres of land near Chintamani, Kolar, where 1,000 tonne of waste will be converted to biogas to begin with, and later to electricity. Near Jigani, close to Anekal, BBMP has identified 20 acres to be used as a landfill.* State government to give soft loan of Rs 20 crore to Srinivas Gayathri Resource recovery at Mandur, where 700 tonne of garbage will be converted into electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15712446", "title": "Pandemonium in zilla parishad general body meet", "text": "AKOLA: Pandemonium prevailed in the general body meeting of zilla parishad held on Friday over the issue of the report of last meeting and subjects to be discussed at the eleventh hour with the permission of the chair.Leader of the opposition Sevakram Tathod took an aggressive stand at the start of the meeting, saying it was illegal as some subjects were not on the agenda. However, he and some others were pacified by the deputy chief executive officer and intervention of ZP president Pushpa Ingle. Later, a resolution was passed to declare all the seven talukas in Akola district as drought-prone.Gopal Kolhe, chairman of Telhara Panchayat Samiti raised the issue of non-availability of teachers in zilla parishad school at village Adgaon Budruk. The parents submitted a memorandum and urged the district authority to allow students to copy in the examination if teachers are not available, he said. The ZP house was stunned when Kolhe too sought such permission.Vilasrao's ashes to be immersed in PurnaThe pot containing the ashes of the late Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh will arrive here on August 29.The ashes will be kept at Swarojiya Bhavan, the district Congress committee headquarters. The ashes will be immersed in river Purna at village Gandhigram, 15km from here. Congress leaders Babarao Vikhe and Madan Bhargad have appealed to the party workers to be present at the immersion programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15719319", "title": "Petitioner fined for suppressing fact in HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has rapped a litigant and imposed an exemplary cost of 50,000 on him for filing a PIL in the HC and obtaining a stay order, suppressing the fact that an identical suit filed by him was still pending in a lower court.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissed the petition filed by C Mohamed Zubair Saheb, who had filed the PIL against the Vaniyambadi Muslim Educational Society, and directed him pay the cost to the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority within two weeks. To prevent filing of this sort of frivolous petitions in the name of PIL, we impose cost of 50,000 to the petitioner, the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15723428", "title": "India building bridges with ex-Maldives president", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former president and Maldives' dictator of 30 years Maumoon Abdul Gayoom has sought an audience with Indian leaders, including PM Manmohan Singh, amid the growing anxiety in both Male and New Delhi over the Commission of National Inquiry (CNI) report likely to be tabled in next week. CNI was set up to probe the events leading to the alleged coup that overthrew Mohamed Nasheed's government in February.Government sources here said that Gayoom sought to discuss the development in the Indian Ocean archipelago with Singh. \"The former president had himself taken the initiative for a visit to India and talks are on to facilitate it,'' said an official. He added that though no dates have been finalized for his India visit.While Indian officials speak favourably about Nasheed, Maldives' first democratically elected president, New Delhi has also been building bridges with Nasheed's rivals and the decision to host Gayoom is a part of that exercise. Thasmeen Ali, the leader of Dhivehi Rayyithunge Party (DRP) - the main rival of ousted Maldivian Democratic Party \u2014 met Singh earlier this month to discuss the situation in Maldives.Former president Nasheed and his successor Mohamed Waheed have visited India after the February 7 'coup'. Gayoom is still a formidable figure in Maldives, looked upon by many as trying desperately to make a comeback riding piggyback on Waheed. In fact, the president himself was seen by many as Gayoom's lackey after he accommodated many of the former dictator's loyalists, including his daughter, in the Cabinet. Gayoom himself returned to Male barely a month after Waheed took over.Government sources said that under these circumstances it is impossible to ignore Gayoom, who appeared before the CNI recently but went on to say that he will not accept the panel's report if it concluded that Nasheed indeed was illegally deposed. In his interaction with Indian leaders, Nasheed has consistently maintained that Gayoom was the brain behind the plot to unseat him and that eventually he would get rid of Waheed when his purpose is served.Nasheed led a MDP delegation to India earlier, and the party made it clear that it will settle for nothing less than reinstatement of the ousted president if CNI confirms coup.While Indian officials speak favourably about Nasheed, Maldives' first democratically elected president, New Delhi has also been building bridges with Nasheed's rivals and the decision to host Gayoom is a part of that exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "15712358", "title": "Woman sells baby boy for Rs 1,000", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Unable to feed her newborn baby boy, a 28-year-old woman sold the infant to another woman for Rs 1,000. This incident took place at Gutpa village in Makloor mandal on Saturday.A rag-picker Posani gave birth to the baby boy 15 days ago. Since she did not have any money to take care of the boy, Posani had decided to sell the infant. Sayamma, a native of Kalleda village, approached Posani through another woman Rajavva, who acted as a mediator.Posani handed over the baby to Sayamma who gave her Rs 1,000. However, Kalleda villagers brought the matter to the ICDS officials who rushed to the village and recovered the baby.Posani is staying with her aged parents after her husband deserted her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15725731", "title": "Chief Justice inaugurates Golf Academy", "text": "PATNA: Golf Academy, a centre for learning and teaching golf, an initiative of the Patna Golf Club, was inaugurated by the Chief Justice, Patna high court, Rekha M Doshit, on Saturday to promote the game as well as search for young talents.The chief justice appreciated the effort to promote the game in the state. Justice Aftab Alam and Justice Chandramauli Kumar Prasad, both judges of Supreme Court, were also present on the occasion.Manik Vedsen, secretary, Patna Golf Club, said, \"The Academy is an organized training centre for young talents of the state. Our state lacks such centres which can hone young talents for higher levels.\" He added, \"It is also for those people who are not a member of the Golf Club but want to play the game while the regulars can always improve their skills.\"Vedsen said, \"As many as 70 students have enrolled for the first session. Each session will be of three months. The fee for the course is Rs 20,000 but children and members of the Club will be given 50% discount. Interested students who do not have the means to pursue the course will be trained for free.\"Speaking about achievement of the Club, he said, \" Aman Raj, who practised at the Club, recently took part in the World Junior Championship and is currently ranked fourth in the world. He was the best in the Indian delegation that participated in the championship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15723606", "title": "Re-introduction of quota in promotion would need many amendments, attorney general says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Saturday appeared wary of handling the all-party approved sensitive decision for re-introduction of quota for promotion in government jobs as the attorney general opined that it would require a series of amendments in the Constitution to implement it given the Supreme Court's detailed judgment quashing it.Attorney GE Vahanvati in his opinion to the law ministry referred to the SC's 2006 judgment in M Nagaraj case and said the apex court had couched its reasoning for quashing quota in promotion in the basic structure doctrine as well as on fundamentals of equality \u2014 both difficult aspects to overcome through legislation.So, he suggested a comprehensive constitutional amendment of Articles 16(4), 16(4A) both relating to special provisions for backward classes, Article 335 (administrative efficiency to be maintained while taking into account the claims of SC and ST employees), Article 341 and 342 dealing with preparation of list of SCs and STs to overcome the hurdles in the shape of SC judgment in the way of quota in promotion.Law ministry sources said Vahanvati has concluded that \"given the socially sensitive and important aspect of these issues, comprehensive amendments on the lines which I have indicated above may be made\". The AG has also said that if the proposed constitutional amendment was challenged in the Supreme Court, it would be difficult to predict the outcome.The apex court had in Nagaraj judgment said, \"If the appropriate government enacts a law providing for reservation without keeping in mind the parameters of Article 16(4) and Article 335, then this court will certainly set aside and strike down such legislation.\"It had held administrative efficiency to be an important factor of governance and said, \"Efficiency in administration is held to be a constitutional limitation on the discretion vested in the state to provide for reservation in public employment\".It clarified that if the state had to provide quota in promotion, it has to prove that it was done to address the problem of: backwardness and \"inadequacy of representation\". It added, \"If the state concerned fails to identify and measure backwardness, inadequacy and overall administrative efficiency, then in that event the provisions for reservation would be invalid\".The AG has opined that given the nature of amendments needed to be carried out to overcome Nagaraj judgment ratio to provide for quota in promotions in government employment, there was every chance of such legislative action being challenged in the Supreme Court.dhananjay.mahapatra@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15715149", "title": "Orchid Petals residents protest steep hike in maintenance fee", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Orchid Petals, one of the biggest condominiums in Gurgaon located in Sector 49, are up in arms against the builder for hiking the maintenance charge considerably.The charge has gone up from Rs 1.74 to Rs 2.10 per square feet, which comes up to around Rs 4,500 per month approximately for most residents.The RWA and hundreds residents carried out a peaceful protest at the premises on Saturday morning. There are 1,383 flats in the 25 towers within the township. The RWA has also prepared an audio video presentation where flat owners talk of the problems they are facing, and has uploaded it on the Youtube .RWA president Vinay Mitra said, \"Our protest is aimed at seeking accountability from the builder. The steep hike in maintenance charge is unjustified.\" The residents also involved RWAs of other townships which are fighting against the builders lobby in the city.The flat owners got a letter from the developer regarding the increase in maintenance charges, stamped and signed by a CA firm. \"There is no transparency in the manner in which the money is collected and spent. There are so many shortcomings in the maintenance services provided in the township,\" said Mitra.When TOI spoke to an executive of the developer about the hike in maintenance charges, he said, \"I am not aware of the issue and cannot comment on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "dudhsagar, colem", "code": "15716588", "title": "When Dudhsagar turned deadly: 9 visitors have met watery grave since 2008", "text": "DUDHSAGAR, COLEM: During the last three years and eight months, around nine persons have lost their lives at the Dudhsagar waterfall.Security aspects need to be tightened up at the site, villagers said. \"Visitors arrive from the Karnataka side of the border for picnics. A few have paid for their casual approach dearly,\" says Colem deputy sarpanch Ramesh Khandeparker.Two youth from Karnataka have lost their lives this year, after they slipped and fell into the gushing water near the railway track. A few have drowned in the pool at the foot of the hill. Locals have saved tourists quite often.\"A lifeguard is needed at the waterfall,\" said Tukaram Parwar, a local guide. Villagers say restrictions like erection of fences is also necessary to cut off access to dangerous points. \"Some tourists take liquor to the site and start misbehaving. They should not be allowed at the site after 5pm,\" Khandeparker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15730182", "title": "This bombshell gives you an eargasm", "text": "It wasn't Tom Cruise . Even from atop the foot overbridge in Prabhadevi where he had been waiting since one am, Rushikesh Mhatre could tell. The man in the crisp white shirt and dapper blazer was just a fair body double. However, unlike the other ten people around him who had also sneakily trained their cameras on the Mission Impossible 4 crew that April night last year, Mhatre did not feel shortchanged. After all, the only elusive foreign superstar he was there for\u2014the BMW Vision Efficient Dynamics , which was part of the scene being shot\u2014had materialised in all her original glory. \"There's only one car of this model in the world,\" says 17-year-old Mhatre, who had immediately uploaded the rare pictures on the page where he knew he could attract real-time , collective envy\u2014Supercars and Exotics in Mumbai (SEM).It is an online network of excitable boys who like to address rare and expensive cars variously as 'bomb' , 'babe' , 'bitch' , 'animal' or 'sex' . Their Facebook page consists of more than 13,000-odd fans for whom Ferrari, Lamborghini, Bentley and Bugatti are names of unattainable , fast women that when spotted \"in the flesh\" must be urgently immortalised on camera. Then, they must be worshipped online for features such as scissor doors, silky engine sounds and gear shifts. Besides, members also conduct professional photo shoots for car showrooms and cover the annual supercar rally on the SEM page.Zohaib Yunus, who was delighted to meet Lamborghini's Chief Test driver Valentino Balboni at one such supercar rally, launched SEM in January last year when he saw the supercar culture grow. \"As the millionaire club in Mumbai is growing and manufacturers such as Ferrari, Maserati , Porsche and Aston Martin are setting up shop in India, there has been a tremendous interest in spotting these cars,\" says Yunus, whose vast knowledge in the automotive field not only helps him win auto quizzes but also drives this male community of car paparazzi.He has even laid down a strict set of rules for members . Number plates of cars are either blanked out or avoided in the interest of the owner's privacy. Also, they are not allowed to take pictures of cars parked in private property without the owner's permission.Broadly, this adolescent, chiefly male group\u2014which frequently witnesses jestful Lamborghini versus Ferrari \"fanboy clashes\" \u2014considers any car that costs more than a crore and has a horse power of at least 450 a supercar . By that definition, Mumbai has over 150 supercars that manifest on its highways and expressways during weekends. So, deliberately scheduling their weekends near the Worli Sea Link or Marine Drive is common practice for members. That is how Gagan Barmecha spotted two supercars\u2014the Ferrari F430 and the world's fastest and most expensive Bugatti Veyron\u2014on the same day and how Arun Nadar got a glimpse of Aamir Khan's Bentley in Girgaum Chowpatty last year. \"I realized it was Aamir's only later when my friends pointed to the moustachioed actor sitting inside ,\" recalls Nadar.On numerous occasions, passersby have made these fans laugh by assuming a Red Coupe to be a Ferrari. It is difficult for supercars to escape the gaze of these buffs who are also privy to terms such as spy shots\u2014pictures of upcoming models taken while companies test their cars on public roads by camouflaging them with dust or other means.\"We have even spotted cars in unlikely places such as an Aventador in Virar and an Audi R8 in Vashi,\" says Nadar.\"We hear the car before we see it,\" says Arun Shenoy, one of the moderators of the page, who calls the effect of the sound produced by the engines of certain supercars , especially Italian cars, an \"eargasm\" . Often, the Ferrari engine sound has been compared to the ripping of raw silk.In fact, Deepankar Sadekar , another page moderator, who often records engine sounds and listens to them while working to feel \"at peace\" , says there is no music better than the engine note of a Ferrari V8. While others have to request owners to rev up the engine, Sadekar , who even runs an auto review blog, gets to test-drive the swankiest of cars.\"Gear shifts in Ferrari are smooth while the Lamborghini gives you a rude jolt on your vertebra which is also nice,\" he says.The best way to annoy SEM fans is to say things like \"What's a car worth one crore that can't seat more than two people?\" Sadekar \u2014who will tell you that the high-octane petrol required for these supercars costs around Rs 90 per litre cringes when he hears people say, \"If I had Rs 4 crore, I would put it in the bank and earn interest.\"It pains them to see supercars grappling with exclusively Indian symptoms\u2014a Rolls Royce with a bunch of lemon and chillies hanging from the front, another one standing next to a BEST bus full of people who seem unaffected by the presence of Rs 4 crore in the vicinity and a Rolls Royce Ghost buried under a bouquet of wedding flowers.Sadekar is accustomed to being followed by girls in unremarkable cars whenever he is test-driving a car, and at the annual supercar rally held in the city fans have routinely noticed a lot of women taking interest in cars. Strangely, this hasn't translated on the SEM page. The only babes visible here have wheels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "15712726", "title": "Six more babies die at MGM hospital", "text": "WARANGAL: The dance of baby deaths continues at state-run hospitals. As many as six children have been reported dead at the MGM hospital in Warangal since Friday night, all of them newborns. A 10-year-old suffering from dengue too died at the hospital on Saturday. Parents alleged that all the six babies, aged between two and four days died due to infection and viral fever even as hospital authorities maintained that while four of the six babies were born premature, the two other babies died due to multi-organ failure and pulmonary hypertension.The spate of deaths at state-run hospitals allegedly because of poor health facilities started with Ruia hospital in Tirupati reporting as many as 20 baby deaths between August 18 and 24. The MGM hospital too reported three baby deaths last week. Niloufer hospital in Hyderabad had also reported a high death rate last week.An inconsolable Swapna and Satish from Padipally village of Kotapally mandal at Adilabad district said their baby girl died on Saturday afternoon with breathing trouble. Another couple, Madhavi and Anil from Warangal town said they had admitted their baby girl three days ago and she died due to pulmonary hypertension on Saturday evening. The four premature baby boys who died at the hospital were from different mandals of Warangal district and one from Chelpur village in Karimnagar district. The 10-year-old who lost her battle to dengue was Devara Mounika from Manchirayala of Adilabad district. She was admitted to MGM hospital three days ago with viral fever.\"Mounika was examined and given treatment for dengue. Our medical experts did their job. She was also given two units of blood but all in vain,\" said ANR Lakshmi, superintendent, MGM hospital.As news of the deaths broke out, protests were staged outside the hospital by social activists and women's associations.Gandhian and freedom fighter Bhupathi Krishna Murthy, AIDWA secretary N Ratnamala, MGM protection youth committee members staged a dharna in front of MGM hospital to protest against the deaths and sought an immediate response from BC welfare minister Baswaraju Saraiah.They also demanded better paramedical staff and equipment and better budget allocation for MGM hospital.Times ViewHospital administrations maintain that these baby deaths are routine and not alarming. But there is no denying that state-run facilities sorely lack even basic equipment and infrastructure. It is thus critical to take cognizance of each death to shake up the state machinery into prioritising its healthcare expenditure, which seems to be focused on a cash-rich welfare scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15719281", "title": "Judge pays surprise visit to Puzhal prison", "text": "CHENNAI: Tiruvallur district principal sessions' judge P J Kalaiarasan on Saturday paid a surprise visit to the Puzhal prison. During his visit, the judge also monitored a campus interview for prisoners, which was going on at the prison. A private manpower company has been organising interviews for prisoners, convicted and imprisoned for crimes that were not premeditated. \"We have selected 30 prisoners for various posts \u2014 driver, security guard and tailor. The appointment letters were handed over to the prison superintendent, who will give it when the prisoners get bail,\" said a company official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15727830", "title": "Students showcase their creative best at science expo", "text": "TRICHY: The one-day Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research (INSPIRE) Award science exhibition turned out to be a platform for students from many schools in Trichy district to prove their science-oriented skills. There was a huge of number of spectators who were inspired by innovations of the students here on Saturday.As many as 286 students from elementary and higher secondary schools in Trichy district had an excellent opportunity to participate in the exhibition organized by the Tamil Nadu Science and Technical Centre and the district education department in Trichy. Many of their innovations focussed on electricity-related issues prevailing in the state at present.Unlike previous years, students from government schools came out with a lot of innovations compared to private and aided schools.K Sinehidhi and her friend Kuzhumani from a government higher secondary school put up a prototype of her project that explained how to efficiently save electricity in streetlights. She installed switches under a platform and they were connected to the streetlights. The lights will glow as soon as a pedestrian treads and it will automatically turn off once he crosses the area. By adopting the method, unnecessary power consumption by streetlights can be avoided.The duo displayed another innovative project called 'Solar Power Tracking System'. Their teacher V Balasaravanan who guided them said, \"In India, solar panels in solar power generation systems are installed facing the southern side only to receive maximum sunlight between 10 am and 3 pm. So, it will not receive sunlight from other directions during the rest of the time. With their innovation, the panel will automatically turn to any direction from which the sunlight falls and capture it for power generation. Hence, it would help generate more power.\"An 11{+t}{+h} standard student, K Preethi, from Holy Cross Higher Secondary School, Teppakulam, Trichy, invented 'Automatic Temperature Control System'. According to her, the device would be useful for small industries like lathes to ensure safety, increase in production and profit. Though big industries are using the system, it is not simplified for small industries. Moreover, the cost was also very high. So, the new device that can be made for a maximum of Rs 6,000 would be useful for small industries.A 'Human Detection Live Body Sensor' also attracted many visitors. The device was made by two students from the Panchayat Union Middle School in Inam Thiruppathur, Mannachanallur block. It would be very useful in times of emergency to detect a human stuck under debris. An LED display in the device indicates if anyone is alive under the wreckage.Tarak Biswas from St Antony's Matriculation School from Thuvarankurichi made 'Lemon Battery' that produces electricity from lemon juice and spent batteries.Finally, as many as 35 students have been selected for their innovations by a 21-member team. All of them will take part in INSPIRE award state-level exhibition in Coimbatore on September 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15727565", "title": "This Onam, relish delicacies right from God's Own Country", "text": "INDORE: With the festival of Onam round the corner, food joints and shops in the city have come up with mouth-watering traditional delicacies right from the god's own country.From Kerala-special vegetables and lip-smacking pickles to tempting payasam (rice pudding) and unrivalled rasam, the shops and eateries are offering it all this year. With the local people willing to shell out the bucks and the items flying off the shelves, the shop-owners too are all smiles adding to the festive fervor.A Kerala specialty shop, Mona Stores has made available a whole range of vegetables, sweets, pickles and bananas from Kerala. \"We have Kerala-special vegetables including Tapioca, small onions and drumsticks, as well as Nendraka (bananas from Kerala) to ensure that the Malayali people do not feel away from home in the city. Then there are specialties like halwa, ada pradaman (rice pudding) and a range of pickles that are being ordered in bulk for Onam this year,\" says owner of the shop, Joseph T V who has been running the shop for the past 15 years.Restaurants and eateries too have all geared up for the festival. Those already serving popular South Indian delicacies like dosas and idlis, have added new dishes on their menu cards. \"We are planning for a Onam-special Thali that will be soon added to our menu. It will have semiya paysam, puttu kadala, tomato rasam, papadam and much more,\" said Mahesh Singh, store in charge of Ginger Ganesha situated in old Palasia.Indian Coffee House is planning to offer a authentic Keralite feel to its customers. \"We will be offering the Malayali main course of 'Onam Sadhya' (feast on plantain leaf) that will be a part of our Onam special menu. It will include various items like upperi (chips), payasam (kheers), three types of pickle and around 10-12 curries. All the dishes will be cooked in coconut oil and will be served on fresh banana leaves in the true traditional style. That's not all. We will be offering special discounts on the special menu for Onam,\" said Sajan D Siddarth, who owns Indian Coffee House in BCM heights.Kerala sarees, mundu in vogueWith just few days to go for the festival of Onam, markets are flooded with traditional dress from Kerala. Kerala sarees or 'set sarees' with appealing golden borders on graceful plain white are much in demand. Then there is range of mundu or the traditional dhoti worn by men around the waist, which are in vogue.A large number of stores have the garments on display exclusively for the festival. \"We are showcasing sarees and mundus brought from Kerala for the festival,\" said Joseph T V of Mona Stores. People can be already seen wearing the traditional attires ahead of the festival.The other day, teachers and staff of Keraleeya Samajam public school were seen in the South Indian attires heralding the arrival of the festival. They had organized the event to celebrate the festival. The students made an attractive pookalam (decoration with flowers) to add to the festive fervor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15755402", "title": "Police top brass assures to expedite compensation to victims of SC/ST atrocities act", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore police has taken note of threatening calls made by an accused to woman employee of private institution in Moodbidri. The employee Kavitha (name changed) had approached Moodbidri police with a complaint about receiving phone calls threatening her on July 25. The police despite summoning the accused to police station for inquiry after informing the complainant did not registered any case against him.Lingappa Nanthoor, dalit leader who raised the issue at monthly SC/ST grievances redressal meeting convened by Mangalore police here on Sunday said neglect of such instances have often led to more serious crimes being committed against women in general and women from dalit communities in particular. \"The police after calling the accused for questioning strangely was not able to find him when the complainant came there,\" he said.Kavitha told M Muthuraya, deputy commissioner of police (Law and order) that she visited Moodbidri police station on more than one occasion, taking time off from her work after being asked to come there in connection with her complaint. \"However, the accused was not there each time I landed at the station,\" she said. Muthuraya directed M Puttamadaiah, ACP, Mangalore North sub-division to produce the accused before him at the earliest.Reacting to query by SP Anand, dalit leader about delay that victims of SC/ST Prevention of Atrocities Act face in getting compensation on account of technicalities raised by department of social welfare, Muthuraya said he would take up the issue with the city police chief. Anand said the department is insisting they get a report from city police commissioner about the incident and hitherto practice of doling out compensation on ACPs report will not do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15736176", "title": "AK Hangal passes away in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran actor Avtar Kishan Hangal aka AK Hangal passed away in Mumbai on Sunday morning.Hangal was admitted to the Asha Parekh Hospital in Santacruz on August 16, after he slipped and fell in his bathroom on August 14, fracturing his right femur (thigh) bone.Initially, he was examined at home and put on medicines.However, later, he was shifted to the hospital's ICU and put on ventilator support as his condition deteriorated.Hangal, who had been in and out of hospital with a history of pulmonary tuberculosis, chronic kidney disease and hypertension, needed to be operated however the doctors felt he was unfit to go under the knife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15732497", "title": "Centre deliberately ignoring Karnataka: Sriramulu", "text": "HUBLI: BSR Congress party president Sriramulu on Saturday criticized the central government for its \"step motherly attitude\" towards Karnataka, at a time when the state is reeling under severe drought. Speaking to reporters, the MLA alleged that while other states ruled by Congress and other UPA allies were given good package of grants, the Centre has deliberately ignored Karnataka. He also criticized the state government for making delay in issuing government order (GO) regarding Rs 25,000 loan waiver for farmers. Sriramulu is in Belgaum district for eight days as part of his 'Swabhimani Sankalp Yatra', which he began from Nandagad on Thursday.Sriramulu is in Belgaum district for eight days as part of his 'Swabhimani Sankalp Yatra', which he began from Nandagad on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15757710", "title": "Proposal for developing vegetable market in Kasarwadi", "text": "PUNE: A proposal for developing a vegetable market near the railway crossing in Kasarwadi will come up for approval at the meeting of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC)'s general body(GB) on September 1.The proposal states that the civic body had constructed a building on the plot reserved for a vegetable market in Kasarwadi. But a civic dispensary, property tax collection office, research library operate from this building. The civic body had started the dispensary as there was no response from vegetable vendors for taking on rent spaces in the vegetable market.The proposal further states that the vegetable vendors sell their vegetables on the open plot near the railway crossing which is reserved for parking. If the civic body develops a vegetable market here it will earn some revenue. So the purpose of reservation of this plot needs to be changed from parking lot to vegetable market using the provisions of section 37 of Maharashtra Regional Town Planning(MRTP) Act 1966.The city improvement committee of PCMC had approved a resolution on June 19, 2012 for permitting the civic body to initiate the process to change the purpose of reservation of the parking lot in Kasarwadi to vegetable market and has sent it for further approval to the GB. This resolution was tabled by members Seema Savale and Yamuna Pawar.Local Shiv Sena corporator Asha Shendge said, \"\"The first and the oldest vegetable market in Kasarwadi was built near the municipal school. But the civic body developed a vegetable market in the municipal building which is off the Pune-Mumbai highway''.She added, \"The vegetable vendors sell vegetables on the road going from the railway crossing towards the highway. So I have proposed to the civic body to construct a vegetable market on the open plot near the railway crossing which is reserved for parking. The proposal was to come up for approval before the GB on July 20 but the meeting was postponed twice and now will come up for approval on September 1.\"A civic official in the engineering department said, \"The town planning department will have to start the process of changing reservation of the Kasarwadi plot after the GB approval. The state government has to approve the change in reservation after which the civic administration will take a decision to construct a vegetable market on this plot.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15757435", "title": "MBA students induction programme held at the D Y Patil Institute of management studies", "text": "PUNE: The Padmashree Dr. D.Y. Patil institute of management studies, (DYPIMS) in Akurdi, organised a formal induction ceremony of the 2012-14 MBA batch. A parents meet was also held at the campus.B. K Sethi, senior vice president, (exports) Finolex Cables Ltd. Pune, who was the guest of honour, advised the students to aim big in their lives and work in a systematic manner to fulfil their dreams. He also touched upon the general economic scenario and talked about multiple opportunities being available to the students.Executive director of the institute, Wg.Cdr( Retd) PVC Patil, asked the parents, the faculty and students to work jointly towards personality transformation of the students to achieve highest possible milestones in future.Director of the institute, Col (Dr.) Kailash Chand, spoke about various methodologies to be adopted by the students to attain top class academic excellence. He also motivated the students to adopt multiple measures which have been initiated in the institute to enhance their employability. He also explained the students and the parents about the placement efforts being made to ensure 100% placement of students.There was lot of response from the parents about the shaping of the future of their children. A separate formal as well informal interaction between the parents and the faculty was also organised.Lt. Gen. D.B.Shekatkar spoke to the junior batch of the students about personality development, grooming up, and the kind of opportunities available in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "15727561", "title": "Silver bayonet presented to Olympic medallist Vijay Kumar", "text": "MHOW: In a grand felicitation programme held at the historic Som Hall of the Infantry School in Mhow, a silver bayonet (dagger fitted on the rifle) was presented to Olympic silver medallist Subedar Major Vijay Kumar on Saturday morning. Infantry School commandant Lt Gen JS Bajwa was the chief guest of the ceremony who presented the bayonet to him.The ceremony started with inaugural address by Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) commanding officer colonel JS Saran. He said that the ceremony was held at very short notice as Vijay has to leave Mhow for shooting practice for the upcoming World Cup to be held in October this year. He informed that he will receive Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award on Wednesday while he had received Arjun award in 2007, Sena medal in 2006 and Chief of the Army Staff commendation cards four times.Addressing the gathering, Lt Gen Bajwa hailed the efforts of the former commandants and officers for giving the shape to the present AMU. Talking about the red-tapism in sports, he said that the first consignment of imported weapons for the AMU was sanctioned after six months of repeated efforts. Weapons remained lying at the Delhi airport for another three months as the officials were demanding for heavy import duty. It took so much time for them to decide that the weapons were meant for the uplift of sports and were then released.He praised the continuous physical and mental training at the AMU, which on one hand trains the shooters do well in the sports while on the other hand, trains them to remain calm and stable in conditions of acute pressure. He cited the example of Vijay Kumar, who was in very much control till the last round of his match in which he bagged the silver medal.Later, Vijay Kumar also addressed the gathering. He said that when he joined army in 2003, he participated in the All India GV Mavlankar championship and established two meet records. In a programme being held in the AMU, his in-charge Maj (now Col) SVS Rajvee took him to the then commandant Lt Gen GS Negi and introduced him to the general as a shooter with great caliber. Following this, Lt Gen Negi talked to him for long. This incident made Vijay think that the shooting sport could fetch him great respect otherwise a sepoy in the army can never think of talking to a general in such a manner. This led him to pay more and more efforts in shooting which resulted in a number of medals including the silver medal at Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15756917", "title": "Sudigadu gets good openings in USA", "text": "Allari Naresh's Sudigadu has got positive reviews from all corners. The movie was released in more than 30 centers in USA and collected nearly $1, 00,000 share for three days (including premieres).Sudigadu was also released in UK, Canada, Australia, Middle East, etc to a good response. Trade reports say that Sudigadu stats are the best ever figures for an Allari Naresh film in overseas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15755104", "title": "Tree top campaign to protect farmers", "text": "MUMBAI: A campaign is building up atop a tree in the nondescript district of Chandrapur in Maharashtra to protect forests.Beginning Septemper 1, an environmental activist Brikesh Singh will climb a tree near Padmapur village in Chandrapur and stay there till 30 th September as a mark of protest against rampant coal mining and depletion of natural resources and loss of forest cover.The 32-year-old said, \"I did a recce with the locals in the village and identified one tree which the locals call 'Anjan tree'. This place is close to the buffer zone of the Tadoba tiger reserve. On September 1, I will climb up a tree and remain there till September 30.\" When asked if he will be stationed atop the tree and about his survival, Singh said, \"Honestly I have no clue how will I survive without coming down. But then I have received overwhelming promises of support from the locals and celebrities alike. People have offered to sponsor my meals and villagers have pledged all kinds of assistance I may require in order to carry this out.\"Intriguingly, it is not just the people of Chandrapur but also celebrities from the film industry who are supporting the campaign. Actor Abhay Deol , said Singh has assured to visit him in Chandrapur when will be sitting atop the tree. Meanwhile, actors Ayesha Takia , Vinay Pathak, Dia Mirza and Shreyas Talpade have been giving voice to the campaign on micro blogging website Twitter.Singh said, \"The aim is to go and present a petition at the CBD which our cyber activist will build by seeking support from all over the country. We need to emphasise the point that there are alternatives to generate energy and we don't need to ravage our forest, deprive tribals of their lands and animals of their corridors. There are various other sustainable solutions of generating energy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15721014", "title": "Karpagam VC to head agriculture university", "text": "COIMBATORE: K Ramasamy, a former agricultural professor at TNAU and the present vice-chancellor of Karpagam University in the city will be the new VC of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU), Coimbatore, for the next three years. He is expected to assume charge on Monday. It is reliably learnt that the governor's office has issued an appointment order on Friday in this regard.The term of the former VC Murugesa Bhoopathi ended on June 3. Soon after, a three-member search committee was formed to select the new VC. The committee had submitted three names to the governor, who is the chancellor of the universities. From the three suggested names, one is chosen for the post by the governor.Officials at TNAU said they received information on his appointment on Friday. Ramasamy has a Phd in industrial microbiology and post doctoral training in gene cloning. He was a professor at the department of environment engineering in TNAU and his former colleagues refer to him as a respected academic. \"He is an excellent academic with administrative skills,\" says one of his former colleagues who is now a senior professor at TNAU. He took voluntary retirement from TNAU in 2006, when he was the director of the Centre for Molecular Biology. Later, he worked in senior positions in some private universities. An office bearer of the Association of University Teachers (AUT) said that he was an able academic with leadership skills. \"He is a renowned academic in his field with a clean image. This has raised hopes among the academic community,\" he said.Academics from TNAU said that the mandate of the new VC will include improving the research atmosphere of the institute. P Subbian, registrar at TNAU, said the institute will have to focus more on research activities and increase interactions between farmers and the academia.Moreover, many of the technologies developed by the university should be effectively transformed to the farmers.Ramasamy said that he will initiate steps to equip the youth to face global challenges. At the same time, sources close to him said that he plans to enhance joint collaborations with foreign institutes and agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15715829", "title": "Heritage tour of the Reis Magos fort", "text": "Young Indians Goa Chapter in collaboration with Goa Heritage Action Group (GHAG) has organized a heritage tour/walk of the Reis Magos fort with architect, Gerard da Cunha, who has restored the fort. The tour is scheduled on August 26 from 11am to 12.30pm and participants are required to assemble at the fort at 10.45am. 'The Mandovi river has always been the point of entry to Goa and bearing in mind its strategic importance there have been four major forts at its mouth - Aguada, Reis Magos, Cabo and Gasper Dias. Reis Magos was built by the Adil Shah in 1497 and destroyed by Afonso de Albuquerque in 1510.It was later rebuilt in 1543 to ward off the Dutch invasion and next to it is the Reis Magos church -the first church built in Bardez in the 1550's. With its strategic location, the fort presents a magnificent vista of the River Mandovi. It has intense high sloping walls and many underground rooms and passages. Another distinctive feature of the fort is the decorative bastions with cylindrical turrets looking out towards the Mandovi,' states the press release. The entry fee for the tour is Rs 200 per person. Prior registration is a must for all participants. For any further information, contact Cecil Pinto on 9822982505.'Festival of documentaries' at Sunaparanta: 'Rothko's rooms' and 'Baraka - A world beyond words' will be screened from 11am onwards on August 26, at the ongoing two-day 'Festival of documentaries' being held at Sunaparanta - Goa Centre for the Arts, Panaji. The festival is being held in association with Chameleon Art Projects.Kanchi Mehta will introduce each documentary. Entry is free.Indian classical music classes: The directorate of art and culture will organize Indian classical music classes (vocal). For details, call on 2404600, 2404681 or 9923353204.Health camp at Marcaim: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar will inaugurate a health camp organized by Shree Navadurga Vidyalaya ex students association for the students of the school and higher secondary school in collaboration with the health centres of Marcaim and Ponda at gram panchayat hall, Marcaim, on August 26 at 9am. Sarpanch Shailendra Panjikar, health officer at the community health centre, Ponda, Dr Nutan Dev and health officer at the primary health centre, Marcaim, Dr Roopa Naik will attend. A general checkup of the students along with eye check, blood group detection will be carried out in the camp. Noted doctors will deliver a lecture to the students on health problems faced by them.Public speaking course:Live Life and Workplace India will conduct a four-month certificate course in communication and public speaking (CAPS) exclusively for adults and college students at Vasco (Saturdays), Margao (Thursday), Panaji (Saturdays) and Ponda (Fridays), once a week in the evening. The programme is designed to build communication related confidence, overcome stage fright and enhance public speaking skills, states a press note. For details log on to www.livelife.in or call on 9823837362.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15740002", "title": "Mining group Vedanta paid Rs 28 crore donation to political parties in last 3 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mining group Vedanta Resources paid $5.69 million (about Rs 28 crore) to political parties in India in last three years.Without disclosing the beneficiaries, billionaire Anil Agarwal-promoted Vedanta in its annual report for 2011-12 stated that it paid $2.01 million to political parties in 2011-12.This donation was, however, lower than $3.66 million it had paid in 2009-10, when last general elections were held in the country.A company spokesperson did not reply to the queries. According to its annual reports, Vedanta has paid $8.29 million to the political parties since 2003-04, when it got listed on London Stock Exchange.However, it did not make a single donation for three years between 2006-07 to 2008-09.\"During the year, the group made political donations in India of $2.01 million either through a trust or directly in respect of the Indian general election. The board believes that supporting the political process in India will encourage and strengthen the democratic process,\" it said in its annual report for 2011-12.However, the mining conglomerate recently came under fire from a UK-based shareholder advisory group Pirc over its practice of making political donations.Reportedly, Pirc has advised Vedanta shareholders to withhold votes on its report and accounts at the annual general meeting on August 28 and protest against the practice.Vedanta, which has emerged as a mining and natural resources giant in last one decade, had reported revenues of over $14 billion during the last fiscal.Its subsidiaries include Sterlite Industries, Sesa Goa, Cairn India and Hindustan Zinc.In February, the company had announced restructuring of its group structure. As per this, all the group firms will come under the banner of Sesa Sterlite, except Konkola Copper Mines (KCM) in Zambia and Vedanta will continue to be the parent firm of the two firms (Sesa Sterlite and KCM).The restructuring is likely to be completed by 2012-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15742437", "title": "OK OK releasing on Aug 31", "text": "Tamil film OK OK (Oru Kal Oru Kannadi in Tamil), starring Udhayanidhi Stalin and Hansika, will be releasing in Andhra Pradesh (dubbed version) on August 31. Producer Bellamkonda Suresh has bagged the film's distribution rights for AP and is making all the arrangements for a grand release.The film was released in April this year and has opened to positive reviews and became a commercial success at the Kollywood box office. Comedian Santhanam is playing a key role in this film, which is about a youngster who is caught between the loyalties of friendship and love. OK OK, which is written and directed by M. Rajesh, features Harris Jayaraj's music and Balasubramaniem's cinematography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727475", "title": "First biopolymer study centre set up", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre for Biopolymer Science and Technology (CBPST), set up by the Central Institute of Plastics Engineering (CIPET) and Technology, was inaugurated here on Saturday by Union minister for chemicals and fertilizers M K Alagiri and chief minister Oommen Chandy.The project, which is estimated to cost Rs 30 crore, is the first institute in the country that will offer courses and research opportunities in the emerging area of biopolymer science.CBPST has started operations in the vacant buildings of FACT at its Udyogamandal division and has launched academic programmes, including PG and PhD programmes, in collaboration with the Cochin University of Science and Technology.Alagiri said that CIPET had trained 1,16,638 students during the 11th Five Year Plan and has plans to train 2,15,600 students in the 12th Plan. He said the students of CIPET were in demand in plastic industries globally.He also promised to take all possible steps for the development of public sector undertakings FACT, HIL and HOCL, and to resolve the grievances of the employees of those companies.K Jose Cyriac, secretary of the department of chemicals and petrochemicals, and president of the CIPET governing council, said CIPET was able to assure placement to 90% of the students enrolling in the institute. \"We are going to expand our presence in Kerala very soon,'' he said.Chandy said that Kerala, which was a major producer of fibre-rich items like coconut, palm, banana, and screw-pine, had enormous potential for the growth of biopolymer industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15737590", "title": "Bus collides with tanker in China, 36 people killed", "text": "BEIJING: At least 36 people were killed on Sunday when a sleeper-bus collided with a methane-laden tanker in northern China.The accident took place in an expressway at Yan'an in Shaanxi province. Both the vehicles caught fire after the accident, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.It said 39 people were on board the two vehicles when the crash occurred and only three people survived. They were taken to hospital with injuries.The cause of the accident is being investigated.China's roads are highly dangerous, with traffic laws and safety widely flouted across the vast country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15713664", "title": "Thane teams get only Rs 11K as prize money", "text": "LATUR: A day after Thane teams bagged twin titles in the Maharashtra State Inter-District Badminton Championship, controversy erupted with the champions not happy with the prize money they got.Thane teams received only 11,000 as prize money including meager 4,000 for the women's team. The squad consisted of 10 playing members, a manager and a coach. The team management is furious about the way the champions are being treated in the state meet.\"We are absolutely thrilled to win both titles but equally disappointed with the prize money we got. In all, we got only 11,000. If we distribute this amount amongst the 10 players and 2 support staff, it comes to 900 only. It is too small a figure. A member of the victorious team not getting even a thousand rupees is a shameful thing,\" Thane manager S Ramaswamy told TOI.It is learnt that the total prize money for the inter-district tournament is only 25,000. There has been no increase in the prize money over last many years. The Nagpur women's team, which lost in the semifinals, got just 1,000 as prize money. Nagpur women's side had five members which meant 200 for each!\"To bring the 10-12 member squad for the tournament is a costly affair considering the ever-increasing cost of lodging and boarding. We have to spend nearly 50,000 on hotel and food. If we get a decent amount in prize money then some part of the expenses can be recovered. But it seems here there is only spending and no reward,\" regretted Ramaswamy.Former Thane player and current coach, Mayur Ghatnekar, echoed similar views. He added that the tournament organizers and Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) should bring in some more sponsors to increase the prize money.\"It is high time the MBA should increase the prize money immediately. When I was playing, the situation was same. Nothing has changed over the last decade or so. If players get such small reward, youngsters and their parents will think twice to take up badminton as profession,\" said Ghatnekar.He also informed that the recently concluded Thane District Badminton Championship had 2.5 lakh as prize money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "silverstone", "code": "15751447", "title": "Karun Chandhok qualifies in seventh position for JRM Racing", "text": "SILVERSTONE: Indian racing star Karun Chandhok and his JRM Racing enjoyed a solid qualifying session in preparation for the fourth round of the 2012 FIA World Endurance Championship, the 6 Hours of Silverstone.Karun Chandhok qualified in seventh position, just half a second from fourth and the fastest privateer car, marking the strength and depth of the competition in this year's series, and just how far JRM Racing has come since entering the championship at the start of this year. This came in spite of a gearbox issue in the earlier practice, which cost the team almost all the running in the morning.Karun started on Michelin intermediate tyres following a heavy rainstorm between practice and qualifying, completing four laps with a best time of 1:53.957. He then moved to the slick tyre for his flying laps. He completed six further laps on the dry tyres, improving to a 1:46.758 to put the #22 HPD ARX 03a into seventh overall. An even quicker time was on the cards, but traffic put paid to a further improvement.Karun Chandhok, who has enjoyed success at Silverstone in every series through the years, added, \"Today we were even closer to the front of the field and there was only a hair's breadth between ourselves, Strakka and Rebellion. This is a big step forward over the previous races where we have been a lot further back. We could have gone even faster - I did a 1:46.4 yesterday and I was up on my first two sectors, but traffic in the last corner cost me some time. Although qualifying for a six hour race isn't the be-all and end-all, it would have been nice to show our true form. All the same we can be relatively satisfied with today, particularly given we missed the earlier session. It's pretty hopeful for tomorrow.\"Nigel Stepney, team manager and chief engineer, said, \"We lost the hour this morning with a gearbox issue, which is when we had planned to do all our qualifying work. We then went back to our set up from FP1, but conditions were very different then so it was hard to get the most out of the car. But even so we can be relatively happy - we are on a similar pace to our rivals, which we haven't been in previous races. It bodes well for the race and for the rest of the season. The forecast is for occasional showers - we'll just deal with everything as it comes.\"Team Principal James Rumsey, commented, \"A very solid qualifying by Karun. We've looked genuinely competitive from the start of the event and although we would have liked the qualifying position to reflect this, it's a mark of how far we've come since we entered endurance racing at the start of the year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720522", "title": "Man poses as cop, extorts money from couples", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have nabbed a 32-year-old man from Ramanathapuram for posing as a policeman and extorting money from couples on the Marina Beach.Police said V Arockia Doss, dressed in plain clothes and wielding a lathi, was spotted on the service road off Kamarajar Salai demanding money from a couple.Inquiries revealed that Doss was staying in a lodge in the city for the past five days. \"He visits the city every month to extort money from couples on the beach,\" an official said. He had two accomplices, who are on the run. Police are searching for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717476", "title": "Lucknow University waits for apt answer to outsiders' challenge", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once hailed as a temple of learning and education, Lucknow University today is the battle ground for the self-proclaimed student leaders, who dream to make it big in the world of politics. However, in a bid to fulfil their dreams and ambitions, the student leaders flout all norms and even walk the extra mile of inviting outsider to the campus to flaunt their money and muscle power.Friday's brazen display of firearms and firing in air on the LU campus during clash between two groups of students has raised questions on the university administration. The situation has assumed dangerous proportions with the unrestricted entry of outsiders. In fact, it was an outsider who was caught with the firearm during Friday's clash.At any given point of time in the day, the campus is abuzz with student leaders. They are seen moving freely in their SUV's with no one to stop them. Further, some of the expelled student leaders with criminal record like Ram Singh Rana have been able to get admission in the university. And, with student union polls likely to be held in October, many apprehend that the situation would deteriorate.LU proctor, Prof Pawan Agarwal said that the only way to stop entry of outsiders inside the campus is by checking identity cards of students. \"In case a student does not have an identity card, we ask for the fee receipt. In the absence of both, we issue notice to the students,\" said Prof Agarwal.Talking to TOI, a proctorial board member admitted that the university administration can never regulate the entry of outsiders in the campus. \"In almost all the universities, there is one gate for entry and exit of students and teachers. But here, we have four-five passages from where outsiders can enter the campus. Had there been one single gate, we would have checked the entry and exit of unwanted students by installing cameras,\" he said.Senior professors feel that the entry of students with criminal antecedents can be checked only when university administration takes a strict posture. \"On one hand, the university will have to immediately issue notices to those found canvassing, walking in bigger groups, distributing pamphlets, putting up posters, and on the other hand, create creative and academic environment in the campus,\" said Prof Rajesh Mishra, head, department of sociology. He added that there are no seminars, debates, lectures taking place in the university. Teachers believe that with SP coming in power, crime is on rise and the youth have got extra-freedom to express them. Hence, they are showing an extra-deviant behaviour. Since universities do not exist in vacuum, the same situation is reflected here. Under such situation, the legitimacy of discipline is in question. \"If it is not nipped in the bud, it will be no surprise that the institutions of learning will be back to pre-2006 days,\" said a professor. Teachers also complain that from putting up hoardings, and life-size banners in the city to canvassing inside the university premises, the developments taking place are a clear violation of the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations on the code of conduct for student union election.But for dean student's welfare Prof Rakesh Chandra, it is just flouting of the general university rules. \"Technically, Lyngdoh Committee recommendations operate only after the formal announcement of date of student union polls. So as of now, be it spending heavy amount on canvassing or putting banners, everything is outside the purview of Lyngdoh Committee.\"When asked about the admission of the expelled student, Rana, Prof Chandra refused to comment.The incidents of violence were a routine affair on the campus till 2006 when the then vice-chancellor, Prof RP Singh with the support of the governor and high court cleansed the university by expelling over 100 students with criminal antecedents despite opposition of the then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712895", "title": "Heavy rain in Hyderabad proves a weekend dampener", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a month-long dry spell, the rain gods finally obliged on Saturday. Hyderabad received a sudden bout of heavy downpour with the Met department recording 30.2 mm rainfall in the three hours that it rained on Saturday afternoon. And it is going to be a rainy Sunday as well, with Met officials indicating mild to heavy showers over the next 48 hours.The heavy showers flooded the streets leading to major traffic snarls on most of the busy roads and even put the ongoing India vs New Zealand Test match at Uppal stadium on hold. The match was officially called off at 2.55 pm.Motorists had a tough time as heavy water logging was reported from various parts of the city. Officials at the emergency wing of GHMC said that water logging at Ameerpet was the worst and that similar problems were reported from Banjara Hills, Jubilee Hills, Hi-Tec City, Mehdipatnam, Toli Chowki, apart from Gandhi Bhavan, Koti, Abids, Vidyanagar, Indira Park and Shivam road. There was bumper to bumper traffic on the Masab Tank-NMDC stretch, as the road was damaged due to the downpour.Earlier in the day, denizens had woken up to a cloudy sky and a drizzle in some parts of the city. The sun played hide and seek until about 1.30 pm when it started drizzling followed by heavy showers across the city. Weathermen said that the rainfall was widespread on Saturday. \"Monsoon is active particularly over Telangana and coastal AP. The rainfall was triggered by the low pressure area that has formed over northwest Bay of Bengal with associated upper air circulation,\" said Narasimha Rao, duty officer with the Met department.Rao added that heavy rainfall warning has been given for Telangana and coastal AP during the next 48 hours. \"Isolated heavy rains would occur over parts of Telangana and coastal AP,\" he said.Meanwhile, three trees were uprooted due to rainfall, one on Road No 3, Banjara Hills (behind the mosque), the second at Seven Tombs and the third in Bahadurpura.All zonal and deputy municipal commissioners have been asked to stay vigilant as there is heavy rain forecast for two days in GHMC limits. Mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain has directed all the officers concerned to be available on call and has asked people living in low lying areas to stay alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15714688", "title": "Probe ordered into allegations of corruption in jail", "text": "KANPUR: District judge OP Verma on Friday took cognizance on a complaint regarding corruption in jail filed by the president Kanpur Bar Association and asked the district magistrate to conduct an inquiry and take appropriate action against the erring persons.KBA president Ramendra Singh Katiyar had filed a complaint on August 22 and alleged that jail administration was encouraging corruption through illegal realization of money and inhuman torture of undertrials. Quoting newspaper reports, Katiyar alleged that narcotics trade was on inside the jail. The jail employees were extorting money at various gates ranging from Rs 150 to 1,000 during the meeting of undertrials and their family members.The district judge also asked to the jail superintendent to submit an explanation regarding the charges by August 30. He also directed the chief metropolitan magistrate to conduct an inquiry and if necessary, the CMM can take the help of additional city magistrate for inquiry and submit a report on the next date.No headway in Lal Bangla loot case: The police have failed to make any breakthrough in the loot committed in Lal Bangla in Chakeri area of the city on Friday evening.Unidentified armed criminals had snatched cash and valuables worth Rs 5.40 lakh from a jeweller of Phool Wali Gali in Lal Bangla. Manish and his father Raj Kishore were returning home on a two-wheeler after closing the shop. The two were waylaid by two armed men outside their house. The miscreants injured the two by opening fire on them. When they slumped on the ground, the criminals snatched the bag containing the cash and valuables and escaped in the by-lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713382", "title": "No cellphones for below 18 girls: Rajasthan panchayat", "text": "JAIPUR: A village panchayat in Jhunjhunu district's Udaipurwati area has banned girls below the age of 18 years from using mobile phones in the village. The panchayat has also issued an order that girls should wear stoles while going out of their homes.The orders have been issued by the Kishorpura village panchayat. According to the panchayat members, these orders were issued so that girls are not \"spoiled\" by excessive use of cellphones.\"The panchayat members held a meeting with elders recently. The elders insisted that such a ban should be imposed in the village as more and more girls are carrying mobile phones,\" a panchayat member said.He added that several cases had come up in which the girls were found to be in trouble due to use of mobile phones. \"They receive prank calls frequently. Besides, use of cell phone distracts them from their studies,\" the member said on condition of anonymity.In other orders, the panchayat has also directed the girls to use stoles (chunni) always while going out of their homes. The panchayat has also asked grown-up women to keep their heads covered. It has also banned minor boys from playing music on their cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15731560", "title": "How to make friends with Iran and influence inner Asia", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711568", "title": "Homage paid to blast victims", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several persons paid homage at Gokul Chat and Lumbini Park on the fifth anniversary of the twin blasts on Saturday.It was exactly five years ago on August 25, 42 people were killed and several others injured in the twin blasts that shook the city.The investigating officials have failed to crack the case and bring to light the forces behind the ghastly incident till date. Octopus is presently investigating the case.The condition of some of the survivors are terrible.There are several victims who did not yet get the government's promised financial aid including Sadashiva Reddy who became crippled after suffering multiple injuries in the blast.The authorities of Gokul Chat Bhandar kept the shop closed for most of the day as a mark of respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15719648", "title": "20-km queue causes traffic jam at Aryankavu check post", "text": "KOLLAM: Thousands of passengers and hundreds of vehicles are held up in a traffic snarl at Aryankavu check post on the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border on Saturday as the excise and sales tax departments tightened the checking and verification of vehicles. The checking was intensified after a raid conducted by the vigilance and anti-corruption bureau (VACB) on Friday.Vehicular movement was badly hit for more than 15 hours and trucks carrying vegetables and other perishable commodities to Kerala for Onam festivities were held up at the check post. By evening, the long queue of vehicles had crossed Puliyara, 20 km from the check post. The queue would lead up to Thenkasi on Sunday, if the pace of checking continues the same.According to a senior excise official, the absence of police in the check post and staff shortage had badly affected the verification procedures. As it is Onam season, the flow of vehicles, ferrying vegetables, flowers and other goods have increased.The VACB raid, 'Operation Onakazhchakal' on Friday on the check post had found several irregularities. VACB found that vehicles passing through the check post were not properly checked by the sales tax and excise departments. The raid also found large-scale smuggling of spirit through the check post.A vehicle, which was taken into custody at Pulikeezhu, Thiruvalla, on Thursday with 4,750 litres of spirit had passed through the Aryankavu check post on August 22. The officials at the check post recorded the goods in the vehicle as salt.According to the VACB officials, the vehicle was permitted entry into the state through the check post earlier on August 12 and 6, which raised the suspicion that a huge quantity of illicit spirit might have been smuggled in to meet the Onam demand. They also found that the irregularities had taken place when a particular team of officials were on duty there.Based on the report, excise department had transferred five officials: excise preventive officers Reghukumar, Vijayakumar and excise guards Sunil, Vishnuraj and Sanal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15715936", "title": "22-year-old hangs self after killing woman", "text": "PUNE: A married woman and a youth were found dead in a room of a lodge in Kharadi on Saturday. The police say the man killed her and then hanged himself to the ceiling fan.The deceased have been identified as Bablu Laxman Purshottam, 22, of Akola district and 32-year-old Manisha Thorat of Chandannagar in Kharadi. Purshottam had a food stall at Ranjangaon, about 68 kms from here, on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway. Manisha had two children.Bablu and Manisha checked in Chandan lodge in Kharadi on Friday afternoon at 1 claiming to be man and wife. They booked a room and paid the rent for a day. A lodge employee called up on the intercom on Saturday afternoon to remind them about the check out time, but got no response. After several calls, he knocked at the door of the room but again failed to get a reply. The lodge manager tried to open the room using the master key but failed to do so because the door was bolted from inside.The lodge manager alerted the Kharadi police chowkie, which sent a police team and broke open the door. Manisha was found on the bed with blood oozing from her nose and with abrasions on the neck. Bablu was found hanging by the ceiling fan, said senior inspector Kishore Jadhav, incharge of the Yerawada police.Jadhav said that Bablu had strangled Manisha to death with a dupatta. He then used the same cloth to hang himself. No suicide note was found. Jadhav said the couple wanted to stay together, but it is not known yet as to what went wrong between them.\"The bodies were handed over to their family members after post-mortem at the Sassoon general hospital. We are collecting more information from the family members. A complaint of murder has been registered against Bablu under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code,\" Jadhav said.Daulatram Verma, manager of Chandan lodge, said Bablu had furnished his driving licence as identity proof and had paid room charges of Rs 1,200. He had identified Manisha as his wife. Verma said they did not order anything except a bottle of water. \"After failing to get a response on the intercom and repeated knocking on the door, we informed our owner Suresh Shetty who then alerted the police,\" Verma said.Shetty, he said that he came to known about the incident after receiving a phone call from the lodge. \"My staff has completed the required formalities at the time of alloting a room to the couple\", Shetty added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15724528", "title": "Mamata unsure of UPA tenure", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who has just returned from Delhi after attending a UPA co-ordination committee meeting, has expressed doubt over the tenure of the UPA government at the Centre.\"I don't know how long the Centre will stay and when it will cease to exist. We are trying to ensure that it stays,\" she said at the first political convention of Trinamool Yuva.She believes that Trinamool will emerge as a party worth reckoning in the national political scenario.Despite Mamata's pledge to support the UPA government, it is not willing to give any respite to the Manmohan Singh government in its opposition to FDI in retail and the Pension Bill. Trinamool parliamentary party leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay described these bills as \"controversial\" and said retail traders were worried over the entry of FDI in retail.The Trinamool Yuva meeting was aimed at giving a boost to the image of the chief minister which has taken a beating of late on issues like the arrests of Belpahari farmer Shiladitya Chowdhury and Jadavpur University teacher Ambikesh Mahapatra and some of her public statements on alleged rapes. Some Trinamool leaders assembled on the dais sought to bestow on the chief minister a somewhat exalted image and said that she has progressed from being \"an individual to an institution.\"Mamata described herself as a champion of human rights and said the Press Council chairman who had been critical of her, has recently written her a letter, seeking her opinion on the media.The chief minister accused the media of inciting rapes and spreading lies to \"help bring back the CPM to power\". \"Just because you own a channel, you cannot incite rapes and suicides. Speak the truth. Do not incite crime,\" she said, adding that the trend of \"fabricating stories\" started with baby deaths at a state-run hospital and alleged farmer suicides.\"Now they have picked up rapes. First there is 'breaking news'. Then there is a contradiction. If the complaints are genuine, the administration will take steps. But if you lie, the police will lodge diaries against you,\" she warned.\"Now the media is run by business houses. They instruct the spreading of canards. I have been told by (urban development minister) Firhad Hakim that Rs 50,000 and Rs 1 lakh is being paid for whatever the media says. They also lodge (case) diaries if necessary, and then withdraw it,\" Mamata said, clarifying that she was not indicting all the media houses. \"I do not say that all media is bad. Some media does this.\"She asked the Trinamool Yuva to project a \"good image\" of Trinamool and \"protest, democratically, against all smear campaigns\".Her partymen heaped praise on her saying that her Singur and Nandigram agitations were \"the biggest democratic movements in India\". \"Now the country needs you,\" a leader said, projecting her as the future prime minister. Most of these statements were made when Mamata had not reached the venue.Senior leaders like Amit Mitra and Saugata Roy tempered the eulogies with factual assessments of the achievements of the government. Mitra pointed out how the tax realization in April and May increased by 30% without any increase in tax rates. The secret, he said, was computerization.Roy said the PWD has issued work orders for 92 projects in three months that will benefit 'Jangalmahal'. Roy reiterated the government's achievements in Darjeeling.Mamata said that though Trinamool's opposition to forcible land acquisition had inconvenienced many, industries and investors were still flocking to the state. Nearly 16 railway factories that are being set up in Bengal can serve as engines of growth, she pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15712597", "title": "BJP eyes 47 Lok Sabha seats reserved for tribals", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has set for itself a target of winning most of the 47 Lok Sabha seats reserved all over the country for tribal candidates. The party president made this clear while addressing the national executive of the BJP Adivasi Janjati Morcha (party's tribal wing) which began here on Saturday.Sounding the bugle for the next general elections which are to be contested under his leadership as BJP president for second consecutive term, he told the tribal chieftains and representatives to fan out to the tribal constituencies and closely study conditions there especially about basic amenities, roads and rural infrastructure. He said that the BJP was committed to uprooting poverty among tribals if it was elected to power at the Centre.Around 300 delegates comprising tribal ministers, leaders, MLAs and MPs of the party from across the nation are attending the two-day meeting at the MLA hostel here. \"If all the 6.70 lakh villages in the country are connected with all-season roads, it will add Rs1.60 lakh crores to the nation's GDP,\" said Gadkari who had played a role in drawing up the Vajpayee government's flagship programme connecting villages and the golden quadrangle project.The BJP leader targeted the UPA government for failure to addressing needs of education and employment generation in tribal belts of the country where Naxalites were on the rampage exploiting the underdevelopment. \"The dropout rate among tribals was as high as 80%,\" he lamented and added that if his party came to power it would endeavour setting up a medical college, an engineering college, three polytechnics and 10 ITIs in each of the tribal dominated district of the country.Gadkari stressed on tribals to adopt modern outlook and come up as equals in the society. \"Stop the practice of touching feet of political leaders. Don't let anyone dent your self-respect. Adopt the path shown by (Jan Sangh founder) Deendayal Upadhyay of gaining power through clean governance,\" he said.Significantly, the BJP is in power or shares it in states like Jharkhand , Madhya Pradesh , Bihar which have a sizeable tribal population, the BJP wants to only consolidate its position. But by holding the tribal wing's national meeting in Maharashtra where the scheduled tribe voters are traditionally inclined towards the Congress, the BJP has sent a clear signal that it was not ignoring a vital section of the voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15719322", "title": "HC flays cops over security of CAT staff", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has flayed the state police for unilaterally withdrawing the armed security cover provided to members of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), and directed the government to reemploy securitymen immediately.Charging the police of belittling the status of CAT members and forcing them to approach the court for security, the high court also said it would amount to contempt of the Supreme Court itself.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, allowing the writ petition filed by registrar of the CAT, said: \"This court expresses its displeasure about the conduct of the top police officials in treating the CAT members with disrespect and forcing them to knock the doors of this court for getting security, while discharging their judicial functions, in spite of the decision of the Supreme Court and specific request made by the CAT members on July 10, 2012.\"The CAT is a judicial forum established by the Centre to receive and adjudicate service-related cases of the central government employees.The armed security personnel for the members of the Madras bench of the CAT were withdrawn by the state police on February 22, pursuant to the recommendation of the state's Security Review Committee dated February 20. As representations to the authorities to restore security did not evoke any response, the CAT registrar filed the present writ petition in the Madras high court.When the matter was taken up for hearing, additional advocate-general P H Aravindh Pandian submitted that the Security Review Committee would consider the issue keeping in mind the apex court direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713593", "title": "Child labour age limit raised to 18 years", "text": "JAIPUR: Making the law on child labour more stringent, the state government has issued a notification extending the age bar on child labour from 14 years to 18 years. Now, if anybody below 18 years is employed, it will be considered as child labour.After Delhi, Rajasthan is the second state which has put the age limit at 18 years, said a member of Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights.A fine of Rs 20,000 will be imposed on the employer of such children. The state government will also contribute Rs 5,000 for each child in the Child Labour Welfare Fund, which would be spent on his or her rehabilitation.Chief secretary CK Mathew on Tuesday issued the six-page notification which also acknowledged that a large number of children are working in occupations such as gem polishing, Aari Tari, carpet manufacturing, brick kilns, domestic work, begging, bidi industry, mines, agriculture, tea kiosks and dhabas. Also, a large number of them were being trafficked out of the state for labour at Bt Cotton fields where they work as bonded labourers for 10 to 16 hours a day.The state government has announced a comprehensive Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) in the six-page notification for identification, rescue, protection and rehabilitation for children employed in different occupations. The state government has also fixed roles of the police, labour department, child welfare committee, social justice department and district administration.\"Child labour is a barrier in realizing the state government's intention of imparting free and compulsory education. In the above context, the SOP has been prepared to identify, rescue, protect and rehabilite child labourers,\" says the notification.\"The working children above 14 years will be rescued with the help of the police,\" it adds.Though the Child Labour Prohibition Act, 1986, is in force in the state, it treats work by children below 14 years in certain occupations as valid and does not facilitate rehabilitation of rescued children. Against this backdrop, the notification has held the Juvenile Justice Act, which defines a child's age as 18 years, as the basis for taking action against child labour.It was also a demand of the child rights groups.Additional chief secretary, social justice empowerment, Aditi Mehta had also advocated for covering children upto 18 years under child albour.Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RSCPCR) member Govind Beniwal said: \"We have also prepared a check list which will be distributed to all the collectors which will ensure proper implementation of the new directions.\"Banswara-based NGO Vaagdhara had released a draft plan of action for elimination of child labour in Rajasthan in February this year after its preparation on the request of state government in collaboration with an aid organization, Plan India. The draft document along with a report on the child labour situation and region-specific strategies in the state was handed over to three ministers at a function at Jawahar Kala Kendra here in February 2012.Vaagdhara secretary, Jayesh Joshi, said: \"We hope for many more such accomplishments as a result of our sustained campaign for protecting children's rights,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15714077", "title": "Governor's moves show lack of faith in Gehlot: Opposition", "text": "JAIPUR: Governor Margaret Alva's decision to directly seek reports on the rain-affected areas from the district collectors and her visits to the aggrieved in Jaipur and Kota have raised questions over the leadership of chief minister Ashok Gehlot .Following the controversy, in a late night development, A Mukhopadhyay, principal secretary to the governor, denied that reports were sought from district collectors on rain-hit areas.The governor's 'proactive role', however, has set tongues wagging in the Opposition as well as within Congress. Gehlot's critics have been quick to target him for his alleged administrative inefficiency.The BJP has gone to the extent of terming the governor's 'intervention' as the Congress-led Central government's lack of faith in Gehlot.\"It is an unprecedented move and seldom happens when the same political party is in power at the Centre and in the state. The governors follow this practice when there is a presidential rule in the state,\" BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi said at a press conference on Saturday.Gehlot acting as 'invisible' CM, says ChaturvediAfter her visit to rain-hit areas in Jaipur on Thursday, Governor Alva told reporters that she would call reports from district collectors on the losses due to excessive rainfall and subsequent relief works undertaken in their areas.\"The governor, who subsequently forwards such reports to the Centre, conventionally seeks them from the state government, which in turn directs the district collectors concerned to do the needful,\" Chaturvedi said, referring to Alva's statement.He added that the governor, despite being on a constitutional post, intervened and demanded a report directly from the officials puts a question on the chief minister's efficiency.He stressed, \"Gehlot no more enjoys the support and trust of the Central leadership. He has been acting like an 'invisible CM' for so long, showing up and reacting late in most crisis situations, be it the Gopalgarh police firing or the maternal deaths in Jodhpur.\"Congress sources said the governor stepping out of the Raj Bhawan to meet aggrieved people and the chief minister staying away from them, reflected poorly on the state government.Besides Gehlot, fingers were raised at other Congress leaders who also failed to visit the affected areas. \"Union minister Mukul Wasnik was in Jaipur but he did not bother to meet the rain victims. Similarly, party state president Chandrabhan also thought it unwarranted to meet the kin of those who died due to heavy rainfall,\" a former Congress legislator pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15715531", "title": "Geet Sethi's quest for Olympic gold continues", "text": "PANAJI: India will shed a tear when Geet Sethi calls time on his brilliant billiards career. A career- spanning three decades - that won him eight world titles should be cherished but for the man himself, and those who know him best, there will be sadness that one of the world's greatest exponent of the game went out without an Olympic medal.Not Sethi's fault, though. It's not his fault that cue sports has not found a place in the Olympics - not just yet - and, at the earliest, cue sports could be included at the 2020 Olympics, by which time Sethi's competitive streak would have been history.\"It's not there in Rio and by 2020 I will not be around (on the circuit),\" Sethi admitted to TOI during a candid conversation at a 5-star hotel in South Goa on Friday.\"I won eight world titles in billiards but give me a Olympic gold and I will trade all titles any day. The Olympics is such a fantastic event. It's so emotionally charged and provides (the sportsperson) with such a riveting experience,\" said Sethi, 51, who is down in Goa as part of Chowgule College's Founders Day celebrations in Margao on Saturday.Sethi's desire of an Olympic gold will remain unfulfilled but the Indian billiards ace is doing the next best thing: helping India win gold medals at the Olympics through the Olympic Gold Quest.The OGQ is the brainchild of Sethi and India's first All England Badminton champion, Prakash Padukone, and the foundation identifies potential champions and meets all of their individual needs.\"Like (badminton coach) Gopichand said the other day, 99 percent is not good enough. It is that one percent, which we often miss out, that remains the essential difference,\" said Sethi.For the record , four of the six Olympic medallists at the London Games - Gagan Narang, Vijay Kumar , MC MaryKom and Saina Nehwal - were funded by the OGQ foundation. And even though a gold remained elusive in London, Sethi, and the rest , have plenty of reasons to raise a toast to India's performance.\"India can win 12 medals at the 2016 Olympics in Rio and 20 medals in 2020. If you look at the exponential growth, India will be able to clinch 48 medals in 2024. We can become the top 10 nation in the world (at the Olympics) during that time.\"2012 has been a breakthrough year for India at the Olympics. Prior to the Olympics, the discussions were how many medals we would win and not whether we would win any. There has been a dramatic shift in our attitude and, most importantly, the political will is also there,\" said Sethi.Olympic Gold Quest has already started preparations for Rio 2016. Six athletes - of the 32 on roll - have been identified and India's journey into Olympic sporting excellence has well and truly begun. At the heart of it all, there is Sethi, and he deserves a gold for that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15718184", "title": "SP to go all alone in 2014 Lok Sabha polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Days after Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav hinted at the possibility of a third front coming to power at the Centre, the party on Saturday announced that it would contest the Lok Sabha elections on its own. Speaking to reporters, SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the party would not enter into a pre-poll alliance with any party.The party's stand came on the sidelines of a meeting between Mulayam Singh Yadav with the party workers, whom he asked to work at the grass root, to ensure a grand success in the parliamentary elections due in 2014. Yadav had recently stated that the Congress would crumble on its own, giving clear indications that SP would not pull the carpet beneath the Congress-led UPA government to engineer its downfall, as it would create a wave of sympathy for the Congress.Yadav on Saturday told the workers that they should rather meet the government officials to ensure implementation of people related work, wherever possible. He said that the SP-led state government is committed to implement the projects it promised to the people before the assembly elections. Some of the poll promises like Kanya Vidya Dhan, unemployment allowance and revival of student unions are on their way to be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710340", "title": "Will Olympic heroes get tax exemption?", "text": "BANGALORE: That our Olympic medalists have become crorepatis is old news. However, the truth that these Olympians may face sizeable income-tax deductions after their exploits at the London Games may not have dawned on many.Ignorant among the lot who have showered love, affection and money are the various state governments. Prompt enough in announcing cash rewards for medals at the Olympics, they have somehow not considered it fit to seek income-tax exemption for the medallists. The result could be a savage cut of 30 per cent.Clause 17 (A) of section 10 in the Income Tax Act states that state governments and other bodies can seek exemption from the Centre if the award or reward are \"instituted in public interest\".\"Any payment made, whether in cash or in kind \u2014 (i) in pursuance of any award instituted in the public interest by the Central Government or any State Government or instituted by any other body and approved by the Central Government in this behalf; or (ii) as a reward by the Central Government or any State Government for such purposes as may be approved by the Central Government in this behalf in the public interest -- are incomes which do not form part of total income,\" the clause states.The Union sports ministry has been quick enough in winning tax exemptions to all its annual awards, from the Khel Ratna downwards, and for its cash reward schemes but somehow, this clause hasn't caught the attention of many states.Karnataka, which gives away the Ekalavya awards -- the state's equivalent of the Arjuna -- is one of them. With the cash component being increased to Rs 2 lakh, they are suddenly seized of the issue. The money given away in appreciation of their qualification for the Games \u2014 much like the other states have \u2014 too has had them thinking about the tax burden an athlete will have to shoulder.Former director of Punjab sports department, Pargat Singh, said the annual Maharaja Ranjit Singh award, which carries a purse of Rs 2 lakh, was exempt from tax but not the other cash awards given in celebration of momentous triumphs.Haryana, arguably the most magnanimous among the states, fares no better with its financial commissioner (sports) Hardeep Kumar saying that he wasn't aware such a provision existed.With Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan and Maharashtra besides a host of private bodies enthusiastically joining the list of benefactors - Sahara has announced gold as gift - athletes too are aware of the reality. \"We have received rewards in cash and gold. But there was no assurance of income-tax exemptions,\" said one of the Olympians.But there were others who felt the income-tax department too may be cautious in granting exemptions.\"Awards like Khel Ratna and Arjuna are institutions in themselves and are given in recognition of achievements over a period of time. But with state governments vying with each other in a show of one-upmanship, cash awards are no longer nominal. Even after the tax cuts, a sportsperson takes home a big chunk. In such a scenario, appeals for exemptions may not always be acceded to,\" highly-placed sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713337", "title": "BMC to start making road contractors pay", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is all set to start collecting pothole fines this week. TOI has learnt that fines generated by the pothole tracking system have been finalized. Contractors will thus be paid after making the necessary deductions.The BMC has also tweaked some features of its pothole tracking system after growing complaints of incomplete information being received by citizens.A senior roads department official told TOI, \"The bills are ready and we shall start deducting the fines from next week onwards.The fine has been generated by the pothole tracking system.We were ratifying the bills generated by the system.\" According to the roads department, the BMC is in the process of collecting a fine of Rs 1 crore for the delay in filling potholes. Currently, around 15,000 potholes have been reported.Rahul Shewale, standing committee chairman, said, \"We are taking the fines very seriously.We hope the fines will instill fear in the contractors. The system has brought in some transparency to fine-collecting.\"The BMC is charging the contractors Rs 1,000 a day as penalty after the deadline for a particular work lapses. Contractors have been given strict instructions to fill up potholes within 24 hours on asphalt roads and 48 hours for paver block ones. The penalty is calculated instantly owing to the pothole tracking system that has been developed by Probity Soft.Despite the BMC claims that the pothole tracking system was introduced to include the citizens in the civic body's affairs, several complaints of incomplete information being received had come up. To put an end to the complaints, the BMC has introduced another enhancement in its pothole tracking system. Citizens who have sent pothole pictures will get alerts from the civic body, either through an MMS or email, from the time a contractor attends to the pothole to the time it is filled up.\"Updates will be sent to the complainant. We have been suggestions to include this feature. It will let people know the status of their complaint,\" said Shantanu Kulkarni of Probity Soft, the company that has developed the pothole tracking system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "15732655", "title": "Mahabaleshwara temple in Gokarna burgled", "text": "KARWAR: The historic Mahabaleshwara temple in Gokarna was burgled on Friday night and Rs 1 lakh cash was stolen from the temple hundi. The Mahabaleshwara temple has a separate police chowki and its own security guards. The theft took place when police and temple security personnel were on duty on Friday night.The thieves did not enter the sanctum sanctorum of the temple. They gained entry into the temple verandah by removing the roof tiles. They then broke the grills and entered the temple. They broke open two hundis kept beside the Nandi idol. The sanctum sanctorum has two doors made of wood; there is no sign of thieves trying to break open these doors. The temple management said that they had switched off the CCTVs before closing the temple on Friday night. Police suspect that somebody acquainted with the temple and its security has a hand in the theft. Gokarna police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717794", "title": "UP awaits first instalment of National Rural Health Mission funds", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government got the Union health ministry commit thousands of crores for the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) in Uttar Pradesh, but it is yet to get the first installment of the allocation from the Centre. This is making it difficult for the state to implement various health schemes.On June 1, 2012, the Union health ministry approved Rs 4688.21 crore for implementing NRHM in UP. Of this, the Centre has to provide Rs 2,685 crore while the UP will contribute Rs 895 crore as state's 25% share. Despite the delay, state health officials say the first installment of funds will arrive soon.Admitting that the first installment was yet to arrive, mission director, NRHM UP, Mukesh Meshram said, \"The funds are expected to be released this week.\" However, he claimed that delayed funds have not affected NRHM implementation. \"Janani Surakhsa Yojana and Janani Swastha Shishu Karyakram are the flagship programmes and we have not let them suffer. Also, everyone is being paid salary and other schemes are rolling in,\" he said.On the source of expenditure, Meshram said they were depending on unspent balance of the last financial year which is about Rs 1107.55 crore. But almost three-fourth of this fund go in heads like direction and administration and operation costs. Meshram also claimed that the UP government has sanctioned about Rs 350 crore as state's share. Sources, however, said the delay in arrival of central funds would surely reflect in the implementation of schemes and release of the second installment.Government sources attributed the delay to clearances from the Union finance ministry.\"The proposal was cleared by the ministry of health and family welfare but it was sent for approval to the finance ministry. But it has got delayed on account of unavailability of certain officials. Since the officer in question has arrived, the funds are likely to be transferred in the coming week,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "farmingdale", "code": "15708820", "title": "Tiger-Rory friendship talk of the Tour", "text": "FARMINGDALE: In sport, it's the rivalries that make news, not friendships. A lot of times, these rivalries grow beyond the sporting arena and invade the personal lives of sporting stars, becoming the staple of tabloid media.However, a burgeoning friendship between golf's two biggest stars - Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy - has been the talk of the PGA Tour recently.That the two get along well was in evidence during Round One of The Barclays. Woods and McIlroy kept chatting and joking through the round. At one point, as they strode towards the 18th green, Woods even poked into McIlroy's ribs as the two had a hearty laugh over something. A local hack has even called them \"Frenemies.\"It's not often that top golfers, who are competing against each other for the big prizes, show such camaraderie on the course. Thus, immediately after Round One, Woods was asked what was the most enjoyable part of being out there with Rory? Woods said, \"He is a nice kid. I played with him in Abu Dhabi recently and we struck a friendship back then and it has continued and I think it's only going to get better.\"McIlroy, much younger but wise beyond years, was also probed about the friendship. He was asked how he could maintain a friendly relationship with Woods after having some intense battles with him over the years. \"There have been rivalries built up in golf but our main objective is breaking par on the course,\" McIlroy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15715066", "title": "Core members' differences over rally come to fore", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rift among members of erstwhile Team Anna - over India Against Corruption's (IAC) plan to gherao BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's residence on Sunday - was wide open on Saturday, with one of its key members saying that every party is involved in corruption and removing Congress is not a solution. The difference of opinion came to the fore on a day when Arvind Kejriwal also called for protest at Congress president Sonia Gandhi's residence besides the PM's house and Gadkari's.A day after former IPS officer Kiran Bedi said that they should focus on \"the party in power\" and that she was against the IAC members laying seize to Gadkari's residence, another important functionary of the group Kumar Vishwas said, \"Kiran Bedi will learn in future that removing Congress is not a solution. Corruption is a big thing, and every party is involved.\"Earlier, Bedi tweeted, \"I fully support Arvind's call for the Jantar Mantar rally. While I feel we need to focus on the party in power, I respect his and others view to cover all!\" Calling for a united fight against corruption she said, \"If we keep fragmented the corrupt will continue to be in power to protect itself.\"Though Kejriwal tried to downplay the differences within and claimed that Bedi is still on board, he added that no party was free of corruption. He said that there had been scams even during BJP's tenure and the system won't change even if the BJP or the Samajwadi Party was in power.The RTI activist tweeted on Saturday, \"Residences of Shiv Raj Singh Chauhan, Raman Singh and Naveen Patnaik will also be gheroed tomorrow in their respective states.\" Chauhan and Singh are BJP CMs of MP and Chhattisgarh , respectively. On Thursday, Kejriwal had said that Congress and BJP joined hands to loot Rs 1.86 lakh crore in coalgate, hinting at the roles of these two BJP-ruled state governments.However, considering Bedi's fan following and her support base in the civil society, Kejriwal said, \"Kiran Bedi is very much with us...there could be two views on an issue. She has raised a valid issue.\" This public posturing is being seen as a move to send message to their supporters that there is unity among all members.The rift has given ammunition to Congress to attack IAC. Congress general secretary B K Hariprasad said, \"They are trying to malign the image of the Prime Minister and the Congress. It's clear that they had outsourced the Team Anna agitation which has failed and this attempt to tarnish the government will also fail.\"Critical of the rally, BJP's Arun Jaitley said, \"They are now pursuing a journey from idealism to adventurism\".Family vacationBJP president Nitin Gadkari is leaving for a private holiday with his family on Saturday night, PTI quoted a source close to the national leader. The family will be away for a fortnight, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15731847", "title": "CM bats for financial autonomy to ULBs", "text": "MANGALORE: Decentralization of powers and greater financial autonomy to urban local bodies is uppermost on the minds of the state government since such a move will expedite the pace of development in the cities, said chief minister Jagadish Shettar.\"There is a lot of delay in correspondence between ULBs and departments of urban development and directorate of municipal administration. Decentralization will help address the issue,\" he said, after inaugurating the Mangala council hall of the Mangalore City Corporation on Saturday.The hall was renovated at a cost of Rs 1 crore.Shettar was responding to the demands raised by former mayor Shashidhar Hegde who said the commissioner must be given powers to sanction projects worth up to Rs 10 lakh without resorting to e-tender and the council should be allowed to take up development works costing up to Rs 2 crore from the present Rs 50 lakh.Recognising the need to address basic infrastructure requirements of city corporations, the state government has already released the first batch of Rs 100 crore to ULBs, he said, adding that this was not the case earlier.Hitherto, city corporations were dependent on state finance commission funds for all their development needs. He advised city corporations to expedite the pace of works to be taken up utilising the second tranche of Rs 100 crore to be released soon.Taking note of demands made by Shashidhar and N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker of the state assembly, on the need to expedite work on the second vented dam across the Nethravathi at Thumbe in Bantwal, Shettar said the state government would take steps to release grants for the same. Describing the council hall as the best that he has seen across Karnataka, the chief minister advised the corporators to utilise it for meaningful discussions on the city's development. The city has carved a name for itself as the most sought-after city after Bangalore and Mysore with reasonably good infrastructure and basic civic amenities. Dakshina Kannada district has a reputation for having bagged several awards on the rural sanitation front, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15751466", "title": "Don't write off Lokpal agitation yet: Patkar", "text": "INDORE: Social activist Medha Patkar on Sunday said that Anna Hazare-led agitation for strong Lokpal Act may not be dead yet.\"At present one should not draw this conclusion that Anna's agitation has failed. Many people are in favour of the movement even today and they extend support to it,\" Patkar said here.\"One should wait a little before concluding that the agitation has failed.\"It would be wrong to say that Hazare's supporters had given up the fight, she said, adding that the real problem was that none of the political parties wanted Lokpal Act.\"In view of this, the rising corruption cannot be curbed by focusing only on a particular law,\" she said.Patkar, however, said Hazare's supporters should think it through before entering the electoral politics.About Sunday's protest by Arvind Kejriwal and others in front of the residence of Prime Minister on the coal blocks allocation issue, Patkar justified it, saying that a scam in allocation had indeed taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15711547", "title": "IIM-C student for study on clinical trials", "text": "A student of Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta (IIM-C) is all set to undertake a research on the clinical drug trials that have put into question mark the functioning of medical fraternity and regulatory authorities.Research scholar, Apoorv Khare intends to do a thesis on clinical drug trials in the country, especially in Madhya Pradesh, and its various aspects including regulatory procedures, current business practices, patients and organization representing the patients.Talking to TOI, he said, \"I have been closely watching the developments on the issue since long. During my work, I decided to choose it as a topic of research. It is an issue related to consumers and also involves other related issues. So, I am looking forward to it. Though it is too early, I will do comprehensive research on the topic.\"To learn about the effect of drugs trials on patients, Khare, has approached a local health activist who had joined the movement against the unethical drug trials and the regulation of clinical drug trials in the country. \"Clinical drug trials is an international issue thoroughly covered by media. Indore has been continuously named for unethical trials and local activists have in-depth knowledge on the topic. They could be of great help,\" said Khare.Khare is likely to visit Indore in October-November to interact with the patients, doctors and activists to understand various aspects and intricacies related testing of drugs on humans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15727457", "title": "Adarsh scares Kerala govt", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ricochets of Adarsh scam seem to have rocked the Kerala bureaucracy. The state revenue department has turned down a proposal by the Air Force Naval Housing Board (AFNHB), requesting land for coming up with a housing project for serving and retired Air Force and Navy personnel, citing that it may lead to Adarsh-like scams''.\"The proposal may be turned down. The AFNHB is only a housing society which is registered under the Societies Registration Act 1860. When prime land is not available even for development purposes of the state, it need not be given for such purposes. An alternative site can be located but the government need not play the role of a middle-man for locating the land, as it may lead to Adarsh-like scams,\" said the revenue department's note, accessed by the STOI.With this, fate of the ambitious project by the defence welfare organization is almost sealed.\"With the department concerned putting such an objection on record, that too expressing apprehension of another Adarsh-like scam, the housing project may not take off,'' a source said.Union minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju had on May 31, 2007, written to the then chief minister V S Achuthanandan requesting to allot at least 10 acres of land at a suitable location for the AFNHB \"to construct residential units, community facilities, sports complexes, etc., for retired Air Force and Navy personnel of your state''.Following this, the AFNHB put forward a proposal requesting the Kerala government to allot 10 acres from the 135 acres of land near Muttathara, close to the airport. Air Vice-Marshal K P Nair on June 14, 2012, wrote to the government that AFNHB was willing to pay for the land at prevailing government rates.The Muttathara land, ever since the revenue department decided to develop it for housing projects, was eyed by many governmental and semi-governmental organizations given its prime location and proximity to the airport. Though the Kerala government has already given parts of the 135-acre plot to Indian Air Force, Border Security Force and Airports Authority of India, the babus developed cold feet in the case of AFNHB alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15715748", "title": "Goans urged to back Tibet independence", "text": "PANAJI: Karma Yeshi, member of the Tibetan parliament-in-exile, appealed to Goans on Saturday to support the cause of Tibetan independence and to help in ending the region's isolation of more than 50 years.Yeshi headed a rally held in Panaji as part of the Tibetan 'Flame of Truth' signature campaign. The rally was attended by Tibetans based in Goa, as well as Goan activists and citizens supporting the cause.\"We want to obtain as many signatures as possible on our petition from India and across the world through the Flame of Truth which will be submitted to the UN.The demands include appointing an independent fact finding committee to investigate the ongoing crisis in Tibet and to end the harassment and torture of Tibetans in Tibet,\" Yeshi said.After making a stop on Saturday in Panaji at the T B Cunha hall, the Flame of Truth will travel to Vasco next.Nagesh Karmali, president of the freedom fighters' association of Goa, and Dadu Mandrekar, social activist involved in the dalit movement in Goa, also spoke at the gathering and said that Tibet was a true Buddhist state and they would be supporting the cause till the end.The Tibetan Flame Of Truth relay was launched worldwide on July 6 and has since covered nearly a dozen states in India.It aims to obtain a signed petition from the international community, which will later be submitted to the UN in New York, Human Rights Council in Geneva, and the UN information centre in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714242", "title": "Historic Kasturchand Park has a troubled present", "text": "NAGPUR: It was once a historic venue that hosted many rousing public rallies and gatherings. Today, Kasturchand Park may still retain its place as a geographical landmark, but its aura is long gone. Everything from commercial activities to bus parking has robbed Kasturchand Park and its heritage structure of its glory.Despite the fact that Kasturchand Park is situated at a prime location, it seems to occupy only a distant corner in the administration's mind. Its surface is deeply rutted, thanks to Starbuses and other vehicles plying through the ground or being parked in it. Water is logged in many parts of the ground due to the tyre tracks.Half of the ground is being used for parking of around 150-200 Starbuses since January. The parking is done without any written approval from the district administration. As a circus was occupying over half portion of the ground for a month, the parking of Starbuses was stopped. The Starbuses were again parked after the circus moved out. The parking of Starbuses during the rainy days led the ground to deteriorate to a great extent. The parking was stopped a few days back after the buses got stuck in the mud.Besides, the district administration gives permission for various commercial activities in half of the ground. Around 300 big commercial activities were allowed in the ground in the past seven years.Morning and evening walkers have stopped going to the ground. The number of children and youths playing in the ground has reduced to a great extent over the years. Now 10-15 children may also not be witnessed playing in the ground which otherwise used to be occupied entirely by the players especially in the evening.The periphery of the ground is unclean and marred with garbage , tall grass and shrubs. It is even used as an open toilet. The three entrance gates do not have any security guards.Taxis also operate from the ground in the daytime. Snack vendors are commonly seen in many parts of the ground. The compound wall constructed a few years ago too is damaged at many places. The district administration which is earning from the ground is not taking any initiative for its upkeep.Collector Saurabh Rao told TOI that the public works department (PWD) has been assigned to monitor the civic works of the ground. \"Inspection will be done if there are any problems at the ground. The parking of Starbuses was allowed for just three-four days in January. I have no idea about continuation of parking of Starbuses. Action will be taken if found any Starbus is found parked in the ground,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720532", "title": "Laptop thief who targeted bachelors, techies nabbed", "text": "CHENNAI: A man trying to steal a laptop from a school employee in Semencherry was caught by passersby and handed over to police on Saturday. Police seized a total of 23 laptops from him.Police said Siddique of Netaji Nagar in Pulianthope mainly targeted bachelors and stole electronic gadgets.On Saturday afternoon, Vivek, 36, an employee of a private school in Semencherry, was returning home when Sidddique snatched his laptop and tried to escape. Hearing Vivek's screams, passersby caught hold of Siddique and handed him over to police. During interrogation, he said he stole electronic gadgets from bachelors and software professionals.Police are now investigating whether Siddique was an accomplice of Balaji, 25, of Tondiarpet who was arrested on Thursday and who too used the same operandi as Siddique.Investigations have revealed Balaji often targeted houses of bachelors and software professions living in rented houses in residential localities along the ECR. He would enter a house saying the landlord had sent him to carry out some maintenance work and steal any electronic gadget he found.Police seized nearly 300 laptops that he had stolen from several parts of the city and suburbs over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722170", "title": "Hangal not responding to treatment", "text": "MUMBAI: Veteran actor A K Hangal's condition continues to remain critical. The 98-year-old actor who was admitted to Asha Parekh hospital about nine days ago has stopped recognizing people. His son Vijay Hangal said, \"His condition worsened on Saturday and is not responding to us at all.''Hangal, who has been ailing for almost two years, had to be admitted to hospital after he had a fall at home and broke his hip bone. His son Vijay said, other complications started after admission. I cannot see him suffer anymore.''Bollywood came to Hangal's rescue and offered him financial support after his ill health and financial problems were reported in the media. The actor's doctor Jayesh Desai said, \"Hangal is sinking. His health is going from bad to worse as his lungs have collapsed but we have been continuing medication.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716024", "title": "Three arrested with fake currency notes", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police crime branch have arrested three men and seized 12 fake currency notes of Rs 1,000 denomination.The arrested are Taufiq Shaikh (19) of Ganesh peth, Nikhil Jain (19) of Ghorpade Peth and Sureshkumar Das (21) of Mumbai. A police team headed by senior inspector Sunil Deshmukh took Shaikh and Jain into custody on Friday afternoon. Police seized six notes from Shaikh and another four from Jain. They said the notes were given to them by Das to exchange them with real notes in the market againstwhich they would get a commission. Two more fake notes were seized after Das was taken into custody on Saturday.Shaikh was earlier arrested on July 5 in a vehicle theft case. Jain assists his father in a grocery shop while Das runs a cassette shop in Mumbai. Das told police that he received the notes from one of his regular customers at his shop. They were remanded in police custody till August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722312", "title": "No-heartbeat man lives as docs bypass red tape", "text": "MUMBAI: He was walking down a Powai road on a work assignment about 10 days ago when, out of the blue, Nikhil Pawar (name changed) suddenly began to feel breathless. The young, 35-year-old had never experienced breathlessness before, probably why he hailed an autorickshaw and asked the driver to take him to any hospital. It was his presence of mind that saved his life as he suffered a cardiac arrest almost immedately upon reaching the hospital. What is more, the doctors began his treatment without waiting for pape-r-work or even identifying him.The autorickshaw driver had rushed Pawar to Dr L H Hiranandani Hospital.\"I had been suffering from a little heaviness in the chest because of cold since three days. I was not even on medication,\" said Pawar, who works in an import-export firm.Before the rickshaw driver and the hospital security guards could help Pawar to a stretcher, he collapsed.Without waiting for any formalities, Pawar was wheeled to the casualty department and his ECG was immediately done. The doctors did not find a heart beat. \"He had suffered a cardiac arrest. It was fortunate that he got it in the hospital itself. The doctors revived him with an electric shock,\" said Dr Rahul Gupta, consultant interventional cardiologist at the hospital.The doctors, though, found that Pawar was still showing electrical rhythm abnormality. Dr Ganesh Kumar, chief interventional cardiologist, said Pawar was not ready to under-go an angioplasty as he could not afford one in the hospital. \"We realized that if we transferred him to another hospital, he would not have been able to make it alive,\" said Dr Kumar.\"There was a 100% blockage in the main artery of the heart. We aspirated the clot and remo-ved the block,\" added Dr Gupta.\"The hospital has assured me that I will not have to pay if I can't,\" said a beaming Pawar, who was discharged after a two-day stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15717346", "title": "Man arrested for alleged attempt to rape 4-year-old", "text": "GURGAON: Police have arrested a 20-year-old man for allegedly attempting to rape a four-year-old girl. After the medical examination of the victim, police handed her over to her kin. Police have produced the accused in a city court and he has been sent in 14 days' judicial custody.According to police, the victim's father had lodged a complaint with DLF I police on Friday night against one Keshav Vishwas, who is a resident of same locality. An FIR has been lodged in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710743", "title": "State ready for UID Phase 2: CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar assured the state's support for the second phase of UID project, expected to commence this October. After the completion of this phase by March 2013, 3.91 crore persons across 21 districts will be covered.Under Phase 1, 1.41 crore citizens, 23% of the state's population across 16 districts, were covered. Under the Aadhaar umbrella, citizen-centric services will be launched across pilot districts of Tumkur, Mysore and Dharwad.Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) chairman Nandan Nilekani had a closed-door meeting with the chief minister here on Saturday to check the state's preparedness for Phase 2.\"The chief minister has assured Nilekani the state would give all required support for successful conduct and completion of the project. The CM said his government was ready to release the state's share of funds for the project,'' said an official at the CM's secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15727470", "title": "Rains to persist in September in Himachal, say met officials", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The meteorological department has forecast that heavy rains might extend to September. If this happens, losses in crores to private and public property could increase further. Severe thunderstorms have left hundreds homeless and these people are either staying in relief camps or at their relatives' place.Nine houses and 11 cowsheds were damaged in Bilaspur and roads washed away, causing excessive damages, officials said. Around 20 families of Kangra are staying in relief camps and are depending on tarpaulin as shelter. Kangra deputy commissioner K R Bharti said: \"The SDMs were allotted grants for relief operations. Dharamshala got Rs 35 lakh, Dehra SDM was allotted Rs 50 lakh, Rs 30 lakh to Palampur SDM, Rs 25 lakh to Nurpur and Rs 20 lakh each to SDMs of Kangra, Baijnath and Jawali.\"Dehra SDM S K Prashar said 14 families were shifted to safer area as land was sinking in Lagroo village. People are now working hard to protect their cattle.\" Roads in Chamba were nearly destroyed due to rubble everywhere. JCB machines and trucks are stationed on national highways connecting Chandigarh-Manali, Pathankot-Mandi and Kangra Chandigarh.However, officials at the Agriculture Research and Extension Centre said heavy rains benefit paddy but could ruin pulses, maize and oilseed crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717566", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation removes hoardings, slaps fine", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Saturday carried out a drive in the city and removed all hoardings, banners and posters related to student union polls. A total of 29 big hoardings, 55 small and big boards, and around 193 bill boards were removed from the city. The nagar nigam officials also imposed a fine to the tune of Rs 3,86,835 on as many as 11 students.The officials imposed a fine of Rs 37,740 on Vivek Singh 'Raja', Hemant Singh and Karunesh Dwivedi, all contesting for the posts of president. A fine of Rs 28,305 was slapped on Vinay Kumar (for the post of president), and Surya Pratap Singh (for the post of vice-president). Contesting for the post of vice-president, Abhay Pratap Singh was fined Rs 37,740 while Ajit Kumar Yadav alias Sonu Yadav (for the post of secretary) was fined Rs 28,305. Rudresh Pratap Singh alias 'Annu' and Rinku Verma were imposed maximum amount of Rs 47,175.The exercise was taken in six zones. Zone one covered the entire stretch from Bapu Bhawan to Parivartan Chowk. Zone two was near DAV Degree College, while zone three covered places like Niralanagar to Lucknow University, new Campus. Localities like Badshahnagar and polytechnic crossing were included in zone four while that from Bangla Bazar to airport were included in zone five. The Dubagga market to Chowk crossing was covered under zone six.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724470", "title": "Woman dies giving birth, kin blame doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the death of a week-old baby due to alleged negligence of doctors in GMH-16, a 36-year-old pregnant woman Manju Devi and her newborn baby died in the gynaecology ward of Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16, on Saturday. Her husband has lodged a complaint at Sector 17 police station, alleging negligence.The bodies have been kept for postmortem examination. Pawan Kumar, patient's husband, said Manju was admitted in gynaecology ward on Wednesday and was brought to the labor room on Saturday, when doctors informed them that she and her baby were no more. Pawan alleged negligence on the part of doctors, including a senior consultant, for the death of his wife and baby. \"After the baby was born she was again taken taken to the operation theatre. Some time later we were told that she was dead,\" said Pawan.However, a senior doctor with GMH-16 said Manju suffered massive epilepsy fits at the time of delivery. He claimed that attending doctors and staff tried their best to save the woman and her child but failed. SHO Ram Gopal, said, \"Postmortem would be conducted by a special panel of doctors.\"A doctor at GMH-16, who declined to be named, said, \"We have not received any complaint, but have asked the relatives for a postmortem. The family welfare department has also been asked to give mortality rate of delivery cases in the hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15727569", "title": "Keen contest on cards between Jyotiraditya Scindia and Kailash Vijayvargiya", "text": "INDORE: With just a few hours to go for the Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association poll, a close contest is expected between the two rival panels headed by Union minister Jyotiraditya Scindia and MP minister Kailash Vijayvargiya. On the eve of the polls, members of both the panels are claiming to be in a winning position.The polls are scheduled for Sunday. Last time, Scindia had defeated Vijayvargiya by a margin of 72 votes. This time, while Scindia is camping in the city for the past four days to woo the members to re-elect his panel, Vijayvargiya camp on the other hand, is leaving no stone unturned to stage an upset.The Scindia camp is hopeful of winning the poll with the same margin of vote this time as well. It is despite the fact that two Scindia loyalists, out of the 20 members whose membership were annulled failed to get an interim relief by the High Court. Moreover, two other members of MPCA, who were supposed to be Scindia loyalists, are no more. In the changed scenario, Scindia camp is relying on votes from institutional members like the Yeshwant Club.Scindia, who was busy through the day meeting members of the body, is also counting the achievements made by the body during his term. This year, the state has been well represented in under-14, under-19 and under-22 categories, said Ashok Kumat, spokesperson of the Scindia camp. Apart from it, there are five players in the IPL team from the state, he added.Maa Ahilya Devi panel, led by the state industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, is also confident about gaining power. Commenting on the member list on the panel, which was declared by the camp, a spokesman of the panel said that unlike the Scindia panel, a majority of the members of his camp are noted cricketers. While Ashok Jagdale, who is contesting the post of chairman, has represented the state in 75 Ranji matches, Vijayvargiya is contesting for president's post and his love for the cricket and the promotion of the cricketers from the state is well known, he said.Amitabh Vijayvargiya is contesting for the post of secretary's post, despite the fact that the central excise and customs department in Nagpur, where he is currently working as office superintendent, has not allowed him to take part in the poll. He said, he was ready to face any action by his department for not following the office's directives.Three candidates from Maa Ahilya panel who are contesting for the post of vice president, include Subodh Saxena, Beheram Bhamgera and Sanjeev Rao. The panel is upbeat about the poll results. The camp claims to have support of all the 27 members, comprising cricketers that had formed a third front in the previous poll. As such, the fight within the two camps is likely to be for a few votes that will play a decisive role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15718111", "title": "Azam, Akhilesh ties take a downturn", "text": "LUCKNOW: Is the ongoing cold war between Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and senior cabinet minister Azam Khan heading for a flashpoint? Though the two leaders have refused to admit or deny reports of strained relations, the corridors of power are abuzz with murmurs of how a showdown seemed inevitable lest the party leadership intervened.The differences came out in the open when the CM nominated health minister Ahmed Hasan as a member of the three-member committee authorized to appoint state information commissioners. Despite the practice of nominating the senior most cabinet minister, the CM nominated Ahmed Hasan who is politically much junior to Azam. This was interpreted as a result of the increasing differences of opinion between the two.Before this, it was the issue of penal action against the Lucknow municipal commissioner on charges of negligence that brought the difference between them to public domain. On August 15, Azam, who holds the charge of urban development ministry, ordered suspension of N P Singh after he found heaps of garbage dumped on either sides of the road leading to the official residence of the CM apart from a number of other important locations in the state capital. However, Azam's orders apparently landed in the cold storage after the CM reportedly refused to even transfer Singh out of Lucknow, not to talk of suspension.This was said to be the only reason why Azam's absence was conspicuous during the roza iftar hosted by the chief minister at his official residence on August 16, despite Azam being projected as the Muslim face of the SP. Though Azam refused to comment on reports of strained relations with the CM when questioned about it at a press conference on Thursday, he did respond to the reason behind the delay in action against Singh. \"Ab woh pehle se behtar kaam kar rahe hain .... isliye (He is performing better than before ... this is why ...),\" he said.Earlier, on July 26, Azam took everyone by surprise when he wrote a letter to the CM offering to resign from the cabinet and other political posts, after he was unceremoniously removed from the post of minister in-charge of Meerut district. The letter stated that if he was not capable if discharging his duties as minister in-charge of Meerut then he was willing to step down from the post of minister in-charge for Ghaziabad and Muzaffarnagar as well and also from the cabinet berth.Azam's offer to resign was seen as a direct result of reports that Meerut was taken away from his charge at the instance of minister of state for labour Shahid Manzoor, three-time MLA from Meerut. Manzoor is a known associate of Maulana Ahmed Bukhari who is turn has been at loggerheads with Azam over donning the crown of being the leader of the Muslim community within SP. Azam hence saw his removal from the post of in-charge of Meerut district as an attack from Bukari, Azam offered to quit.Azam's move left the CM cornered, more so when the former questioned the source through which an official confidential communication between a minister and his chief minister, was leaked out to the media. The issue was resolved after party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav intervened and Meerut charge was restored to Azam with immediate effect.Senior leaders in the party insist that it is again time for Mulayam to settle the issues before the situation turns embarrassing for the Samajwadi Party and its government in UP in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717375", "title": "H1N1 sprouts in several UP districts, 5 new cases reported", "text": "LUCKNOW: Swab samples of two suspected persons from Kanpur and two others from Lucknow tested positive and confirmed H1N1 infection at the microbiology lab of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences on Saturday. Besides this, a suspected case of swine flu was also referred from Gonda district hospital to Trauma Centre of King George's Medical University. Later on, it was found that he was suffering from H1N1 infection. Swab samples from Bareilly and Sultanpur are also awaiting confirmation at the SGPGIMS lab.Speaking to TOI, head of microbiology department, SGPGIMS, Prof TN Dhole said, \"We received 10 samples on Friday and found that four of them tested positive for H1N1 infection.\" The new cases have taken the state's total count of swine flu positive cases to 14. He added that while two of these patients were natives of Lucknow's Telibagh area, the others hailed from Kanpur. He also informed that some samples from Bareilly and Sultanpur were also awaiting confirmation.\"This means that the virus is present in other districts as well and effective measures need to be taken to check the spread of disease, as the virus gets more virulent in post-monsoon period,\" Dhole asserted.Regarding the swine flu case from Gonda, chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav said, \"The person has been identified as 76-year-old Motilal.\" However, the CMO reiterated that there is there is no need to worry. \"People should not panic because of new cases coming in. We are prepared to face the crisis if any,\" claimed Dr Yadav, and added that instructions have been issued to various hospitals regarding management of swine flu infection. \"The hospitals have been told to keep isolation wards ready and set up collection centres. The stock of medicines and masks is also in place,\" said the CMO.In another development, the health department is organising a work shop on swine flu to apprise medical officers and physicians on identification and management of the disease. \"Based on the severity of symptoms, the disease has been divided into three categories by the health ministry. It is essential to inform health officials about this classification, so that the disease doesn't trigger panic,\" said a health official.Meanwhile, experts stress that prevention is simpler than management of the disease. \"Following simple hygienic practices such as washing hands with soap can check spread of viral diseases to a significant extent,\" said Prof Dhole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15710923", "title": "Plantation drive in Alaknanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: In view of the depleting green cover in the city, an initiative was taken up by Union sports and youth affairs minister Ajay Maken , along with Chittaranjan Park councillor, Virender Kasana, and the residents, involving planting of saplings at Jahanpanah forest, Alaknanda.DDA and the municipal corporation will plant more trees in every park under their jurisdiction. Maken announced that DDA will plant 7000 plants in Jahanpanah forest, including trees like neem and peepul. \"We had been planting trees in this forest for last the 11 years and this forest is the area where we have maximum trees,\" said Maken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "15725727", "title": "Mob ransacks Kahalgaon railway station", "text": "BHAGALPUR: Massive public protest was witnessed at Kahalgaon areas on Saturday following the killing of a 55-year-old science teacher Vilayati Singh of Sharada Pathshala. As information about Singh's killing spread in the city, the local residents came out on the roads and put up blockade on the roads and railway tracks.The protestors also went on rampage and destroyed computers and other articles at Kahalgaon railway station and government offices under Kahalgaon sub-division in Bhagalpur district. Windscreen and mirrors of several vehicles were also smashed by the rampaging crowd. Panic-stricken businessmen closed their establishments while other offices and banks also closed in view of the mob fury.Singh, a resident of Sheikhpura district, was residing in a quarter inside the school building. His body was found on the verandah of his residence early morning on Saturday. The deceased was sleeping inside the room on Friday, while his body which bore several marks of stabbing was found on the verandah of the quarter.Sources said the deceased was teaching in the school in 1990 and was staying here with his family since then, barring for a brief period, when he was transferred to Banka in 1990s. The deceased, subsequently was transferred back to the same school, said sources adding he lived with his two sons, two daughters and wife at the school quarter. Because of long association with the school and being a strict disciplinarian, the deceased commanded respect in the area, said sources.Police suspects the killing could be the work of someone very close to the family. Bhagalpur SSP K S Anupam said, \"We are looking into the motive behind the killing and soon things will be clear.\"Meanwhile, the Kahalgaon railway station officials and other offices are assessing the damage caused by the mob and are in the process of lodging FIR in this connection. The entire Kahalgaon city wore a deserted look after the rampaging crowd went into hiding when the police forces took charge and staged a flag march. Police officials are also looking into the matter whether violent protest was instigated by some political leaders in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15727572", "title": "11,513 tax defaulters owe Rs 310 crore to Indore Municipal Corporation", "text": "INDORE: A list of property tax defaulters having outstanding dues of more than Rs 50,000 prepared by Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) shows 11,513 tax defaulters owe more than Rs 310 crore. It implies that if the civic body manages to recover pending dues from big defaulters it can easily meet the target of Rs 300 crore of revenue set for 2012-13 from revenue of property tax alone.In last financial year, the civic body had collected Rs 235 crore of revenue out of which Rs 128 crore was contributed from property tax alone. The city has 3.85 lakh property tax account holders out of which only 1.8 lakh people had paid their tax in last financial years.IMC secretary Abhay Rajangaonkar said, \"Out of 3.85 lakh property tax account, only 1.8 lakh people paid tax last year. This time we are aiming to collect property tax from more than 2 lakh people,\" he said.A look at the data of big property tax defaulters reveal that even if the civic body manages to collect property tax from big defaulters of three zones, it will come up to Rs 133 crore which will be Rs 5 crore more than the total collection from property tax in last year. Zone 7 has property tax dues of Rs 44.36 crore from big defaulters, zone 11 has dues of Rs 46.30 crore and zone 12 has dues of Rs 42.25 crore.Civic body can add another about Rs 96 crore to its kitty, if it manages to collect pending dues from big defaulters in zone 8, 9 and 13. Zone 8 has pending dues of Rs 32.94 crore from big defaulters, zone 9 has dues of Rs 29.84 crore and zone 13 has pending dues of Rs 34 crore. Thus, collecting pending dues from big defaulters of just six zone of the city can pour nearly Rs 200 crore to civic body's exchequer.Defaulters having over Rs 50K duesZoneNo. of defaulters Amount1214Rs 2.60 cr2224Rs 17.17 cr3819Rs 18.27 cr44,269Rs 3.44 cr5298Rs 5.78 cr6173Rs 3.33 cr7492Rs 44.36 cr8629Rs 32.94 cr91,133Rs 29.84 cr10695Rs 18 cr11276Rs 46.30 cr122,119Rs 42.25 cr13570Rs 34 cr14369Rs 4.49 cr15826Rs 9.61 cr", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712286", "title": "Official inspects illegal occupants at Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several unions and contractors have been illegally occupying space on the GHMC headquarters premises and annexure buildings for the past few decades.GHMC additional commissioner (Estates) G D Priyadarshini on Saturday inspected offices of unions, contractors and other occupants in the ground floor of the GHMC headquarters and other surrounding areas.Later speaking to the media, the additional commissioner said GHMC contractors' association, dispensary, GHMC Karmika Sangam, Bharatiya Majdoor Sangh, APNGOs' union, AP MCH Workers' Union, Contractors' Welfare Association, drivers' prayer room, GHMC employees' cooperative society and canteen had occupied office spaces for the past decades.\"As per rules, unions and other associations had taken office space on lease for a year. The lease can be extended up to three years by the standing committee. However, in these cases they have not taken any extension and have been running illegally,\" Priyadarshini said.She said the employees' cooperative credit society had occupied several rooms when it had 4,000 members, but now there were just 500 members.She also visited the canteen, library and vigilance wing in the ground floor.She said a report on the issue would be submitted to the commissioner soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711824", "title": "Kakatiya University 'compromises' RTI activist's safety", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city-based RTI activist has accused Kakatiya University, Warangal, of leaking his personal information to a private college management, that he had been trying to get information about the varsity using the RTI route. He alleged that KU leaked his RTI queries to the college and he was being approached and intimidated by its representatives. The activist, M R Prashant Kumar, a software employee, lodged a complaint with the AP Information Commission on Friday demanding stringent action against the university authorities.Prashant said, \"A few months ago, I had filed an RTI application with Kakatiya University seeking information about Vagdevi College in Warangal, which is one of its affiliated colleges, to know if they were complying with the necessary guidelines. On Thursday morning, a person claiming to have been sent by the college management came to the address that I had mentioned in the RTI application. Since I was not there, he asked about my whereabouts and demanded to know why I wanted the information about the college. He also took my phone number. It is clear that university officials had shared my contact details with the private college.\"He also criticised the university officials for not replying to any of the six RTI applications filed by him. \"There are many colleges under KU which are running technical and non-technical courses without permission. Some private colleges have even given wrong information about their campus area only to get recognition. I just want to bring out these facts using the RTI Act,\" he said.K Sailu, registrar and PIO of KU said, \"There is no truth in these allegations as we don't share the details of RTI applicants with anyone. We have written to the private colleges asking them for the required information and they are delaying it. We have even sent them reminders recently.\"The state information commission officials said they are yet go through the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722134", "title": "X-ray technician nabbed for 'molesting' patient", "text": "MUMBAI: An x-ray technician from St George Hospital was arrested on Saturday for allegedly molesting a 50-year-old patient in the premises. The hospital handed over Sadashiv Jadhav (54) to the MRA Marg police station, which lodged an FIR. He was also suspended from the hospital.On Saturday afternoon, the victim, a resident of Cuffe Parade, came to the hospital with complaints of pain in the chest and abdomen. She was advised an x-ray examination of her chest and abdomen by the doctor. Acting hospital superintendent of St George Hospital DrJagdish Bhawani said, \"The patient was asked to lie down in an inappropriate position. The victim also alleged that he tried to touch her inappropriately\". He also confirmed this was not the first complaint against Jadhav and therefore the hospital took the strictest possible action.The victim narrated to the police how Jadhav asked her to lie down on the table in the x-ray room before asking her to remove her undergarments on the pretext that images come better. The victim told cops Jadhav kept on insisting that she remove her undergarments. The victim also alleged that when she told the technician that the x-ray was supposed to be taken in a standing position, he passed a lewd comment and told her that he knows better than the doctor.Jadhav allegedly made the victim's daughter stand outside the room. But when Jadhav asked the victim to change her position, she grew suspicious and raised a cry. Sources present in the hospital said the victim and her daughter started bashing up Jadhav and they were soon joined by the relatives of other patients.Jadhav ran out of the room and went to the casualty ward to hide. But the visitors locked him inside the casualty ward so he could not escape before the police arrived to arrest him. ictim later submitted a written complaint to the MRA Marg police, who booked him under IPC 509 (act intended to outrage modesty). He will be produced before the holiday court on Sunday.Bhawani said that he has already passed an order asking the matron that every female patient should be accompanied by a staff nurse from now onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713293", "title": "Metro bridge above Western Express Highway complete", "text": "MUMBAI: A crucial cable-stayed Metro bridge over the Western Express Highway (WEH) above Jog flyover was completed on Saturday. The bridge has been built 21m above the road level and features cable-stayed pillars of 39m height. Metro rakes will ply on the bridge, one of the highest suspended bridges for any Metro in Asia, just 6.4m above Jog flyover.With 70% of the work on a Metro bridge above the suburban railway tracks near Andheri station now complete, officers involved in the construction have heaved a sigh of relief. The bridge is likely to be completed by September-end.The cable-stayed bridge above Jog flyover was built without any support from the roads below. Specially fabricated form-travellers imported from China were used to lay the bridge's viaduct.\"The work has been completed in less than two years without disturbing traffic. It's a major achievement,\" said an official from Mumbai Metro One Private Ltd, a consortium led by Reliance Infrastructure and the MMRDA. More than 1, 20,000 vehicles ply on WEH everyday.The 183m-long bridge made up of 61 segments is supported by pillars, two Y- shaped pylons and five stayed cables passing through steel saddle frames in each pylon. Around 20 cables imported from Korea have been used. \"This is a major achievement as far as completion of viaduct is concerned.Now we can hope to hold trial runs early next year,\" said MMRDA spokesperson Dilip Kawathkar.On-site casting and launching of pre-cast segments was not possible because of heavy traffic round the clock and hence the construction was a challenge.\"To complete the work without traffic disruption, we used the balanced cantilever method, where segments are laid from two ends and then joined in the middle thus completing the work without any support,\" said one of the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15758319", "title": "Raza Murad: Why no A-listers at Hangal\u2019s funeral?", "text": "Raza Murad was shooting for a TV show, but the actor took a break to attend A K Hangal's funeral. However, he expressed disappointment on A-listers absence at the Pawan Hans crematorium.\"AK Hangal has worked with so many Bollywood personalities. In fact, during his good times he worked with A-listers of the industry and it was so disappointing to see none of them turned up for his funeral. I am surprised that a person, who has given 50 years to the industry, people couldn't take 50 minutes out of their schedule to salute him for the last time,\" said the actor.Raza believes that Hangal's financial crisis should act like an eye-opener for others. \"I am surprised that after working for so many years in the industry, Hangal saab had to go through financial crisis. I am shocked that he never thought about his future. With all due respect to him, I think his plight should be an eye-opener to actors and they should first think about their future,\" expressed Murad.\"Hangal saab will always be there in our heart and I am glad that the audience didn't forget him,\" concluded the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15746590", "title": "Vivan Bhatena &amp; Jayashree in Life OK\u2019s next!", "text": "More names have been added to the star cast of Beyond Dreams' new show on Life OK.Titled Apne Toh Apne Hote Hain, the show will be directed by Rajesh Ramsing and already has Aditya Redij and Mouni Roy in the lead. Now model turned actor Vivan Bhathena and Jayashree Venketaramanan (seen on shows like Beend Banoongaa Ghodi Chadhunga ) have also been roped in as leads for Apne Toh Apne Hote Hain .Both Jayashree and Mouni will be seen as sisters on the show and Aditya Redij and Vivan Bhathena play their love interests. Sources inform that the shooting will take place in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15732745", "title": "Rajguru Samman award presented", "text": "DHARWAD: The prestigious Swarasamrat Basavaraj Rajuguru Memorial National award was presented to renowned Hindustani vocalists Pandit Rajan Mishra and Sajan Mishra at a colourful function organized at Srujana auditorium here on Friday. The day also marked the 92nd birth anniversary of music maestro Pandit Basavaraj Rajguru. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa presented the award which comprises RS One lakh cash and citation. Young Prasanna Gudi, son of Hindustani vocalist Pandit Madhav Gudi and Veena Marudur, daughter of Pandit Somanath Mardur were honoured with the Yuva Puraskar which comprised Rs 25000 each and citation.Speaking on the occasion chief minister Jagadish Shettar said Dharwad was a holy place for musicians and artists as the land had produced eminent musicians, writers and academicians and the youth should be proud of the region's rich cultural heritage. He said the state government under BJP rule had given maximum impetus and financial assistance to boost cultural and literary activities and cited establishment of Folk University, Music University and several Trusts.Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa recalled that he had announced financial grant for the Pandit Basavaraj Rajguru Trust when he was the chief minister and said he would deem it a honour to present the awards to legendary musicians Mishra brothers.Rajan Mishra expressed his pleasure at being honoured at a place like Dharwad which is revered by the musicians all over the country.President of the Trust Chandrakant Bellad, member Nijaguni Rajguru and others spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15755527", "title": "Navdeep at an exhibition", "text": "Art lovers gathered at Novotel Hyderabad Airport to witness the unveiling of \"Verdant Serene\", a solo exhibition by artist Hari Srinivas. Paintings from various walks of life -- myriad hues, everyday life depictions and soul stirring, were on display.Designer Shilpa Reddy inaugurated the exhibition amidst applause. Commissioner of income tax , Parneet Sachdev and actor Navdeep were the guests of honours. Visitors were seen discussing intricacies and praised the visual experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15715164", "title": "Drunk jailbirds undergo test, but 'partner' cops escape it", "text": "PANAJI: The results of the alcohol test on the three under trials at Sada sub-jail are likely to be out by Tuesday. But no such test was conducted on their four police escorts.Sources told STOI that the letter from jail authorities to doctors (at Hospicio hospital) had ordered the blood-alcohol level test only on the prisoners. A senior police officer revealed that the jail superintendent has no powers to order tests on police constables.The officer said that if the jail guard had doubts that the police constables had consumed alcohol along with the prisoners he should have followed procedure and should have informed the SDPO, Vasco. With the SDPO's permission the police constables could have been tested along with the prisoners. When contacted, Shekhar Prabhudesai, SP, escort cell, said, \"The police have initiated an inquiry into the case and if the constables are found guilty action will be initiated against them.\"Jail sources explained the procedure they will follow once they receive the prisoners' blood-alcohol level report from Hospicio hospital. The assistant jail superintendent will conduct an inquiry and submit the report to the jail superintendent. The superintendent, in turn, will send the report to the inspector general of prisons. If it is found that the prisoners were drunk, the IG (prisons) will recommend the action to be taken against the police constables who were escorting the under trials, said sources.Repeated attempts to get a comment from the inspector general of prisons J Sarangi and home minister, in this case also the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , proved futile.Three prisoners and their four police escorts allegedly stopped by a bar while returning to the sub-jail from a court hearing on Friday. Their misbehaviour within the premises led the jail's superintendent to send them for a blood-alcohol level test initially to the Chicalim Cottage hospital, which lacked the test facility, and then on to GMC, Bambolim. The group landed up at Hospicio hospital in Margao instead where the prisoners were tested. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15711831", "title": "Sold for Rs 57k, Nagpur Municipal Corporation to buy Sonegaon lake for Rs 5.31 crore", "text": "NAGPUR: On June 21, 1974, the district administration auctioned the Sonegaon lake, spread over 40.56 acres, at Rs57,000. Now, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is preparing to acquire it at Rs5.31 crore. Significantly, it is also going to get 3 acres less.A simple arithmetic would show that the owners of the lake are all set to get 900 times what they paid for 38 years ago. The deal is a prime example how the government is toying with public money.The NMC's town planning department is preparing the proposal to acquire the lake and the standing committee will take a decision on it on Monday. The general body has already given its nod for the proposal. If the standing committee now gives it in ok, it would be forwarded to the district administration to begin the acquisition process.Raising another controversy, TH Naidu, an RTI activist, said that the area of the lake is less than the actual estimate. \"Documents reveal that the lake is spread over 40.56 acres. But the NMC prepared the proposal to acquire 15.21 hectares, which comes to only 37.56 acres. There is a difference of 2.98 acre land. Proper verification should be done or the NMC may lose the crucial portion of the lake,\" he said.The Sonegaon lake used to fall under the Senior Bhonsala Estate, erstwhile rulers of the region. It owed income tax , property tax, corporation tax and other taxes to the government. To recover it, the district administration held an auction. The sale deed of the lake was signed with the successful bidders Dr Sudha Nareshchandra Sutariya and Dr Rekha Rani Rajan Bhivapurkar on June 21, 1974.Naidu, who has been raising issues related to the Sonegaon lake for many years now, told TOI that the process of auctioning the lake was illegal. \"Norms formulated during the British period says that the water bodies may not be the property of any private players. The Supreme Court too has passed a verdict on this. The district administration should acquire the lake at the purchase price of Rs 57,000 to save public money,\" he said.The activist added that social organizations and activists have been demanding since 1980 that NMC or the district administration take the lake in their possession. \"MP, Vilas Muttemwar too has been pushing for it since 1998,\" he said.Naidu also said that the NMC officials have even prepared the proposal to issue transfer of development rights (TDR) worth around Rs 100 crore to take the lake into possession. \"An enquiry should be conducted into the entire process,\" he said.Justifying the proposal, a senior NMC official said that the estimated cost is according to the norms and just 25% of the ready reckoner value.The NMC has been spending on the maintenance of Sonegaon lake since several years. It is also spending Rs 3.24 crore for rejuvenating the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15711415", "title": "Rowdy murdered on road near Hoskote", "text": "BANGALORE: A 35-year old rowdy-sheeter was brutally done to death around 10.30am Saturday. A rival gang first ran a truck over his body and then repeatedly stabbed him to death on the Malur-Shidlaghatta road near Teniyur village in Sulibele police station limits of Bangalore Rural district.The gang reportedly came in a truck and rammed it into Mohan's car and then stabbed him as he tried to escape. Mohan alias Bodagur Mohana is a resident of Bodaguru in Shidlaghtta taluk and was running a real estate business. He was alone in the car and when the truck slammed into his car, it turned turtle. The assailants slit his throat and stabbed him before fleeing.Villagers who saw the attack alerted police. Preliminary investigation revealed that Mohan was an accused in a double murder registered by Shidlaghatta police two years ago. Two brothers identified as Manjunatha and Narasimhamurthy were allegedly hacked to death by a gang near Jathavara Gate when they were on their way to court for a property dispute case. Police arrested Mohan but he was released on bail. Police suspect rivalry over the double murder may have triggered this murder.The Sulibele police have handed over the body to his family members after the post-mortem at Hoskote Government hospital. Police said Mohan got married just six months ago. He visited his wife's village Yeshwanthapur near Malur and was returning to his village when he was attacked and killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15751423", "title": "Prince Harry deletes Facebook account", "text": "Prince Harry has removed himself from Facebook amid privacy concerns, following his naked antics in a Las Vegas suite last week.The 27-year-old royal, who is a huge fan of the social networking site and appears under the pseudonym Spike Wells, has now deleted his account after advice from his private secretary, Jamie Lowther-Pinkerton, who is heading an inquiry into the royal's trip to Las Vegas, the Daily Mail reported.Harry is said to be \"terrified\" at the prospect that further damaging images will emerge and his concerns intensified after photos of an \"even wilder\" week in the British Virgin Islands on Sir Richard Branson's private island of Necker, shortly before the Vegas weekend, were leaked to a newspaper.They were originally posted on the social networking page of one of Harry's friends , to which several hundred people had access.Harry, 27, has used Facebook for some time and had close to 400 \"friends.\" His page was protected by maximum security settings.Similar to millions of other users, he used the site to stay connected to his social circle and was updating his page as recently as last week.According to reports the prince's two best friends, Tom \"Skippy\" Inskip, 25, who joined him in Vegas, and Arthur Landon, 30, have also closed their Facebook accounts, as has one of his key Scotland Yard minders.The officer had posted a series of pictures of himself with Harry, whom he refers to in captions as Spike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15716004", "title": "22-year-old from Raia commits suicide", "text": "The body of 22-year-old resident of Raia, Stain Cardozo, was found hanging in his bedroom on Saturday morning and Maina Curtorim police who rushed to the site said that it was a case of suicide. Main Curtorim PI Gurudas Kadam said that they suspect that the deceased committed suicide late Friday night and that the police were still investigating into the motive behind the death. Police officials further revealed that they, according to prima facie evidence, the deceased committed suicide as he was depressed about some personal issues. Sources informed TOI that the deceased was in his room the previous night while his mother was in another room and that she realized what had happened when she opened his room on Saturday morning.Govt employee ends life: In a bid to cease prolonged ailment, Damu S Naik, a 56-year-old government employee from Kapileshwari-Ponda, drowned himself to death during the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. His body was found floating in a temple pond near his house on Friday morning, Ponda police said. Naik was recommended for dialysis for his prolonged kidney ailment since last year, however, he was depressed due to the ailment and the police suspect this could be a reason behind his death. Police retrieved the body and handed it over it to his family after an autopsy was conducted at the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim on Friday. A case of an 'unnatural death' was registered by the Ponda police under Section 174 of the Criminal procedure code (CrPC).Stone quarry, crusher owners hold GBM: Expressing concern over the growing instances of agitations by locals against stone quarries or sand mining in the state, the stone quarry and crusher owners in the state have highlighted the need to create awareness among the people about the importance of crushers and all other minor minerals like laterite and sand for the infrastructural development needs of the state. At the general body meeting of the All Goa Crusher and Quarry Owners Association held at Margao on Friday, the members pointed out that the agitations by locals leading to disruption of the operations in the quarries and crushers only leads to increasing the cost of the building materials. The meeting, however, adopted a resolution that all norms and rules pertaining to the operation of quarries and crushers will be strictly followed.Another Nigerian arrested for overstaying: Continuing their drive against foreigners overtaying in Goa without valid documents, the Calangute police early on Friday arrested one more Nigerian national at Saligao junction. According to the police, they were conducting routine patrolling at the Saligao junction in the early hours of August 24, when they stopped a Nigerian national, Malachy Nnambi Ugwu, who was standing suspiciously by the roadside, and asked him for his passport. When the Nigerian produced his passport, No. A00916545, the police discovered that his visa had expired on August 23, and was staying illegally in India. Ugwu was immediately taken into custody and placed under arrest after being charged with Sections 7(1)(3) of the Foreigner Order 1948, read with 14 of the Foreigners Act 1946.Further investigations are in progress. In the last four months, Malachy Ugwu is the twelfth foreigner to be arrested by the Calangute police for overstaying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15713750", "title": "'Deductions' in crop loans hurting farmers", "text": "BHANDARA: The Vainganga Krushna Regional Rural bank in the district has allegedly adopted a new method to exploit farmers. The bank is reportedly deducting Rs10,000 or more as insurance premium while disbursing the crop loan. Moreover, touts are recovering 'service charge' from farmers without issuing any receipt for the same.Under the crop loan scheme, a farmer can get finance up to Rsone lakh from nationalized, cooperative and rural banks for 12 months. The interest is paid by the central and respective state governments. After sanction, money is deposited in the farmer's loan account which can be withdrawn as per requirement. As per the Centre's order, the borrower is also given crop insurance cover under the National Agriculture Insurance Scheme. The annual premium is Rs780.30 per hectare with a 10% subsidy. In case of paddy crop, a farmer has to pay only Rs702.27 (per acre Rs280.90 only) for getting cover of Rs24,700.In July, the Tumsar branch of the rural bank disbursed crop loan to 40-45 small and marginal farmers of village Usarra. Ganesh Chotu Sharnagat, a marginal farmer who cultivates paddy on 2.5 acres, applied for a loan of Rs51,000 from the bank. However, he got only Rs36,900 after deduction of Rs10,500 as insurance premium and giving Rs3600 to touts as 'service charge'. Sharnagat said the bank had sanctioned Rs51,000 but transferred only Rs40,500 to his loan account after deducting the insurance premium. \"The bank officials also asked me to sign a form which was actually a consent letter for deducting the premium, which I was unaware of,\" he said. Later, one Sawwalahe Guruji from a nearby village Bapers approached him asking for Rs3600 for completing the loan formalities and using his influence to get the loan sanctioned. Sharnagat paid the amount but did not get any receipt for it.When contacted, manager of the Tumsar branch, Arvind Gaidhane, said that The Bank of India, the parent bank of Vainganga Krushna Regional Rural Bank, has a tie-up with Star Union Insurance company to provide insurance to farmers and the premium is deducted from the loan amount. \"It is optional and only for the benefit of farmers,\" said Gaidhane.However, chairman of Mohali Panchayat Samiti, Bhojaram Pardhi, claimed that the branch manager is aware of the situation. \"Despite filing complaints with the manager, insurance premium is being deducted. It should be deposited back to the loan account by following central government norms. The money taken by the touts should be also refunded and the bank should lodge police complaint against them,\" added Pardhi.Reportedly, Bhandara District Central Cooperative Bank has disbursed Rs160 crore as crop loan to 52000 farmers and the bank has paid Rs2.73 crore as premium for insurance cover of Rs81.83 crore as per Central Government norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "15715091", "title": "6-year-old boy crushed under school bus", "text": "OLD GOA: A six-year-old boy, studying in Class I, was crushed to death under the back wheels of the school bus that dropped him home on Saturday afternoon.Police said the bus, issued under the Indira Bal Rath scheme, had just dropped Darpan Kumar Verma at his home at Sinquerim in Divar, and was taking the sharp turn near the house, when the rear part of the vehicle hit the boy. The Sharda Niketan Primary School student fell under the back wheels and died in the ambulance on the way to hospital.Police arrested bus driver Suraj Kundaikar under the Motor Vehicles Act.Sources said Darpan's parents heard the sound of the accident and rushed out of the house only to see their son being crushed under the bus wheels. Darpan's father Ajay had taken an off from his carpentry work to take his son for the Bonderam festival in Piedade-Divar later in the day, sources said. The Vermas are natives of Jharkhand. PSI Suraj Sawant is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15719364", "title": "Absconding suspect in Velloor bomb case held", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Police have arrested Veliyanad native Senthil Kumar from Ottapalam in the Velloor detonator case on Saturday. District SP C Rajagopal said Senthil was charged under Section 4(a) and 5 of the Indian Explosive Act and Section 150 of the Indian Railways Act for attempting to wreck a train.Senthil, who drove a non-resident Keralite family to Ottapalam on Thursday, was hiding in a private guesthouse near Shoranur. Police located him by tracking his mobile phone, which he switched on at different intervals. Police found him in the attic of the guest house. He was taken to Velloor to collect evidence. Police recovered the remains of certain objects that were used to make the bomb.\"Senthil and his friend Mattom Santosh had placed the bomb on the railway track near Piravom station around Wednesday midnight. Somebody, who found the object in the morning, might have shifted it next to the signal box,\" he said. Meanwhile, police have intensified their search for Santosh. They suspect that he made the bomb that was later placed on the railway track. Police have not ruled out the involvement of more people, or any terrorist organization in the incident.Police said Senthil wanted to exact revenge from Thomas, who had assaulted him a few days ago. So he made a bomb and left some indicators that Thomas had made the bomb. He thought that police would catch Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15732561", "title": "KE Board\u2019s schools are in Platinum Jubilee mode", "text": "DHARWAD: KE Board's High School and KE Board's Higher Primary School, both located in Malamaddi in Dharwad will be completing 75 years of fruitful service and are all set to celebrate 'Platinum Jubilee' by the end of this year.To commemorate the occasion, the K E Board, in association with the K E Board's Old Students Association ( KEBOSA) has decided to take up some special works apart from a 2-day function.K E Board chairman Shrikant Patil has appealed to the past students, parents and well-wishers of the institution, who wish to extend their financial assistance, to present the same in the name of chairman, K E Board at its office in Malmaddi and collect official receipt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720921", "title": "Chennai turning into safe haven for drug smugglers", "text": "CHENNAI: Saturday's seizure of 50 lakh worth of ketamine by Chennai airport customs officials has once again reaffirmed the fact the city is turning into a safe haven for drug smugglers. In the last two months, airport officials registered six cases of drug smuggling, a record of sorts, and seized contraband worth 2.50 crore.The problem is that investigations into these cases don't go beyond the arrest of the carriers, and the kingpins continue to evade the law.Customs officials arrest the couriers and hand them over to the narcotic wing of the crime branch or the state police for further action. After that, the drug trail goes cold. \"In some cases, the carriers are also involved in arms smuggling. So we hand them over to the state agencies,\" said an airport official.Agencies reveal that in 90% of the cases, the trail begins in north Chennai, where cartels from north India sell drugs to be smuggled abroad. Cartels from Madhya Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh transport drugs into the city in trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710527", "title": "Viral fever cases spiral up", "text": "BANGALORE: Heaps of garbage coupled with the downpour have raised concern over the health of residents in the city. Cases of viral fever and dengue have gone up in past few days, say doctors.\"We are definitely seeing a rise in cases of viral fever and dengue-like fever in the past 3 days. Cases have gone up especially due to the rain, water contamination and piled-up garbage. However, on the positive side, we are seeing very few cases of malaria ,\" said Dr S Rajanna, resident medical officer, Bowring General Hospital.Dr George D'Souza, chief medical officer, St. John's Hospital, said: \"Viral fever cases have gone up in the past few days but it's normal during this season. We cannot directly attribute the rising cases of fever to the piling up of garbage as it has been happening just for the past couple of days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15714653", "title": "Jhulelal Mahotsav ends with religious fervour", "text": "KANPUR: The two-day fiesta of the Sindhi community 'Jhulelal Chaliha Mahotsav' concluded with religious fervour and gaiety here on Saturday. Hundreds of Sindhi community people took part in the Shobha Yatra taken out from P Road temple. The devotees also prepared 'Jhankis' of Lord Jhulelal in various parts of the city to mark the occasion.The main function was held at the Jhulelal temple at P road here. Members of 'Pujya Shri Jhulelal' society organised a programme at the temple, which was followed by the 'Kunari' and 'Behrana Pujan'. Hundreds of women took part in this special Puja and chanted the Bhajans in their traditional language.The locals also staged various 'Jhankis' of Lord Jhulelal and took out a religious procession in the evening. The procession passed from the main streets of the city. The people of the community also distributed 'Prasad' to all the visitors to the temple during the Mahotsava.Several quiz and entertaining competitions were also organised at the event, which attracted the locals to the Mahotsava. The people also performed their traditional Dokla dance along with Gujrati 'dandiya'.Several cultural and folk artists from all parts of the country also remained present in the 'Jhulelal Chaliha Mahotsav'.It is also said that the Jhulelal Jyoti in the Sindhi temple at P road had been ignited several years back and it was brought from Pakistan, some 65 years ago. This made this temple religiously more important for the local Sindhi community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15711452", "title": "One more grilled for MMS clips", "text": "BANGALORE: Police took one more person into custody on Saturday for sending offensive MMS clip of the Assam violence. Moosa, 32, was picked up from a two-wheeler garage in Kalasipalyam. \"We haven't arrested him. We're checking his antecedents; he's from Kerala. He is believed to have sent the MMS clips to some of his contacts in Kerala and in the city,\" a senior police officer said. On August 18, police arrested three persons in this connection. The mobiles and laptops seized from them has been dispatched to Cyber Crime Cell attached to Criminal Investigation Department (CID).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15719119", "title": "When in Kerala, speak like a Malayali", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Here is an opportunity for foreign tourists visiting the state to learn local language. All it takes is 24 hours.To make their Kerala experience more meaningful, tourists can now sign up for a two-week long programme and acquire basic communication skills in Malayalam. The medium of instruction will be English. The learning materials will be given to students free of cost.The state government's Malayalam Mission is ready with the learning materials and training modules for the course titled 'Namukku Padikkam Malayalam'.Tourists will be taught how to communicate with local people in Malayalam at places such as bus stand, railway station, hospital, post office, etc. The timing of the course will be fixed as per the convenience of the tourists.\"Our aim is to provide basic knowledge about Malayalam to tourists. The orientation programme would be beneficial to only those tourists who will stay back in Kerala at least for a couple of weeks. The programme, we think, would help foreigners to have a peek into the linguistic peculiarities of Malayalam,\" said Sajan Peter, principal secretary, cultural affairs, and director, Malayalam Mission.Requests from several tourists who visited the state in the past prompted Malayalam Mission to experiment with the idea, said Peter.To begin with, the orientation course will be held in Thiruvananthapuram. It would be extended to other parts of the state later, based on the response of the tourists and success of the programme.\"A series of advertisement campaigns on Internet would help spread the message about the learning programme. Tourism department is expected to play a crucial role in popularising the course,\" added Peter.Malayalam Mission is also planning to launch elementary and advanced Malayalam courses for foreign students interested to learn the language, people and culture of Kerala, said K Sudhakaran Pillai, registrar, Malayalam Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15740974", "title": "Jolie's secret behind glowing complexion revealed", "text": "Angelina Jolie uses a sculpting facial gel, dubbed as the 'Liquid Facelift' to maintain her youthful appearance, it has been revealed.Beauty product Dragon's Blood, works by adding essential volume to the hollow skin.It claims to plump, sculpt and lift the complexion while protecting it against ageing and reducing skin sagging.Celebrity facialist Nuz Shugaa who works with Rachel Weiz and Amanda Seyfried , as well as Jolie, said that the mother-of-six relies on the gel to maintain her youthful appearance.\"Angelina needs to keep her skin plump and hydrated to maintain the youthful radiance she is famed for,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Lack of sleep, hectic lifestyle with extensive travelling all contribute to depleted levels of hyaluronic acid - which result in the skin looking tired, dry and dull. This incredibly ageing to all women in their thirties.\"I recommended the Dragon's Blood's sculpting gel to Angelina as it gives her a dewy complexion (for appearance of sleep!) with added volume which define her beautiful high cheek bones ,\" she said.The 'Wanted' actress, who is currently preparing to marry Pitt, has apparently been using the product since February.Dragon's Blood, priced at 75 pounds, is made from the red sap of the sangre de drago tree and sold-out within minutes when it was first launched earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15709895", "title": "No respite from waterlogging", "text": "NEW DELHI: Waterlogging continued to bother Delhiites for the second consecutive day on Saturday. Many arterial roads went under water following the brief-but-heavy rain, giving the commuters a tough time.The three municipal corporations received 37 waterlogging complaints and 13 fallen tree reports. Pedestrians in Shalimar Bagh had to tread through knee-deep water while cars were seen floating on roads.The corporations and PWD are, however, not ready to take any blame. They seem to have no answer to the problem of choked drains even after spending crores of rupees over the past two years.Between 2010 and 2012, the erstwhile MCD had spent almost Rs 80 crore on procuring machinery and de-silting drains, say officials. After MCD's trifurcation, its two super-sucker machines \u2014 each worth Rs 2 crore \u2014 were given to the North and East corporations, and now the South corporation, too, is planning to buy one.Justifying purchase of such an expensive machine in spite of all 60ft roads and attached drains having been transferred to PWD, Subhash Arya, leader of the House in the South corporation, said, \"Although almost all major drains have gone to PWD, some are still with the corporation. For these, we will need the machine.\"Over the past seven days, the corporations have received more than 200 waterlogging complaints. But South Delhi mayor Savita Gupta said, \"All PWD roads were clogged and the agency is to be blamed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15724769", "title": "16-yr-old girl gangraped, strangled", "text": "MALDA: A sixteen-year-old was gangraped, tortured and then strangled to death with her own dupatta at Mathurapur on Friday. Locals found the body of the teen lying in a field - her school bag and books strewn all over the place. SP Jayanta Pal is himself leading the investigation and said prima facie it seems the victim had tried to put up a resistance.The Class-IX student left home around 3pm on Friday to go for tuition classes. \"After the tuition class got over, she called back home to inform that she will not be returning home and staying the night at a friend's place. This was a common practice and she often stayed back at her friend's house to study together and thus we did not object to it,\" said her family members.Around 6am on Saturday, the news of her death reached the family. On getting the news of her death, the girl's father, a former Army man and resident of Maraniapara, rushed to the field near the Agricultural Research Centre and identified the body to be that of his younger daughter from the kurta churidar she was wearing. The dupatta was tied around her neck and it was evident she was raped before being strangulated.The sexual violence in the home constituency of women welfareminister Sabitri Mitra has left the residents of Malda shell shocked. On getting the news, Mitra visited the victim's family and offered her condolences. She also blamed police inaction for a spurt in crime against women in the district.Though the battered girl was found early on Saturday, police from Manikchak police station reached the spot only around 10am. They retrieved the body and sent it for austopsy.Police suspect that the girl fell prey to goons while on the way to her friend's house. \"We have got some specific clues on the murder and are continuing with the investigation,\" said Pal.Women welfare minister Sabitri Mitra visited the victim's family and blamed police inaction for the spurt in crime against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15727729", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association row: Writ pleas filed, hearing today", "text": "INDORE: In a new twist to termination of membership of Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association (MPCA), 20 writ petitions were filed at Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) on Saturday late evening against the order of not giving interim relief to disqualified members. The court had not given relief to the petitioners.Matter has been put on special roster for hearing. Two senior justices of the high court Justice Shantanu Kemkar and Justice P K Jaiswal will hear the matter at the former's residence at 11.30 am on Sunday.Advocate Sanjay Mehra, former secretary high court bar association said in case of an emergency, petition can be filed even at the house of a justice and it can be admitted as well. After seeing the urgency of the case, justice can decide the time, place of the hearing and it can be Sunday as well, Mehra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15732236", "title": "Legal wrangles delayed building renovation", "text": "MYSORE: Amid urban growth, Lansdowne Building is a prized possession that authorities wanted to showcase to visitors. But it's been shrouded in legal wrangles. The two-storey structure commemorates the visit of Marquess of Lansdowne. On Saturday, it came to light that the heritage department had sanctioned Rs 75 lakh for its restrengthening and renovation but it was held up due to legal problems.\"We sanctioned the money a year ago and transferred it to MCC, which had issued the work order. But it was challenged in court and works were delayed,\" said heritage commissioner K R Ramakrishna.A heritage conservationist, who didn't want to be named, feared the building could now be declared as unfit for occupancy and pulled down. \"The MCC's inept handling has ensured it's facing the threat of demolition,\" he said. Four years ago, MCC resolved to pull down Vani Vilas Market in Agrahara and Mandi Market in Mandi Mohalla as they'd outlived their utility. \"The same fate awaits Lansdowne Building now as part of the structure has caved in,\" he stated. In April 2007, the building was proposed to be renovated with Rs 5-crore funding under the JNNURM. The project fell through as the Centre didn't approve the detailed project report submitted by the heritage department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15709971", "title": "Future bright for Indian motorsports: Narain Karthikeyan", "text": "CHENNAI: With India fast-growing into one of Asia's prominent motorsports hub, Formula One driver Narain Karthikeyan is hopeful that it won't be long before the country's racing structure matches that of any in Europe.With a round of the prestigious FIA-GT1 Championship scheduled to be held at the Buddh International Circuit in December, a month after the Formula One Indian Grand Prix, and two other international series also being hosted in the country, India is beginning to be seen as a favoured motorsports destination in the region.JK Tyre supports an Asian series with two rounds in India and MRF, on Friday, launched an upgraded single-seater car for the competitive 2012 Challenge comprising 10 races over four rounds that kicks off as a support race to the Indian GP.\"It already resembles a European country,\" Karthikeyan, who drives for HRT, told the TOI. \"It took me 12 years to progress from FISSME (single-seater class in the National racing championship) to Formula One,\" said path-breaking Karthikeyan, who became India's first F1 driver in 2005 and remains the only one to have scored points. \"Obviously one wouldn't want to compare eras,\" said the 35-year-old driver from Coimbatore. \"Those were different times and mine was an exciting journey. But with the kind of opportunities that are available in the country currently a driver's progress can certainly be a lot faster,\" he added.The MRF F-2000 car that Karthikeyan launched on Friday by driving it around a city mall is powered by a 210 BHP two-litre Renault-Sport engine and the ace driver said that the car was on par with any of the global Formula 3 series. \"I know for a fact this will be the fastest one-make series in Asia,\" said Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15714909", "title": "Maharashtra Pollution Control Board gives notice to civic body on compost plant row", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has issued a notice to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on the compost plant row. The notice issued on Thursday has asked the civic body to renew the bank guarantee of Rs 10 lakh till it complies with the directives of the former.The NMC is yet to comply with two directives issued by the MPCB to rectify the improper operation of the compost plant at Pathardi. Last October, a large number of fish was killed by the water that trickled to the Waldevi river from the leachet treatment unit of the compost plant through canals.After noticing discrepancies in the functioning of the compost plant, MPCB officers visited the plant and issued an interim notice to the NMC, asking them to adhere to the norms and make necessary changes within a year. The NMC is yet to follow directives proposed direction on October 31, 2011 and interim direction on November 30, 2011.The MPCB had asked the NMC to make the construction of the leachet tank permanent in a year's time and to make arrangements for the drainage of the leachet plants in their premises. The MPCB had also asked them to operate the biogas plant regularly and to produce energy from the waste.NMC officials said that they had submitted the first compliance on December 14, 2011 and a subsequent one on January 23, 2012. They said that all the directives were followed except the conversion of energy from waste and the permanent construction of a bandhara (check dam) to stop the flow of leachate. The NMC had given a bank guarantee of Rs 10 lakh last December.\"Since the NMC has not done the needful, we have issued another notice on Thursday to the NMC that it renew the bank guarantee,\" said A S Fulse, regional officer of MPCB, Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713175", "title": "Retelling the rich heritage of Kathak, and its guru", "text": "JAIPUR: It was an evening which left the audience spellbound. The occasion was the third edition of the 'Desert Souls' event at ITC Rajputana. Guru Girdhari Maharaj was in conversation with Kathak danseuse, Prerna Shrimali.Girdhari Maharaj, the principal heir of traditional Kathak dance from the Gharana of Jaipur reminisced about his early life in a village near Reengus and their family won the patronage of the erstwhile royal family of Jaipur.Maharaj recalled that no special efforts were made for 'riyaz' (practice) for dance and music and song were in the blood. And that was all what the family members were doing throughout the day.To a question, Girdhari Maharaj replied that he was all for promoting women in the arena of Kathak and other forms of dance. In fact, he had taken the initiative of teaching his own sisters this art form at a time when it was looked down upon for the women to take up dance. He said it was indeed a matter of satisfaction that women were doing so well in dance and other art forms. In fact, the entire younger generation, both boys and girls, were good learners and were giving impeccable performances.The conversation was interspersed with scintillating short performances of various nuances of the Kathak dance by Namita Jain for which the recital was done by Girdhari Maharaj himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15721924", "title": "Less crime against women in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When Sukanya (name changed) approached the police to register a complaint against her husband on a routine basis, the police advised her to lodge a case under the Domestic Violence Act. But the victim was more interest to file the case under 498 A of IPC alleging that she had been facing cruel behaviour by her husband for the past 12 years.If one goes by the data revealed by the NCRB ( National Crime Record Bureau), a total of 92 cases of cruelty by husband and relatives under Section 498 A of IPC were registered in police records in Allahabad in 2011. Apart from cruelty, a total of 186 cases of incidences of crime committed against women were also lodged in the district in the same year.The NCRB record shows that Kanpur had registered highest 895 cases of crime committed against women followed by Lucknow (842), Agra (837) and Varanasi (135).Records claim that Agra with 837 cases stood 6th rank across the nation while Allahabad, Kanpur, Lucknow and Varanasi stood 35th, 16th, 18th and 46th rank respectively as far as rate as per total cognizable crimes was concerned.Here, police officials candidly claim that fairer sex is well aware about rights especially Dowry Act, but they had a brief knowledge about domestic violence act. Most of the victims (women) insist police to lodge their cases under 498 A of IPC asserting that Dowry Act may be more influential to teach a lesson to their errant husbands.\"According to provisions of the act, if the police during the course of investigations gets enough evidences that the incident is under the purview of Domestic Violence Act, it can directly register a case and file charge-sheet accordingly,\" said a cop.The fact is that dowry act can bring back the rights of the victims. But, for this, people should have adequate knowledge to get their rights. The police department, however, claims that they have been apprising the victims about the importance of domestic violence Act also. But the flip side of the story is that there are many like Sukanya who are least interested to know the real strength of Domestic Violence Act but insist police to lodge case under 498 A of IPC.Pushpa (name changed) was thrown out of the house along with two children by her husband and it took near about three years to rule that she has the right to reside in her residence but her husband sold the house. When she again resisted, the law enforcement agency was not able to offer any sort of help claiming that the owner has a right to sell the house.\"When a woman comes to a police station and wants to complain against her husband's routine torture, she simply asks to lodge an FIR under Dowry Act,\" said an ASP rank official adding that the victims even don't want to listen about Domestic Violence Act suspecting that their case would be weak if they go by it. However, the police department are now geared up to aware fairer sex about the importance of Domestic Violence Act and cops have been instructed to apprise the victims about it and lodge cases under the same act if women (victims) complain about regular harassment or torture within four walls.A section of police officials claim that victims very often don't want to know about the Domestic Violence Act, and insist the officials to lodge their case under Dowry Act as they have some misconceptions. Victims prefer to get their cases registered under 498 A of IPC instead of lodging it under appropriate Sections. So, there is need to create public awareness to guide victims. Pointedly, Domestic Violence Act, is a good law but has been rendered useless. There is an urgent need to aware women about the importance of the Act that if they are facing routine torture or harassment from their husbands or some other person in the family they can register their case under the DV Act, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15740703", "title": "Kristen Stewart likes to be scared", "text": "Kristen Stewart has admitted that she likes to be \"scared\" and enjoys it when she feels her life is out of control.The star whose four-year relationship with Robert Pattinson fell apart after she cheated on him with her 'Snow White and the Huntsman' director Rupert Sanders, claimed that she loves the excitement being an actress brings.\"I just really am trying, trying, all the time. But I like to be scared. I love to suddenly feel out of control,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling US Weekly before the cheating scandal.\"Actors walk around wearing these little tool-belts of acting skills. And I just don't find that interesting to watch. I never want to see someone who clearly can cry at the drop of a hat,\" she said.The 'Twilight Saga' beauty also confessed that when she's working, she is so preoccupied with the shoot that she forgets to do even every day things.\"I'm like, bursting. I should be working. I don't want to take a break. It's funny, on set, I don't have to go to the bathroom, I don't have anything wrong, I'm perfectly fine, so through-and-through. I'm not hungry. I'm literally not even in my own body. They wrap and they send me back to my trailer and I f**king fall to pieces. I suddenly realize that I've had to pee for six hours. And I'm starving,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15718767", "title": "Woman attacked by robbers", "text": "VARANASI: Seema Dixit, a native of Rakhi Nevada village, under Jansa police area, sustained serious injuries when robbers attacked her inside her residence in a robbery bid on Friday night.Seema, whose husband is a truck driver in Gorakhpur, was sleeping inside her residence with son Lalit and daughter Neha. Her mother-in-law was staying at the house of her elder son, located at some distance from the house. After midnight, six robbers climbed up the terrace to enter her house. One of the miscreants stayed at the terrace while other came down. They robbed ornaments of Seema at gunpoint. After it they sought keys of the almirah. Seema succeeded in dodging the robbers by asking them to allow her to go on terrace for bringing the keys. After reaching the terrace she raised an alarm. Sensing danger, the robber resent on roof hit her head with an iron rod and all them fled from the scene. On hearing her cries the villagers and relatives of Seema reached the spot and rushed her to Deen Dayal Upadhyaya district hospital, where her condition was stated to be serious.Motorcycle looted: Miscreants looted the motorcycle of Prem Prakash on gunpoint in Marui, under Cholapur police area on Saturday. A youth sought lift from Prem when he was going on his motorcycle. When he was passing through Marui area, the accomplices of the youth stopped Prem and took away his motorcycle.When the body decomposed and foul smell spread in the village, the villagers reported the matter to the police on Saturday morning. When the police broke open Vindhyavasini's house, the decomposed body of Rajesh was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15715046", "title": "BJP promise fails to keep its date with Lokayukta", "text": "PANAJI: Leave aside its promise of a Lokayukta within 100 days of government-formation, 100 days after the President of India assented to Goa's Lokayukta bill, the five-month-old BJP government is still hemming and hawing over the status of the anti-corruption ombudsman.The Goa Lokayukta bill received former president Pratibha Patil's nod on May 14. A day later, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"The Goa Lokayukta will be a reality in the next three months.\" 100 days later, there's no sign of who the Lokayukta will be.But leave aside a name, activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) say even the process of selecting the Lokayukta is yet to begin.Satish Sonak, former chief coordinator of IAC, Goa, told STOI, \"The chief minister should have written to the chief justice of the Bombay high court on the issue of the Lokayukta's appointment. From what I know, this is yet to be done.\"To the argument that the chief justice could be written to once the rules of the Goa Lokayukta Act are approved by the government, Sonak said both procedures could have been started simultaneously.Sources told STOI that the rules were framed over two months ago by the law department. \"The government should have notified the rules and placed them before the recently-held monsoon session of the Goa assembly,\" said Sonak.Parrikar, to a query recently, had said that the Goa Lokayukta should be functional by September-end. To this, Goa IAC coordinator Valmiki Naik said, \"We will wait and see.\"Sonak who has done a lot of groundwork for pushing the Lokayukta bill in Goa, said Parrikar seems to be deliberately going slow on setting up a Lokayukta. He also felt that the government's pronouncement of zero tolerance to corruption is \"mere lip service\".\"Lokayukta should have been Parrikar's top priority. The chief minister appears to being having zero priority towards tackling corruption,\" said IAC activists who are waiting for an appointment with the CM since March, when Parrikar became chief minister.The activists are seeking an amendment to the Uttarakhand Lokayukta bill model. \"We have sought appointments. Appointments given from time to time were postponed,\" Sonak said. \"We are of the firm view that the Goa Lokayukta bill should incorporate an amendment on the lines of Uttarakhand Lokayukta bill to bring more transparency in the selection process of the Lokayukta. The BJP had promised this in its manifesto in the assembly elections. And now they are talking a different language,\" said Sonak.Parrikar recently said that any amendment can be recommended only after reviewing the functioning of the body. The amendments would be done taking into confidence the sitting Lokayukta.\"We are trying to get an appointment with the chief minister to submit our memorandum,\" Naik said. The memorandum would primarily be on the pre-poll promise given to the IAC by the state BJP that the Goa Lokayukta bill will be amended on the lines of the Uttarakhand Lokayukta bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15725117", "title": "U-19 Cricket World Cup: Ludhiana cheers for boys in blue", "text": "LUDHIANA: As arch rivals India and Australia fight for the U-19 Cricket World Cup title miles away at Tony Ireland Stadium in Townsville, Australia, on Sunday, the city's young fans are extending their support to the Indian colts. The match is scheduled for 5am IST on Sunday morning.Many say it would be an early Sunday as they switch on the TV sets to watch the boys in blue in action.The team includes three young guns from Punjab \u2014 Prashant Chopra from Chandigarh, Kamal Passi from Amritsar and Sandeep Sharma from Patiala. This trio from the region has added to the enthusiasm of local fans.\"We are supporting the boys as we want them to create history by beating Australia on their own soil to get the World Cup home. The anticipation for an India-Australia final was high and we are all set to witness the exciting clash,\" said Dugri resident and a student Harkirat Singh, 21, who planned to watch the match with his family.Another cricket enthusiast from Dugri Udaypal Singh said unlike most Sundays, he would wake up early this one to watch the final. \"I do not want to miss even a single ball. The bowlers have performed well in the World Cup so far and I have hopes from Kamal Passi and Sandeep Sharma in the final,\" he added.\"Chopra is playing really well and is the highest Indian scorer with 172 runs. If he stays on the crease for first 25 overs, then the match would be in our favour. With three Punjabi players on the field, it would be like a battle between Punjab and Australia,\" said MBA student Maheshwari Rai of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713196", "title": "Jaipur girl comes 3rd in CS exams", "text": "JAIPUR: Nidhi Jain of Jaipur has bagged the third position in India in company secretary (CS) examinations, the result of which was announced on Saturday. The exam is conducted by the Institute of Companies Secretary of India. Pursuing BCom from Maharani's College, Nidhi attributed her success to her parents and teachers for their guidance in attaining this position. \"I never expected to be in the top five in a national level exam,\" said an elated Nidhi.Nidhi has been an outstanding student throughout and had scored 92.6% both in class X and XII exams. She passed the Integrated Professional Competence Course (IPCC) exam in her first attempt in 2012. She has also won many competitions in school and inter-school competitions.Fond of music and gardening, Nidhi never misses any of Shah Rukh Khan's movies. \"Shah Rukh is my favourite hero. I have watched all his films several times,\" said Nidhi whose favorite movie is 'Kal Ho Na Ho'. \"I love to watch cricket but don't like to play,\" said Nidhi, who is aspiring to become a chartered accountant. Her success mantra is work hard and keep one's cool during exams. \"This success has brought me one step closer to my dreams. I will engage myself in social work in later stages and want to work for the society,\" Nidhi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712190", "title": "SC/ST special plan to get statutory status", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday said his government would give a statutory status to the special component plan for SCs/STs and ruled out any cuts in the allocated funds for SCs.The chief minister said this was not vote-bank politics. \"We are working for the uplift of the downtrodden. This is only a beginning,\" the CM said here on Saturday, after receiving a report of the cabinet sub-committee on SC/ST sub-plan.Kiran said a special session of the state legislature would be convened soon to discuss the report of the sub-committee headed by deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarasimha.Praising the report, the CM said, \"It has opened a new chapter in the state history. Though the special component plan has been in place for SCs and STs, it has never been implemented properly and the funds were never fully spent.\" Kiran said the government would now give a legal status and see to it that the allocated funds for SCs were spent fully.Under the SC Plan, the government had made a budgetary allocation of Rs 8,657 crore and Rs 4,060 crore under the ST plan in the 2012-13 budget.Sources said the cabinet would first consider the sub-committee report followed by a special session of the legislature.Kiran said though they would face problems in implementing the SC/ST plans, the government was confident of overcoming the glitches by continuous monitoring and fine-tuning the scheme.He said the focus of the special component plan would be on improving education and medical facilities of SCs/STs. \"We also hope to generate more employment opportunities under the plan,\" he said.Earlier, Rajanarasimha said they prepared the report after four months of exercise. He said the report also focused on girl child education. Ministers J Geeta Reddy, Dokka Manikya Varaprasad, S Sailajanath, Kondru Murali, Balaraju, Erasu Pratap Reddy and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15709280", "title": "Always believed I would get another chance: Kamran Akmal", "text": "COLOMBO: Kamran Akmal's career can be the subject of a spy thriller. The destructive wicketkeeper-batsman from Pakistan is equally adept at self-destruction. After the nadir of match-fixing allegations, Akmal's career seems to be back on track again after being named in Pakistan's World T20 squad. Currently playing for the Wayamba United in Sri Lanka Premier League, Akmal has scored 191 runs in just 4 matches with a highest of 79 and occupies the top spot in the batting charts. Excerpts:How does it feel to be selected in Pakistan's World T20 squad?Even during the darkest hours, I always believed I would get another chance to represent my country. By god's grace, that wish has now been granted. The SLPL came along at the right time for me. Thanks to it and Wayamba United, I have been able to prepare well for the upcoming World T20. I hope to carry my form into the tournament.How did you cope with the situation after being dropped?I slogged at the National Academy in Lahore for 18 months. I have been playing club cricket. Whether or not I am playing for Pakistan, I have been actively involved the game. Now that the chance has come, I hope to prove my worth. Staging a comeback in international cricket is not easy but I am confident as I have worked hard.How did you cope with the match-fixing allegations?I have never cared about what was being written in the media. My family, especially my brothers, were a big help. They understood what I was going through. My local club, Model Town, also supported me because they believed I was innocent. I kept myself busy playing local cricket. I also played in the Bangladesh Premier League for Sylhet Royals.What are Pakistan's chances in World T20?It is hard to pick favourites in this format but I honestly think we have a very good chance. We have the talent, commitment and the intent. Whether or not we win it, we will play quality cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714555", "title": "24-year-old youth hacked to death", "text": "NAGPUR: Two youths hacked 24-year-old Badal Choudhary to death over an old rivalry. Badal was acquitted just seven months back in a murder case. Many witnessed as the assailants killed Badal in Ghasiaripura, in Lashkaribagh area under the jurisdiction of Pachpaoli police station on Saturday afternoon.Badal's killers Sonu Jarunde (23) and Shailesh Meshram (24) were arrested within two hours of the murder. The duo confessed that they had initially planned to kill Badal on Friday itself. But did not get a chance. So the assailants decided to kill Badal on Saturday. Badal and Shailesh were resident of Ghasiaripura area.Preliminary investigations revealed that Shailesh had planned to eliminate Badal to avenge his elder brother Naresh's murder. According to the police records, Badal and his two family members were booked for their alleged involvement in Naresh's murder in 2005. Naresh was killed over a trivial fight between the Meshram and Choudhary family.Following his involvement in Naresh's murder, Badal was sent to remand home for six months and later released on bail. He was acquitted by the court a couple of months back. Though the two families had tried to buy peace, Shailesh continued to harbour hatred for Choudhary family.On Saturday afternoon, when Badal was busy gambling with his friends, Sonu and Shailesh reached the spot and started hitting him. Badal was left alone to fight as his friends fled. Sonu stabbed Badal on the back. As he collapsed, Shailesh smashed Badal's head with a huge stone.Badal succumbed to the injuries even before the cops reached the spot. Though Sonu and Shailesh fled the spot immediately, cops managed to nab them within two hours of the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "15725807", "title": "Girl's body found, family alleges rape", "text": "BARRACKPORE: The stripped body of a 12-year-old differently-abled girl, who went missing on Thursday, was pulled out of Hooghly river in Sodepur on Friday night. Family members of the girl suspect the victim, whose body bore several injury marks, was raped and then murdered. They lodged a complaint at Noapara police station on Saturday. Cops could not ascertain the actual cause of death till reports last came in.Tumpa Biswas, the victim, moved to her maternal uncle's house in Garulia after her mother Beauty fell ill some months back. On Thursday afternoon, she went to play at the Garulia ghat near her house. Some local residents had last seen her sitting on the stairs of the ghat.\"When I went to the ghat to take her to home later in the day, I could not find her. Then we started looking for her at the locality but she could not be traced anywhere. We lodged a missing diary with Noapara police station on Thursday night,\" said Alpana Das, the girl's grandmother.On Friday, the family members conducted a search operation in a motorised boat in Hooghly river and found her body floating at Panihati Ghat near Sodepur. \"She was stripped and several deep injury marks were found on her head, shoulder and neck. Cigarette burn marks were also found on several portions on her body. She was raped and murdered. Later her body was dumped in the river,\" alleged Jyotsna Das, the girl's aunt.Police are, however, yet to ascertain the cause of her death. \"The body was partially decomposed and it is difficult to say whether there were injury marks on the body. We have received a complaint and an investigation has already been started in this connection. We are also waiting for the postmortem report to know the exact cause of her death,\" said Suvankar Bhattacharya, additional deputy commissioner of Barrackpore.The incident comes just three days after the body of Sohini Paul, a schoolgirl who had gone missing from a Birati shopping mall on August 13, was found floating in Hooghly river at Howrah ferry ghat. Her family members lodged a complaint with Nimta police station on Friday, saying that their daughter was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722925", "title": "Mumbai's schoolteachers in a bind over SSC syllabus switch", "text": "MUMBAI: The announcement to change syllabus in state board schools has teachers in a spot.Thousands of teachers in Mumbai, who are currently undergoing a training programme, Comprehensive Continuous Evaluation (CCE), feel a syllabus switchover will mean that they may go through a new session once again.\"The state education department still conducts training at least once in a month and teachers have been regularly attending these sessions. What is the sense in continuing with the same when the syllabus is going to change? Teachers are never involved in such decisions, leaving us confused,\" said Uday Nare, a teacher from Hansraj Morarji school, Andheri (W). Several teachers expressed concern over repetition of all that has already been done in future training sessions.\"Just when we were getting used to the new teaching methods and practising in class, the government announced its decision to modify the syllabus. We will end up in more training sessions,\" said a teacher from a state board school.On Friday, state education minister Rajendra Darda approved the draft syllabus, which will soon be put up on the state government website for feedback. \"Our aim is to put state board students on a par with those from other boards. Hence, we are training teachers so that they are equipped to teach the upgraded syllabus,\" said a senior education official.Recently, the state education department and Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) joined hands with British Council to develop a syllabus to train teachers in English. \"The training will start in September and we have already selected the resource teachers, who will be trained first. In turn, they will train others across the state,\" said SSA director Sanjay Deshmukh.He also added that the training will be conducted with the help of National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT). \"The change in syllabus will be the focus since NCERT will be part of this training,\" added Deshmukh.While teachers are still worried about how the change in syllabus will be implemented, school principals are positive that the change will be good.\"Currently, the training focuses on teaching methods in various subjects, which teachers need to implement in their regular classes,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family school, Andheri (E).\"Once the new syllabus is in place, it will be easier for them to teach in class with the new teaching tools. This is a positive step towards making the education system application-based,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family school, Andheri (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15730994", "title": "Pre-University students learn in digital classes", "text": "MYSORE: The introduction of digital classes is giving a unique learning experience for the students of NIE Pre-University College. The college, in association with Pearson's eduritehas started conducting digital classes as an integrated programme from this academic year. Besides blackboard teaching, the lecturers use digital screen to teach core subjects.Secretary S L Ramachandra said: \"Using digital screen helps students understand the concept easily as they can get a visual experience, which will have a positive effect on their minds. Also, they get to enjoy technology at a very young age, that is well before they get into technical courses.\"Blackboard teaching of core subjects -- physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology -- go hand in hand with digital teaching. Summary, diagrams, experiments and questionnaire of all subjects have been installed in the computer. Teachers use digital teaching when the topics have more diagrams and experiments. Principal Suma B A claimed that theirs is the only PU college in the city having digital classrooms. \"We can just log on to the topic to be taught. Biology and physics teaching has been made easier and effective, thanks to the projection of colourful diagrams,\" said, adding that the method, which avoids diagrams being drawn by lecturers, saves a lot of time. \"Also, learning with audio-visual mode helps students understand the topic better,\" she said.First year PU student Chaitra Pradeep said: \"The animated and 3D images will get registered in our minds easily. It makes us understand the concept better. There is no need for private tuition.\"After every class, a quick quiz is conducted. Multiple-choice questions relating to the topic are displayed on the screen so that students can answer.First year PU student Rumana said digital classes are more interesting. \"They are better than the usual lectures. Digital teaching makes topics exciting and effective,\" the student said.Added to this, the college also conducts supplementary digital classes to prepare the students for various entrance exams like CET, AIEEE, AIPMT and IIT-JEE. Public relations executive S R Gaikwad said that supplementary classes are helping students who spend more time shuttling from one tuition class to another. \"They do not get time to study. Supplementary digital classes are helping them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15753545", "title": "Heavy rain triggers landslides, disrupts life in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: Two persons were swept away by the swollen waters of Chakki Khad River in Himachal Pradesh where normal life was on Sunday disrupted due to heavy rain which triggered landslides, damaging roads and buildings besides washing away large tracts of cultivated land.Two persons, one belonging to Rajasthan, and a woman from Hariyal village in Kangra were swept away by swirling waters of swollen Chakki Khad on Saturday night while a cloudburst in village Sadma in Kangra district damaged over dozen houses, washed away cowsheds and damaged a primary school building in village Lunj.The Chamba-Pathabkot Highway remained closed for nearly ten hours and a large number of vehicles remained stranded en route.The blockade was cleared on Sunday and vehicular traffic was restored.However, the link roads in interior areas of Chamba including Tissa, Bharmaur and other places were blocked causing inconvenience to people, especially the Mani Mahesh pilgrims.Amb in Una district was wettest in the state with 66 mm of rains while Kasauli, Una, Mandi and Sundernagar had 51 mm, 50 mm, 49 mm of rains during the past 24 hours, followed by Gaggal 46 mm, Jubbar Hatti 43 mm, Dharmpur 35 mm, Chelsea 31 mm, Bangana 30 mm, Mashobra 27 mm , Seobagh 26 mm, Sangrah 25 mm, Solan and Manali 22, Nahan 21 mm, Dharmshala 19 mm, Bhuntar 17mm and Chamba and Bilaspur 16 mm.The state capital Shimla received 31 mm of rain till 8.30am leading to a drop in temperature.The rain caused landslides and road breaches and some building including some government ones developed cracks but major highways were open.While the actual loss was being calculated, the revenue department has put the loss to buildings and road at above Rs 200 crore.The minimum temperatures dropped by two to three degrees and Kalpa, Keylong and Manali recorded a low of 12.0 degree, 12.3 degree and 12.8 degree while Shimla recorded minimum temperature at 15.4 degree, followed by Nahan 18.3 degree, three degree below normal.The maximum temperatures also dropped by two to three degrees in mid and higher hills.The local MeT office has predicted widespread rain in the region with very heavy rain at isolated palaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720179", "title": "Legality of raising VCs\u2019 retirement age challenged", "text": "CHENNAI: The legality of a state government ordinance seeking to increase the retirement age of vice-chancellors from the existing 65 to 70 years has been challenged in the Madras high court.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, before which the PIL filed by retired professor A Ponnusamy came up for admission, has ordered notice to the government, returnable in two weeks.In his PIL, Ponnusamy contended that in respect of Central universities, the Union of India had already increased the retirement age of professors from 60 to 65 and that of vice-chancellors from 65 to 70. This composite increase in age limit, he said, would help the Central universities use the services of their faculty members for appointment as vice-chancellors.The state government, instead of following this pattern, had sought to increase the retirement age of vice-chancellors alone, while keeping the retirement age of faculty members unchanged at 60. This despite the fact that the UGC recommended that the retirement age of faculty members in state universities be enhanced to 62.\"Increasing the retirement age of vice-chancellors alone will result in a wide gap between the retirement of a teacher and his appointment as vice-chancellor in a university, Ponnusamy said.\"When outstanding or brilliant teachers in all Tamil Nadu universities are required to retire at the age of 60, how can one among them work at the age of 70?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712028", "title": "Cops book case against firm for cheating investors", "text": "HYDERABAD: Based on a complaint lodged by Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi , the Central Crime Station has registered a case against Nowheera Shaik, the managing director of Heera Group of Companies, who has allegedly cheated a large number of investors.According to the FIR, Nowheera Shaikh who claims to be the managing director of Heera Group Companies has published an advertisement in a Urdu daily in which she said her company, that deals in the buying and selling of gold bars, has branches in various parts of the country, Africa and Dubai. The complainant alleged that Shaikh has also claimed to have established an interest-free business in the name of Heera Financial Capital India Limited the location of which is not mentioned. The locations of other companies owned by her are also not known. She has claimed that the turnover of her company is over Rs 100 crore with 2000 investors.Shaik's businesses are nothing but castles in the air, the complainant alleged. Many innocent investors have suffered huge monetary loss as she is cheating several of them, the complaint said.\"We have registered a case against the Heera Group of Companies under Sections 420(cheating) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) of IPC and started investigation into its dealings,\" said inspector CCS M Ravinder Reddy. The case is being investigated under the supervision of additional deputy commissioner of police Zafar Jaweed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15720536", "title": "Ringing in the Donuts", "text": "There is a lot riding on the donut in the city. To J Karthi, 24, it is the ultimate meal, soft and sweet. And for the manufacturers it is the best way to get a hold of the Chennai's booming eat-out market. \"I like it sweet, filled with chocolate,\" says Karthi, a software professional who heads to a Donut House outlet at least thrice a week. While he can make a meal out of it, his uncle L Neelakantan prefers it as a dessert, preferably after a meal.As more Chennaiites turn fans of the high-fat snack, the big guys of donut kingdom are coming. International chain Krispy Kreme in tie up with Citymax Hotels will launch its Bangalore outlet soon. This will be followed by other cities including Chennai. US-based foods chain Dunkin' Donuts is the other India entrant. Singapore-based chain Mad Over Donuts has also started work on its Chennai outlet.Anticipating the hotting competition, local brand Donut House from Pandora Foods has brought out newer savoury varieties like red spice, chilli cheese and southern spice and also plans to expand to other cities. Bhuvanesh Subarayan, CEO of Pandora Foods, pegs the rise in demand to increasing awareness about donuts. \"Also, they are a snack by themselves, just like cakes,\" says Subarayan. But he also has a created a full meal with donut burger, where slices of the snack appear along with a veg patty.Though the plans are big, the aim of manufacturers is not to try and replace local staples like dosas, idlis or even the noodles. \"Maggi noodles changed the idea about foreign foods as its taste was adaptable to children. Plus, it was easy to cook unlike donuts,\" says Subarayan. The college students, who practically survived on Maggi noodles, found the transition to pizzas and burgers easy. \"Currently, we will be targeting a niche segment of people as donuts are more of a lifestyle product,\" says Tarak Bhattacharya, chief operating officer of Mad Over Donuts.With more people eating out and children making that crucial decision on where to eat out, it is possible that donuts will become part of the diet, says Neelakantan, an interior designer. And it is this hope that is driving manufacturers like Bhattacharya. \"Even I don't want donuts at home for Diwali. They won't substitute Indian sweets but will surely be an addition,\" he says.The only sore point seems to be the high-calorie factor. Donuts like the other current favourites, cupcakes and pastries, are a recipe for disaster if they are not had in moderation. \"An average size donut has around 340 calories, which is more breakfast calorie needed for some people,\" says Dr Dharini Krishnan, consultant dietician. Better labeling of fat levels and moderation should regulate the situation, she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712337", "title": "Karnataka urged to release Almatti water", "text": "HYDERABAD: Worried over the depleting ground water table and worsening of water situation, the AP government urged the neighbour Karnataka to release 10 tmc ft of water from Almatti reservoir.CM Kiran Kumar Reddy spoke to his Karnataka counterpart Jagdish Shettar over phone on Saturday and sought immediate release of water from Almatti in the face of severe drinking water crisis.Three crore people in eight districts are facing the worst drinking water problem due to lack of rains, officials said. \"The CM requested Shettar to release at least 10 tmc ft of water from Almatti and Narayanpur reservoirs to meet the drinking water requirements,\" sources said.Water levels in all the reservoirs of river Krishna in Andhra Pradesh hit rock-bottom due to scanty rainfall this monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724253", "title": "Rs 1.43L, laptop stolen from Mercedes, MUV", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Within a span of 10 minutes, Rs 1.43 lakh in cash, a laptop and a cellphone were stolen after breaking windows of two cars, including a Mercedes in Sector 9, and Innova in Sector 8 on Saturday.The Mercedes belongs to Pavitar Singh Bajwa, the owner of a restuarant, besides a gym and it was parked outside the restaurant in Sector 9, when the thieves struck.Bajwa is a resident of Sector 32 and has a political background.The first incident took place at 10.15am, when a cash amount of Rs 1.43 lakh kept in the sedan was stolen.In his statement to the police, Bajwa said when the incident took place he was in his gym, situated on the third floor of the same building that houses his restaurant and when he returned, he saw the windowpane on the right side of his car had been broken and a bag containing cash and some documents was missing.Police officials said the accused took advantage of the heavy rain. The second incident took place in a residential area in Sector 8 at 10.30am. Rohit Negi, who lives in Mohali had come to meet his friend and had parked his Innova in front of his house Later Negi heard some noise and noticed someone steal his bag containing his laptop, a data card and mobile phone after smashing a side windowpane of his car. Inspector Neeraj Sarna, SHO of the police station in Sector 3 said CCTV footage of the market in Sector 9 was being scrutinized in connection with the theft of Rs 1.43 lakh. Two FIRs have been registered in connection with the two theft cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15713465", "title": "Amateurs hope to get the swar right in 'Yadein'", "text": "NAGPUR: In the melee of musical shows being organized by professional artists there is a group of singers in the city who are pursuing professions other than singing. Their passion for music compels them to take the stage once in a while to indulge this latent talent. 'Yadein - A Musical Journey', is one such show which will be staged on Monday by Sargam.The concept was developed eight years back when Manu Kumar Shrivastav was the collector of Nagpur. A singer himself, he had sung a Mukesh number on stage. \"Now a group of professionals like doctors, builders, advocates and journalists will be presenting the programme,\" says MV Unnikrishnan the organizer.The programme will chart the musical journey through the 40s up to the current decade. \"A total of 22 songs sung by KL Saigal, Uma Devi, Begum Akhtar and Yesudas will be presented by 16 singers,\" says Unnikrishnan who is famous as the Yesudas of Nagpur.Participating in the event is Bina Chatterjee, a music teacher at Sandipani School. For her music is not something that is learnt. \"Music comes from within. For those who can get the swar right, it does not matter if they have taken professional training or not,\" she says.Ophthalmologist Ajay Sood says he is a diehard romantic and so will be singing the Rafi number 'Nazar na lag jaye'. \"Music is my hobby and a great stress buster. This programme is full of originality, charm and innocence which only untrained singers can bring,\" he said.A veteran of many stage shows, Sanjay Joshi, who is serving as Area controller in Central Railways, says that he is fully prepared with his two songs - a solo and a duet. \"I am a fan of Kishore Kumar and will be singing Yeh... Kya hua,\" he said.With no formal training in music, chartered accountant N Vardarajan says that he has dabbled in singing by being part of orchestra programmes. \"We may be amateurs but we have an ear for music and our singing is refreshingly different,\" he says.Shashishekhar Sinha, a superintendent in Customs and Central Excise, finds the concept very novel. \"I decided to be a part of this event as all the participants are a unique class. I will be paying tribute to Mukesh and will dedicate the song to my father,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716465", "title": "Pawar to hold high-level meeting", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar will soon hold a high-level meeting to resolve issues regarding demarcation of floodline, unauthorised constructions, housing project for economically weaker section and Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) in Pimpri-Chinchwad.NCP city unit leader Yogesh Behl said Pawar would convene a meeting of the officials of the revenue, urban development and irrigation departments to discuss development works and other issues of Pimpri-Chinchwad.At a meeting in Mumbai recently, corporators had said development works in the city were at a standstill as the civic administration was busy with the anti-encroachment drive. Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, however, said the civic general body meetings were being adjourned regularly due to which important decisions could not be taken.Ruling party leader Mangala Kadam said the common man should not fall for low prices and buy unauthorised structures. Instead of regretting later, they should check if the house is an authorised construction or not before purchasing it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15710417", "title": "Onam - bringing all together", "text": "BHOPAL: For the Malayali community it's all about coming together to celebrate the festival of Onam with family and friends. The festival is celebrated by all Keralites irrespective of their religion or caste.Deepu Krishna, who has been blessed with a new member in his family, has another reason to rejoice this year. \"A new member has come to the family; my 9-month old son Aromal. Onam would be even more special this year,\" he smiled.All the members of his family would give him 'Onakkodi' (new clothes specially purchased for the Onam festival) as it's a ritual gifting new clothes to children, he says happily.\"The eatables being prepared like ka upperi (banana chips), unniappam (sweet made of rice flour, banana and jaggery) and murukku (chakli) are being given to him whom he is relishing. Besides, we are looking for a small plantain leaf for his Onam Sadya (traditional three-course meal),\" he said.Krishna's wife Ramya is a dance instructor. Every year she teaches children for the Onam cultural programme. But this year she has taken a leave after their son's birth. \"The preparation of sweets has commenced but that day almost 20 variety of curries or side items are prepared for the sadya. But, Ada Payasam (rice flake kheer) is a must,\" she said.While the families out of their homes stick to the community during the Onam evening and regale in the cultural programmes, the day time is a family affair. \"We take the blessings of elders and visit homes to wish them. Also, we visit the native place but often it is not possible due to respective jobs,\" she added.G R Nair, a retired IFFCO officer said, \"We not only invite people from the community but also those outside who are living alone so that no one feels left out on this day, as King Mahabali has wanted good of his praja.\"Madhu Kumar, an ex-air force personnel said, \"The rigours of the job do not permit us to celebrate with much fanfare. Mostly, community lunches and cultural programmes are what make Onam special for us staying away from home.\"Onam feast todayCommunity feast is being organised by the Bhopal Malayalee Association (BMA) on Sunday at CPRI auditorium, Govindpura. The feast would commence at 1 pm.Bhopal Nair Samaj (BNS) would organise Onam celebrations on August 26 at BNS auditorium, Khajurikalan. Athapoova competition would be held from 2 pm. Cultural programme from 6 pm followed by felicitation of senior life members above 70 years of age.United Malayalee Association (UMA) would organise a floral rangoli \"Athapoov\" competition on August 26 as a run up to the Onam celebration at SN Mission Hall, Subhash Nagar at 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713935", "title": "Burglars on prowl as owners at relief camps", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite that fact that many people affected by heavy rains are homeless, dependent on others for food and water, and staying at relief camps since Wednesday. Burglaries and thefts at their unguarded houses have added to their woes.The situation has given burglars an opportunity to steal away the valuables. Petty thefts are on the rise at some of these areas including Madrampura.\"I went to my house this morning. My single bed, mattress and television were missing. I enquired others residing in the locality and it appears these items have been stolen,\" says Budhram, a native of Madrampura slum, which is still inundated.Like him many complained on Saturday that neither is the administration was letting them return to their houses nor is it ensuring safety of their houses.65-year-old Santosh Devi, who, along with her son, daughter-in-law and three grandchildren, is staying at the relief camp in Mohana Mandi, said an iron box containing nearly Rs 1,000 and a ring have been stolen from her house.\"Chori ho ri hai. Maharey ghar ro gate bhi chor le ga (Burglaries are happening burglars even took away the main gate of my house),\" she lamented.However, the Mohana police did not rule out the possibility of petty thefts but said that most people took their valuables along with them to the camps.\"This is rubbish. Our teams have been patrolling in these areas. Most of these people when taken to the relief camps in our vehicles carried all the valuables along them. If there are some reports, we will definitely intensify patrolling in the area,\" said a senior police officer with Mohana police station.Likewise, the natives residing at Prem Nagar on Sikar Road complained that petty thefts have increased.\"We went to our house on Saturday when much of the water had receded, many things including a cooler and ceiling fan were missing ,\" said Shyoji Lal, a native of Prem Nagar colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15725231", "title": "Twins Ranika, Manika bag top slots in MSc-IT", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ranika Garg didn't have to look far for inspiration. For, the young student and her twin Manika grabbed the first and second positions, respectively, in first-year examinations of MSc IT course conducted by Panjab University. Among the top 10 positions, five positions were grabbed by students of Khalsa College for Women.Paramjit Kaur bagged the sixth position by scoring 83.52%. Neha Malhan and Sherry Bedi clinched seventh and eighth positions in by getting 83.44% and 83.12%, respectively. Ankita Singla and Sakshi Dey jointly bagged ninth position by scoring 82.96%. College president Pritpal Singh Grewal and vice-president Dr S S Grewal congratulated principal Varinder Kaur Thind for the excellent result.Meanwhile, it was celebration time at the Garg residence. Residents of Kitchlu Nagar, Ranika and Manika could not help but be excited with the double dhamaka.Ranika, who scored 1,092 marks out of 1,250, said, \"I worked hard the entire year and studied regularly for four-five hours every day. Plus, my parents' blessings worked like magic.\" Her sister Manika laughed and added, \"I tried to get more marks than Ranika but missed by only two points.\" Manika's aggregate was 86.36%. She said, \"My fingers are crossed. Second year is still left.\"Apart from their appearance, the twins share the same aim too \u2014 both want to either be an IT professional or a lecturer. Their mother Anita considers herself lucky. \"I am very happy with their results. My blessings are always with my daughters,\" said Anita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15728130", "title": "Alappuzha bakeries come under scanner", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: With Onam just days away, district collector P Venugopal has constituted a special squad to inspect all bakeries in the town.He has directed the squad to close those bakeries that sell stale food and use artificial food colours. The decision was taken at the district development council (DDC) meeting on Saturday.\"Bakeries that flout rules and follow unhealthy practices will be shut immediately. The squad will begin operation on Sunday. District medical officer (DMO) will lead the team. Special squads have already been set up by the police, revenue and excise officials to check the sale of illicit liquor during Onam,\" Venugopal said.DMO K M Sirabuddin presented a report on the living conditions of migrant labourers in the district at the meeting.The district collector had asked the DMO to undertake a study on how migrants were faring in Alappuzha.\"As many as 535 migrant labourers are working in the district in Cherthala, Aroor and Chengannur. The district medical office had conducted medical camps and seven filariasis and eight malaria cases were detected among the migrant workers,\" he said.Venugopal said better living conditions must be ensured for migrants, or else it might create health problems in the district.DMO Sirabuddin assured that health and labour departments will schedule a meeting and formulate a plan as directed by the collector.The collector directed all local bodies in the district to give Rs 1,000 to Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme workers, who have completed 100 working days.Alappuzha: District collector P Venugopal has constituted a special squad to conduct inspections in bakeries in the town. He also directed the squad to close all the bakeries which sell stale food and use artificial food colours.Venugopal was speaking at District Development Council (DDC) meeting held at collectorate conference hall here on Saturday.\"The bakeries, which violate rules and follow unhealthy practises, should be closed without any delay. The squad will start functioning from Sunday. Health officials led by district medical officer (DMO) and food inspector are the members of the squad,'' Venugopal said.\"Special squads have already been set up by the police, revenue and excise officials to check brewing and sale of illicit liquor during Onam,'' he said.During the DDC meeting, the DMO presented a study report on the living conditions of migrant labourers in the district. The study was conducted as per the direction of the district collector in the last DDC meeting.The DMO said that as many as 535 migrant labourers are working in the district mainly in Cherthala, Aroor and Chengannur. The district medical office has conducted medical camps where they detected filariasis in seven people and malaria in eight people.District collector said that if the migrant labourers are living in dirty conditions, it will in turn create health problems for the people of Alappuzha. Hence, better living conditions should be ensured for them. The DMO said that the health department and labour department will hold a meeting soon and will take immediate steps in this regard.The collector also directed all the local bodies head in the district to give Rs 1,000 to Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme workers, who have completed 100 working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15758690", "title": "Gaga's new scent smells of 'blood, sweat and semen'", "text": "Lady Gaga , whose new perfume ad shows her smeared in sloppy egg yolk and thick, black tar, is said to be based on the pop star's own body scent.The promo uses Gaga's tune Scheibe, which translates as 's***'.The star has revealed that she has sampled her bodily fluids while concocting the spray so it would have the whiff of an \"expensive hooker\" and \"blood, sweat and semen,\" the Sun reported.The scent is selling quickly in the US. The ' Poker Face ' hitmaker announced on Saturday that she would be making a special appearance in Harrods in October, probably on a sales drive for it in the UK.Meanwhile droves of British fans have taken to Twitter to declare they won't buy it because they fear it will \"literally smell like s***\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712006", "title": "Save Musi Campaign hits Ramanthapur roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: Efforts by the government to take possession of farmlands acquired for the Save Musi Campaign in Ramanthapur village has run into stiff opposition with the locals unwilling to give up land, alleging foul play.About 93 acres of farm land in Ramanathapur Bhagayat was acquired in 2006 along with 600 acres in Uppal as part of the Save Musi Campaign which the HMDA has been entrusted with in the Chaderghat to Nagole Bridge section, in addition to the Tipu Khan-Puranapul section. The land in the vicinity of Musi was stated to be acquired for beautification and for facilitating infrastructure development by other departments to keep the river clean. Around 105 acres in Uppal was also handed over to Hyderabad Metro Rail authorities.Protests over Ramanthapur lands erupted last week when the HMDA reportedly sent notices asking owners to collect their compensation from the land revenue court and hand over the lands. Residents of Ramanthapur who have locked horns with the government say since 2006 many farm lands were sold away by farmers in whose place residential properties were built. As of now only 15 acres is farmland and close to 2000 families have houses on the remaining area. \"We have been contesting the representations made on behalf of Ramanthapur farmers as unfair since 2007. Though the government claims to have fairly acquired the land, no board was put up by the HMDA informing prospective buyers of the acquisition. Registrations and transfer of title deeds were allowed to continue till 2010,\" said B Anjaiah Ramanthapur Bhagayat Welfare Association.The issue of compensation has also not gone down well with the residents who say that the government is compensating the previous patta holders and not the current owners of the lands. They say that Rs 34 lakh per acre is being offered as compensation while the market price of the land is Rs 1 crore.Locals allege that the government is grabbing lands under the garb of saving Musi when it actually wants to develop and auction it away.\"Plenty of land was acquired in Uppal. Even land requirements for metro rail were met from the acquired territory. There is no public project in the offing that requires additional land. The authorities are only seeking profit from the lands of the poor,\" fumed Anjaiah.The HMDA authorities maintain that Ramanthapur and Uppal locals had in unison agreed to part with their lands in 2006. But later Ramanthapur locals refused to honor the agreement and challenged the acquisition in the court.\"The land acquisition process was halted when the court had initially issued a stay but it was vacated in 2011. The case was dismissed in favor of the government but a review petition is pending,\" a HMDA official said on condition of anonymity.On Friday CPM leader P Madhu walked through four colonies in the area as mark of protest. Saturday saw hundreds of BJP activists and residents sit in protest at HMDA's office in Tarnaka demanding to know why the government had allowed sale and registration of plots on acquired lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15712419", "title": "Woman killed by brother-in-law", "text": "32-year-old Sheela Kale was clubbed to death with a metallic object by her brother-in-law Vinod following a feud at Bhande Plot on Saturday evening. She was declared brought dead at the GMCH. Vinod surrendered in a dramatic fashion at the Sakkardara police station. Alleging that Sheetal has been a bad influence ever since she got married to his younger brother Sharad, Vinod said the mother of two was creating a rift in the family. He confessed to his crime on a piece of paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15720429", "title": "Refugees in Dhubri camps not ready to return to Kokrajhar", "text": "GUWAHATI: Muslim inmates of 133 relief camps in Assam's Dhubri district have stopped returning to their homes in Kokrajhar since August 16. They are reluctant to leave as they believe Kokrajhar is still troubled, said Dhubri district officials.On Saturday, there were 2,41,436 people in 219 camps in Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Bongaigaon and Chirang districts. In the last 24 hours, 6,814 inmates returned home from various camps, but none from the 133 camps in Dhubri district, said a home department official. Bengali-speaking refugees from different parts of Kokrajhar are living in Dhubri camps.At the peak of violence, there were 1,75,829 inmates in 139 camps in Dhubri district.Fears of the inmates are in contrast with the state government's claims of adequate security and fixed police pickets in troubled villages in Kokrajhar. Relief camps in Dhubri and Bilasipara house 1,46,214 inmates. On August 16, the last batch of 5,271 inmates had left the camps, said a home department official.\"How can they go back to their homes? The situation is not yet normal and curfew has not been lifted. Some have returned to the camps. They told us they fear returning home,\" said Dhubri district deputy commissioner K C Kalita.Despite police pickets, building confidence among those who fled their homes is a difficult job, a source said. \"Security personnel and army are patrolling remote areas. Though the situation is under control, a poor villager feels unsafe. Security forces are apprehensive, too. We are keeping a strict vigil,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717776", "title": "CM opposed to decontrol of sugar sector, conveys concern to Centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav is averse to the idea of outright decontrol of sugar sector and conveyed his concern on the issue to a visiting high-power panel headed by chairman of PM's Economic Advisory Council C Rangarajan on Saturday at a meeting held at his 5, Kalidas Marg residence.\"Any decision on this issue should be taken in totality after considering the pros and cons of its financial implications and their impact on stake-holders -- from farmers, the sugar mills, the state government to the consumers,\" the CM said in an official release after the meeting.Since UP is one of the 11 major sugar producing states in the country, the panel formed at the behest of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was here to incorporate the views of the state in its report to be submitted shortly for decision on the matter to the Centre tentatively in the next three months. The issues in point for discussion include de-reservation of sugarcane area, total decontrol of sugar sector, deregulation of export and import and doing away with the state administered price (SAP) of cane fixed every year and the mandatory monthly quota of levy sugar on sugar mills.Presenting the state's views point wise, the CM said that the government was strongly opposed to the doing away with the State Administered Price (SAP) fixed every year over and above the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) announced by the Centre. He argued that the SAP was a price-mechanism method that was essential to protect the interest of cane growers, numbering over 30 lakh and responsible for nearly 30 per cent towards the state's gross domestic product. These canegrowers, the CM said, could not be exposed to the market economy, and thus their interest was best protected by the SAP. Their well-being was necessary for the agrarian economy of the state and for the future of sugar industry as well, whose survival depends on their produce.The end of SAP, the CM felt, would have far-reaching repercussion as this way small millers would not be able to compete with major mill owners, who would try to monopolies the trade due to their better purchasing capacity. Such a situation, he said, would not be good for the industry as a whole as this was one of the main drivers of the state's rural economy supporting its agricultural growth.It provides sustenance not only to cane growers, their families, but also workers and entrepreneurs, wholesalers and distributors. Being major industry with a total production exceeding around 50-lakh tones annually, the sugar industry also supports diversified ancillary activities and skills that support the local economy. The dependent population creates substantial demand for local goods and services. In the same vein, he showed his reservation on the issue of deregulation of cane areas, which is regulated in the state under the UP Sugarcane (Regulation &amp; Purchase) Act, 1953. Under it, a designated mill is obligated to purchase from cane growers within the cane reservation area, and conversely, cane growers are bound to sell to the mill. As a consequence of the area requirement (distance criteria), setting up of a new mill requires approvals notwithstanding de-licensing under the Industries Development and Regulation Act. This is meant to avoid unnecessary competition and ensure that entire stock of that area is sold.Notably, this was also the view of the cane mill owners, who also later met the panel. They also favored that cane area restrictions should be maintained in order to avoid unnecessary competitions.Another debatable point was that of levy sugar, which is a mandatory condition for the sugar mills to contribute 10% of their total production towards 'levy sugar quota', which is bought by the government for distribution though the public distribution system (PDS) at cheaper rate. The CM said that this was an issue concerned to the Centre and this could be decided by it only. He suggested that if at all this was necessary and the Centre wanted to continue it, the levy sugar should be purchased from the market and should be made available to the PDS. As for other things, the CM said, surplus stock of sugar should be allowed to export after meeting the domestic demand and the price of ethanol fixed at Rs 27 per litter should be increased for sugar mills. At the same time, he said, the quantity of ethanol mixed with petrol should be increased from 5% to 10% and cogeneration units should be encouraged in sugar mills.Meanwhile, around 20 sugarcane farmers' representative also interacted with the deregulation committee. On the occasion, Sudhir Panwar, President of the Kisan Jagriti Manch, opposed the idea of de-reservation of cane areas on the basis of perishable nature of crop which need assured supply with a time frame. He also alleged CACP and Central government for arbitrary low fixation of sugarcane price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713226", "title": "BJP to launch campaign against proposed FDI in retail", "text": "JAIPUR: The state BJP unit has decided to launch a state-level protest campaign against the proposed FDI in retail sector. The decision was taken during the core-committee meeting of the unit on Saturday.Saturday's meeting condemned chief minister Ashok Gehlot's letter to Centre favouring the proposal. \"We strongly condemned the support extended by the state government as the FDI would have an adverse effect on the business of small traders in the state. The party will launch a state-level protest campaign against the proposed FDI,\" state BJP president Arun Chaturvedi said after the meeting.The meeting which was presided by Chaturvedi was attended by senior leaders and core-committee members Om Prakash Mathur, Ghanshyam Tiwari , Gulab Chand Kataria and Rajendra Rathore.The committee members also reviewed the recent protest campaign against the power tariff hike, the on-going membership drive and the increasing problem of Bangladeshi infiltration in the state. \"The party has decided that the campaign against hike in the power tariff would continue. The matter would be raised even during the next session of the Rajasthan Assembly,'' he said.Meanwhile, senior BJP leader Kirit Somaiya , who was in Jaipur on Saturday, said in reference to Coalgate scam that the allocation of the coal blocks to private firms should all be cancelled. \"There are reports that Vasundhara Raje , when she was the chief minister, has supported the allotments of coal blocks. However, the letter she wrote was in reference to lignite alone, which is used only by the power sector,'' Somaiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15716471", "title": "Bike-borne thieves rob woman's 'mangalsutra'", "text": "PONDA: After a hiatus of three months, bike-borne chain-snatchers made their appearance in Ponda on Wednesday.Two people on a bike, wearing helmets covering their faces, attempted to snatch a 'mangalsutra' from a woman in broad daylight on a busy street of Ponda.As the woman struggled, the accused could rob only half a part of the ornament.Ponda police said, Soudamini Somnath Naik, 45, a woman from Bandora was moving out from the sports' complex at Haveli-Ponda on Saturday afternoon when two accused on a motorcycle with their heads covered with full helmets zoomed in and attempted to snatch her 'mangalsutra'.Although frightened with the sudden attack, the woman tried to protect her ornament and in the scuffle, the 'mangalsutra' broke in parts and the accused fled away with a larger part, police stated, quoting the complaint lodged by the woman.Police have registered an offence against unknown persons under Section 356 (chain snatching), 379 (theft outside a dwelling) read with Section 34 (common intention) of Indian Penal Code.Ponda ASI Bana Naik is investigating the case, however, no person was arrested in this connection until late Saturday evening.On May 9, two persons on a bike snatched a 'mangalsutra' and a gold chain from a woman on the Panditwada-Warkhande road in a broad daylight and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "a former navy seal , who has written 'no easy day", "code": "15722288", "title": "Author of tell-all book on Osama raid gets death threats", "text": "A former navy Seal , who has written 'No Easy Day: The Firsthan Account of the Mission That Killed Osama bin Laden', a tell-all insider account of the raid that killed the al-Qaida chief, faces death threats after his identity was disclosed by media reports. Soon after Matt Bissonnette was identified, Qaida- affiliated militant websites posted his name and photo calling for his \"destruction\". One, Al-Fidaa, warned the \"lion's cubs' were waiting for the right time to avenge bin Laden's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15750555", "title": "AK Hangal cremated; Bollywood biggies miss funeral", "text": "With prayers on their lips, friends and family members bid a tearful adieu to distinguished character actor A K Hangal at his funeral here.Incidentally, none of the prominent Bollywood personalities attended Hangal's last rites, performed by his son Vijay at the Pawan Hans crematorium in Vile Parle, Mumbai, at around 1 PM.\"It's a great loss... I am saddened by his demise. He was very happy and lively about his work and life. I can't talk much now,\" Hangal's son Vijay told PTI.Character artists including Rakesh Bedi, Raza Murad, Avatar Gill, singer-actress Ila Arun and a few others were seen at the crematorium uniting in grief at the demise of the man who played the role of grandfather, father, uncle or friend to various actors.Hangal passed away early this morning due to brief illness aggravated by a fracture in his thigh bone at Asha Parekh Hospital in suburban Mumbai. He was 98.\"Though he was out of sight as he was not working in movies, he was not out of mind. He was my guru... he was an institution... I have learnt a lot from him,\" Raza Murad said.\"He has worked with all superstars but it is sad that no big star from the industry came here today,\" he said.\"He lived like a king. He was very active. He was never disheartened when he was out of work and money. He was not only an actor... he was a freedom fighter. It's a great loss,\" Ila Arun said.Hangal is survived by his 74-year-old son Vijay as his wife Manorama predeceased him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724796", "title": "Now, nature of offence to decide floor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 15-year-old juvenile from Sector 34 was brought to Juvenile Home in Sector 25 for stealing Rs 200 from a shop in April, 2012 and after three months the same juvenile was again caught and lodged in Juvenile Home in the case of a robbery in July, 2012. But this time, the juvenile was put on the first floor of juvenile home and his interaction with juvenile inmates residing on the ground floor is very less.Observing the repeated involvement of juveniles in criminal activities, the social welfare department has segregated them in the view of nature of offences committed by them and reserved the ground floor for habitual offender juvenile and first floor was reserved for fresh juveniles, who have been arrested for first or second time in small cases.The initiative was taken recently and different counselling courses were also followed for the habitual offenders and fresh offenders.Sources in Juvenile Home said, \"The case history of juveniles who were brought here for the second and third time revealed that they had shared the company of juveniles arrested in heinous cases. Thus we decided to segregate them in the view of nature of offences.\"A senior official attached with the Juvenile Home said, \"Though juveniles were segregated, they were allowed to share play and other entertainment activities in the juvenile home.\"Director of social welfare department, Rajesh Jogpal, said, \"The decision was taken recently and results of this move are awaited. The motivational and counselling sessions for juveniles are also being organized regularly. The counselling to juveniles is also being given in the view of nature of category of juveniles and counsellors spent more time on repeated offenders than fresh ones.\"The police record revealed that 624 juveniles have been arrested in 408 cases during the past three years and 292 juveniles out of 624 were arrested for petty offences including snatching, pick-pocketing, gambling and thefts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727630", "title": "Onam regatta ripples Kochi backwaters", "text": "KOCHI: Adding colour to Onam celebrations in the city, a five-day yacht racing competition, 'Kochi - Onam Regatta Jalotsavam 2012', has begun on Kochi backwaters.The event, in which 80 yachts from across the country are taking part, was flagged off by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Saturday.The event organized by the Kerala tourism department and Kerala Water Sports and Sailing Organization (KWSO) is being held between Bolghatty Palace and Vallarpadam. Organizers of the event said that participants from 10 states, including Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Kerala and Goa, along with two teams from Sri Lanka and England are contesting in the Onam regatta.The event is being organized by the authorities to promote tourism and yachting in Kerala.Participants will compete in six categories and the winner will be decided based on their performances in the 12 races. Tourism minister A P Anilkumar will distribute mementos and certificates for the winners on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15716383", "title": "'Should engage our neighbours in resolving NE issues'", "text": "PANAJI: With India recently witnessing unrest in the North Eastern part of the country and an ensuing fear-driven exodus of people residing in other states including Goa to the North East, the Meghalaya chief minister, Mukul Sangma, who was in the state, said, \"One cannot rule out a deep rooted conspiracy which can have a very negative impact on the overall integration of the nation as a whole.Speaking on the sidelines of the Regulators and Policymakers Retreat 2012 held in Goa on Saturday, he said \"it is very important to go deep into the problem\".\"The magnitude of the rumour-spread reflects the gravity of the whole situation. It is therefore necessary to pool in all resources available with the administrative control of the government of India and also the state governments and unearth the source of the conspiracy,\" said Sangma.\"The way it is structured, it indicates deep rooted conspiracy and plot to threaten the integrity of our country. In the context of the overall scenario, the actual ramification of the whole development will not be confined to the state, it will have a pan-India impact in the era of instant news,\" he added.Sangma felt the answer to certain problems could be found \"through engagement with neighbouring countries,\" adding \"we can't change our neighbours .\"He asserted that illegal migration from neighbouring countries should be looked into. With migrants from neighbouring Bangladesh being partly blamed for the North Eastern problem, Sangma said \"it is important not to refer to the issue to a particular group...a particular religion.\"\"India has to take a proactive role in engaging with neighbours.\" This would also help trade and commerce, he added. He felt it would be \"prudent to find a practical answer which can be implemented, instead of politicizing the issue\".When asked whether he feels the North East has been neglected by the rest of India, Sangma said \"It is a catch-22 situation. Attention as far as developmental initiatives with focus on North East designed to promote investment have been there. But there is still a huge gap between availability of assistance and development,\" he observed.The doctor turned politician was of the view that \"the long international boundaries must be converted into boundaries of growth. They should be borders of prosperity instead of conflict,\" he added.According to him, there was a need to aggressively pursue all possibilities of trade and commerce with the neighbouring countries including border trade and engage further so that the bottlenecks in improving trade and commerce are removed. \"The possibility of Bangladesh as a transit point for trade, through the Chittagong port for instance, can fructify,\" the chief minister said. He felt this can be done if action plans drawn up in a timely manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723686", "title": "Stiff challenge ahead of coal-based power plants", "text": "KOLKATA: Cut down on coal consumption or pay penalty. With the rollout date of PAT scheme round the corner, coal-fired power generation plants - like Bandel V and Kolaghat units - in the state are facing a real threat since their performance in recent years has been far below the desired level.Efficiency of these plants will be put to test from March 2014 once they're subjected to the \"Perform, Achieve and Trade\", or PAT, scheme undertaken by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE). In case they under perform, these plants will have to shell out a penalty calculated on the basis of what remains to be achieved to meet the target. The index will then be multiplied by the present cost of energy (Rs 10,154 per tonne of oil).The laggards have been under scanner since 2006 when the state level committee proposed to shut down some of them.PAT is a market-based mechanism in which sectors are assigned efficiency targets.While units which fail to meet targets will be penalized, those who over-achieve will get incentives in the form of energy-saving certificates. These certificates are tradeable and can be bought by other industries unable to achieve their targets. Power plants and other industries can trade these certificates like carbon.The target fixed for energy-guzzling power plants seems quite stiff for some, particularly for Bandel and Kolaghat. Power plant managers have to reduce coal consumption by 2-4% to bring down heat rate and a poor plant load factor (PLF). For example, Bandel power plant has a poor PLF of 40-44% while the Kolaghat plants taken together have a 70% PLF.The BEE, however, wants these plants to cut down coal consumption by 50%, thus scaling down the consumption from 6.68 million tonne to 3.21 million tonne. Bandel consumes 6,000 tonne of coal at present. The figure stands at 20,000 tonne for Kolaghat power plants.The West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Corporation Ltd (WBSEDCL) has been asked to keep tabs on the energy conservation target as a state agency of the BEE. The WBSEDCL will calculate the energy efficiency based on coal consumption by boilers and the coal and oil used to light up the boilers.The state-level committee for preparation of power sector's perspective plans resolved in 2006 that electricity should be generated at the highest attainable level of efficiency with minimum level of pollution. The committee also resolved that polluting power plants may be phased out after 30 years of installation if they fail to meet the environment standards. \"The committee held that fuel and technology choices for new power stations should be based on cost-benefit analysis taking into account both environmental and health costs,\" a state power official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718800", "title": "Gang steals home dream", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At a time when the major political parties in the state are busy warring about housing for the aam aadmi, a former government employee's dream of buying a home was shattered after Rs 4 lakh cash, he was carrying for the payment, was stolen.The city police have started search for gangs involved in thefts from autorickshaws.Satellite police said that Parvish Chavda, resident of Savan Bungalows on Kalwad Road in Rajkot, recently retired as chief auditor from the Jamnagar Municipal Corporation.He lives with his wife and younger son in Rajkot whereas, his elder son lives in the capital city of Gandhinagar.\"The elder son, Alpesh, had recently purchased a house in Gandhinagar. Towards the payment, he needed Rs 4 lakh and had sought help of his father. On Friday, Chavda started off for Ahmedabad in a private bus after withdrawing Rs 4 lakh from his bank account,\" said a Satellite police official.He reached Iskcon Circle on SG Road at 6 pm and was waited for bus to go to Alpesh's place inGandhinagar.After some time, an auto came to the bus stand and the driver readily agreed to take Chavda to Gandhinagar. The driver said that he would carry other passengers too and charge only Rs 20 from him.Chavda got in and put his suitcase in a corner. Soon, three other men boarded the auto and one of them sat on Chavda's bag.\"The driver halted the auto near Pakwan Crossroads and asked Chavda to get down as he did not want to go to Gandhinagar. Surprised, Chavda got down and collected his belongings.\"\"After a while, he got in to a bus and reached his son's house. It was only then that he realized that the cash he had put in the suitcase was gone. He informed his son and police too,\" said the official.Police said that the men posing as passengers might have been acting in collusion with the auto driver and could opened the bag and stolen the cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718249", "title": "I was into Karate first: Saina Nehwal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Had Saina Nehwal not taken up badminton, she would have been breaking bricks and bones with her bare hands. \"I was into karate first, but could not move beyond the brown belt,\" she says. \"So, my uncle advised me to take up badminton at five years. After that, there was no looking back.\"Recalling that it was a difficult to give up academics for badminton, she says, \"Success calls for sacrifice. I had to leave my studies to participate in the Beijing Olympics. But, I have no regrets as my reward has no parallel. My parents have made huge sacrifices for me. Now is my time to return that favour.\"When not on the court, Saina watches cartoons and Bollywood movies. \"Shah Rukh Khan is my favourite,\" she adds. \"I have watched almost all his movies, but of late, I have started liking Ranbir Kapoor.\" She also loves watching Roger Federer in action and makes it a point not to miss any of his games.Saina firmly believes that her biggest asset is her will power. She says, \"My guru taught me the mantra is to remain calm. Mental control is most crucial in sport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "15727833", "title": "Explosives seized, youth, father arrested by police near Kumbakonam", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: Police have arrested a youth and his father for possessing explosives such as gelatine sticks, detonators and few other devices at their residence in Mathulampettai near Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district, on Saturday. The explosives were destroyed by the expert team later in the evening.According to police, R Anand (29) and his father Rajendran (55) were accused of possessing explosives in their residence. Anand was working as a construction labourer and his father was a coolie. Based on a tip-off, the Kumbakonam west police team conducted a search in their residence on Friday night. During the search, they found 13 electronic detonators, 15 normal detonators, 26 gelatine sticks and few other electronic devices that can be used for making bombs. Both of them were then arrested and investigation Is on.Initial investigation revealed that Anand's friend, Chinnamani was staying in their residence few months back. He allegedly left three bags at Anand's residence during his last visit and since then did not come back to take them. When police found the explosives in the bag, the father-son duo denied any role in it. Police have now launched a lookout for Chinnamani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15721744", "title": "PPP prepares for showdown with judiciary", "text": "ISLAMABAD: With a showdown between the government and the judiciary looming, top leaders of Pakistan's ruling party have held two meetings to prepare a strategy for the standoff and to decide whether the Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf should appear in court on Monday to face a contempt charge.The order was discussed at a meeting of the PPP's top leadership on Friday chaired by the PM and President Asif Ali Zardari . Both agreed that the government does not want any confrontation with the judiciary and that it would act on any ruling while keeping the interests of the people and country in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15714600", "title": "Meta-college entrance test today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University will conduct the first entrance test for its four-year BTech course in humanities under the meta-college concept on Sunday. More than 450 first-year undergraduate students of DU have registered for the one-hour test, which will start from 10am in Arts Faculty in North Campus.The university announced the concept of meta-college in February this year, where students will be allowed to design their own course. Students who are currently enrolled in any regular full-time course at any DU college or with the School of Open Learning (SOL) and non-collegiate students are eligible to apply for the degree course.The programme, which will accommodate 40students, will be offered by the Cluster Innovation Centre (CIC) of the university from September this year.According to the admission schedule and notification, the entrance test will have 60 multiple-choice questions of 120 marks. There will be no negative markings. The test will be followed by interviews for 80 shortlisted students and the final merit list will be announced based on 160 marks (120 marks from the entrance and 40 from interview).According to DU authorities, 452 students have registered for the test, of which over 100 students are from the SOL and the non-collegiate categories. Meta-college students will be allowed to pursue different subjects at different colleges in Delhi University.They will be allowed to choose the subjects and the college. For example, a student can study history in the first semester at Hindu College and economics in the second semester at Shri Ram College of Commerce. The students will also be able to specialize in any of the available subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15727828", "title": "2 international flights greet Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: In a historic day of sorts for the Madurai airport, two chartered flights from Malaysia landed at the airport on Saturday afternoon, making them the first set of international aircrafts that landed in the temple city.The arrival of Malaysian flights with 18 tourists marked a day of celebration among the industrial community in Madurai who were demanding operation of flights to international destinations for long. A battery of government officials, including DRO Ravindran, customs commissioner Fakim Ahmed, representatives of industry like N Jegatheesan, president of Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, airport committee chairman and Virudhunagar MP Manick Tagore greeted the visitors.\"Every year, we visit Tamil Nadu. But we used to arrive in Chennai airport and then travel on road to reach this part of the country which is time consuming. But, this time around we managed to arrive at Madurai in three hours from Malaysia. It is all the more exciting that we are part of the history of Madurai airport since we are the first international visitors,\" said A Geetha, who was one among the entourage. Of the 18 passengers, 14 belong to the family of Geetha, while four of their neighbours also accompanied. \"Our native is Gudiyatham. My grandparents are still there though we were born and brought up in Malaysia. We have planned to spend three days in Tamil Nadu visiting various religious and tourist places,\" she said.The first chartered flight landed at 1.15pm while the second landed minutes later. The immigration cell established on Monday last performed its first immigration clearance exercise for the 18 visitors.Mohamad Razeef Musa, pilot of the Berjaya Air Squadron that operated the flight said that they have flown to many countries but no where did they get such an overwhelming response. \"When we told that we were the first international flight we were apprehensive over the standard of the airport. But it was a pleasant surprise to find state of the art facilities here,\" he said.The modernised integrated world class terminal building built at a cost of Rs 130 crore with a runway extended to 7,500 feet to facilitate introduction of international flights was inaugurated in September 2010. In December, 2010, it was declared as a customs airport. But operation of international flights did not materalise due to factors including lack of bilateral treaty agreement with various countries for operating flights to Madurai.With the operation of flights from Madurai, the airport is all set to see more international flights occupying the air space around Madurai. SpiceJet and Mihin Lanka have sought permission from the director general of civil aviation to commence their operations from Madurai to Colombo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15715556", "title": "Zuari Industries Limited security officer booked in sucide case", "text": "Vasco: The security officer in charge of Zuari Industries Limited (ZIL), Dalip Kumar, who was placed under suspension following a strike by the security guards and other workers on Friday, was booked for abetment of suicide of Sanjay Dessai, a security guard whose body was found at Siridao on Saturday.Police said a case of abetment to suicide was registered under Section 306 read with Section 34 of IPC against Kumar and others.The body of Dessai, who jumped from the Zuari bridge two days ago, was washed ashore at Siridao. His relatives have demanded that Kumar be arrested immediately, alleging that he harassed Dessai. Union leader Christopher Fonseca has demanded adequate compensation to the next of kin of Dessai besides employment.The case is booked based on a complaint filed against Kumar at the Verna police station. A counter complaint was filed stating that 20 persons threatened Kumar at his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15754759", "title": "Balakrishna\u2019s Srimannarayana gets A certificate", "text": "Nandamuri Balakrishna's forthcoming action entertainer Srimannarayana received A certificate from the censor board. The movie completed all the censor formalities and is now gearing for release on August 30.Parvathi Melton and Isha Chawla are playing the leading ladies in this movie, which showcases Balayya as a powerful journalist.Meanwhile, it was reported that Srimannarayana would celebrate its audio platinum disc function tomorrow (August 26, 2012) in Hyderabad. Chakri has scored the music, which has got good response from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15725845", "title": "Saina mania hits Ahmedabad", "text": "Saina Nehwal was only nine when she saw a dream not many of her age would even think of \u2014 an Olympic medal. Such was her determination to bring laurels for the nation that she chose badminton over cartoons, rigorous fitness regime over movies and proper diet food over junk.At 22, in the month of August this year, all her hardships and sacrifices of her parents finally paid off as she stood on the podium wearing the London Olympic bronze medal around her neck, her head held high and tears of joy rolling down her eyes as she saw the Indian tricolour being hoisted. \"Earlier, after every loss I used to cry but I coach said if you keep crying then when will you start winning? I have learnt a lot from my experiences and am a much stronger player mentally. But I still cry after losing and also after winning big matches,\" Saina said.\"My father didn't tell me till recently that how he had borrowed money from his friends so that I could have shoes, rackets and shuttle cocks. I chose badminton and gave up studies in 12th class to take part in 2008 Beijing Olympics.Results were disappointing there . However , I am very happy I did it this time around ,even though it was only a bronze ,\" she said. Apart from realizing her dreams, Saina said she was glad she kept her promise . \"While leaving for London, I promised my dad that I would bring back medal . Though it was not the colour I wanted , but still at least I got the medal ,\" top Indian shuttler said in a press conference during her visit to the city on Saturday.Saina is loving every moment of her glory , but she is not among those who will sit on her laurels. \"My next target is Asian Games and Commonwealth Games . And 2016 Olympics is definitely on cards , but I will see how my body is doing,\" she said.Superachiever smashes the skewed sex ratioAHMEDABAD: Saina Nehwal, India's only shuttler to win an Olympic medal , was born in Hisar district of Haryana , which is infamous for its skewed sex ratio . However , Saina believes that the situation is no longer the same in India.\"I think over the past decade or so, more parents have been happy to be blessed with daughters,\" Saina said in an exclusive interview to TOI on Saturday . She expressed optimism when asked if her recent exploits at the London Olympics \u2014 where she won a bronze medal \u2014 would work as a catalyst for social change. \"For years , girls have achieved as much as boys , but now that I have won a medal , girls' feats have been highlighted ,\" she said . \"I will be more than happy if my medal , and Mary Kom's , brings a change to society's approach towards the girl child,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15727559", "title": "Workshop at IIM-I ends", "text": "INDORE: A four-day advanced workshop &amp; tutorial on operations research (AWTOR) 2012 came to an end on Saturday at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I). The workshop sponsored by the Operations Research Society of India (ORSI), Ahmedabad chapter, was a grand success with many eminent academicians delivering lectures.The objective of the workshop was to enable researchers and teachers to develop competence and understanding on recent advances in operations research and related areas, and to foster academic research collaboration. The workshop comprised of tutorial lectures by invited speakers as well as some faculty members from the IIM Indore. The event also witnessed a few research paper presentations.The workshop was attended by more than 40 participants, including research scholars and faculty members from different IIMs and IITs and other institutes of similar stature. Director, IIM Indore, Dr N Ravichandran delivered a lecture on 'teaching operations research: learning from experience'. The programme concluded with a vote of thanks from Dr Nagarajan Krishnamurthy of IIM-I, who was the coordinator of the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15716344", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority may appoint special official for water issues", "text": "GURGAON: In order to overhaul the water management system in the city, the HUDA is now planning to appoint an official of the executive engineer rank to look after its functioning.In Gurgaon, HUDA is the sole authority looking after issues pertaining to water supply. Senior HUDA officials claimed that being the biggest supplier of the drinking water and provider of infrastructure in the city, the need for a proper department dedicated to water management is a must.Praveen Kumar , the HUDA administrator, Gurgaon, has sent a detailed proposal to the headquarters regarding the need to appoint an executive engineer who will solely look after issues related to water management and system.The proposal has envisaged the need for better water resource management in the city. \"The main function of the HUDA is not just providing water but also providing infrastructure to both old and new Gurgaon. For all this, it is necessary that experienced officials look after these issues,\" said the HUDA official.The proposal has been greeted with enthusiasm by the citizen rights group in the city. \"The HUDA should have done this long time back. Appointing one official of executive engineer level for water will solve a lot of city's problems,\" said Raman Sharma, an RTI activist.The residents also claimed that there are several colonies in different zones of the HUDA which either do not have water connection, or if they do, there is no supply. \"Having a separate department dealing with water supply and infrastructure will clear the confusions and the HUDA will be able to address water issues in a more effective manner,\" said Amit Arora, general secretary, Sector 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15720745", "title": "Couple held for woman\u2019s murder in Mysore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rural police on Friday night arrested a couple in connection with a murder of a 53-year-old woman, whose body was found in a decomposed state near Mysore.The couple was later handed over to the Karnataka police. Police claimed that the couple had murdered the woman as she demanded them to repay the loan.The couple was identified as M Anand, 42, a daily wage labourer, and his wife A Anandi, 40, a flower seller of Jadal Naidu Street in Perianaickenpalayam. According to police, the couple had kidnapped their neighbour M Maria Pushpam (53), who was a member of marketing business, to Mysore.Police said the couple had borrowed Rs 10,000 as loan from Maria and did not repay it. Whenever Maria demanded the couple to repay the amount, they used abusive words against her and returned some amount.Later, the couple had conspired to finish her off. Anand and Anandi lured the victim and took her to Mysore by bus promising to introduce a few clients to her marketing business. Later, the couple killed Maria by strangulating her neck in a deserted area at T Narasipura.The couple snatched the victim's gold jewels and pledged at a local pawn shop and raised Rs 50,000. The police recovered four sovereigns of gold jewels from them. The couple was later handed over to T Narasipura police.Maria Pushpam did not return to her home and her family members lodged a complaint with Perianaickenpalayam police. They told that Maria went to attend a business meet at Sathyamangalam in Erode on August 20 and had planned to attend a relative's marriage function in Trichy on the same day. On August 23, T Narasipura police informed Perianaickenpalayam police that a woman body was found in a decomposed state at their police limit near Mysore. Then the family members of the victim rushed to Mysore and confirmed her identity. The T Narasipura police had registered a case under section 302 (murder) of IPC.However, Perianaickenpalayam police also conducted detail inquiry and secured the couple on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15716161", "title": "Hyderabad youth rescued off Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Hyderabad, Durgesh Karmani, 21, was rescued by lifeguards at Calangute on Friday evening.According to Drishti, a group of tourists from Hyderabad was playing in a no-swim zone on the left side of the Calangute lifeguard tower. At around 5.30pm, when they moved 20-30m seawards, due to a sudden change in water level, a member of the group, Durgesh, found it difficult to stay afloat and raised his hand for help towards the lifeguards. On noticing the tourist in difficulty, lifeguard Siddesh Bhagat immediately rushed towards Durgesh and secured him with a rescue tube and brought him safely to the shore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722263", "title": "Compulsory e-meters in all taxis by Aug 2013", "text": "MUMBAI: This could be good news for commuters. Every taxi in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai will have to compulsorily switch over from mechanical to e-meters latest by August 2013.This is part of the recommendations made by the Hakim committee which sources said will be accepted by the government, which is likely to issue a notification soon.Former union secretary PMA Hakim, in his report, observed, \"It is indeed unfortunate that even today a very large number of taxis are operating with mechanical meters. The 1996 report had dealt with this at some length and sadly some of the expectations expressed then have yet to materialize. This is a subject on which there is considerable resentment and dissatisfaction, justifiably so, among the passengers.\"In Mumbai, at least 50% taxis have mechanical meters which show Re 1 as the minimum fare and jumps to 10 paise subsequently. \"Passengers have to pay fares based on a table prepared in accordance with the existing fare structure. This has to be done away with and there has to be zero tolerance,\" Hakim stated. In case of autorickshaws, the state government has already issued a notification, making it mandatory for all new autos (from March 2012) and existing autos to switch over to the e-meters. The e-meters in existing autos will be fixed during annual fitness tests.The report stated, \"A similar notification for taxis should be issued immediately. Considering the period of one year required for its full implementation, all taxis should be fitted with electronic meters latest by August 2013. It would have been ideal to suggest that the revised fare structure based on this report should apply to only those taxis fitted with e-meters. But since they will be (finally) given time up to the next renewal, it may not be proper to do so.\" The report also stated that the RTO will have to ensure that taxis without e-meters are not allowed to ply after August 2013. \"No excuse for not installing e-meters should be accepted,\" Hakim said.Also, recalibration of e-meters should be done within 45 days after announcement of a fare hike and action should be taken against drivers not recalibrating e-meters within this period, he suggested.At present, 20,000 black-and-yellow taxis in Mumbai have been fitted with the e-meters while an equal number of autos have installed these gadgets in the past six months. Nearly 50,000 autos are expected to have e-meters by year end, sources said.Taxi unions have welcomed the decision by Hakim committee to suggest for more taxi stands, parking spaces in Mumbai and incentives for prepaid cab service. The committee has also requested the government to identify new taxi routes based on commuter demands and introduce shuttle services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15730229", "title": "Every industry should hire northeast people", "text": "Filmmaker and companion of late Assamese poet and singer Bhupen Hazarika, Kalpana Lajmi wants a team from the Hindi film industry to visit the northeast on a peace mission. She tells Bharati Dubey that it's high time the rest of India opened its arms to the regionHow do you react to reports of violence in the northeast?I was so closely associated with Bhupenda , whose work as an artiste carried the fragrance of the soil of the northeast and its emotions. So, it came as a shock to me when I realized the magnitude of the issues only after violence spilled over at Azad Maidan (Mumbai). We are desensitised when we move away from a place, but when its issues reverberates closer home, it hits you. Nobody understands the geography of the northeast; they're often dismissed off as \"chinkis\".Bhupenda fought not only the region's geographical or political isolation, but the national isolation too. The northeast has never got representation in the mainstream- media or films. When I met Bhupenda, I didn't know where Guwahati was. Bhupenda asked how the rest of India could have no curiosity about the northeast. And that is the grievance the entire northeast has against the rest of India.Why don't the northeast people assert themselves?They are very simple people. Even the governments have never worked towards making them aware of their rights. The only person who really tried to make a difference was Rajiv Gandhi , who reached out to the Assam student union. Arunachal Pradesh feels closer to China than New Delhi; the only state that is trying to get into the mainstream is Mizoram.Why do you think there's so much tension and violence there?One cannot deny the fact that Bangladeshi labourers live in poverty and migrate for food and living. But the influx got bigger and bigger which the government ignored. Bodos feel that they don't have land as it's been taken over by the migrant Muslims; the Assamese Hindus feel the same. I am told if a census is done today, there will be 72% Muslims in the Brahmaputra region, and Hindus and tribals at just 38%. There is also a feeling that one day a Bangladeshi immigrant may take over as the chief minister of a northeastern state.Friends in Assam say that they have lived in harmony with the Muslims, and that the quarrel is between the Bodos and the immigrant who have outnumbered them. I tell them it is a communal issue as it is a fight between the Muslims and non-Muslims . How can you even call them Bangladeshi if they have lived in India for over 50 years?Are any artistes involved in the peace process?The artiste today does not want to opine on any situation that takes him away from his narcissistic world. He only talks about power . As for the Hindi film industry , there was a time when the Leftist movement was there with progressive people like Sardar Jafri, Kaifi Azmi and Balraj Sahni , who brought awakening through cinema. But today only a few people like Shabana Azmi , Mahesh Bhatt and Aparna Sen speak about issues on social platforms. I am sorry to say no star has come out and done anything, except for Aamir Khan , who too has addressed safe social issues. There are not many northeastern people in the film industry; there are fewer in television industry, but that's because they are still not accepted into the fold.Are you planning to do anything to bring peace back in the region?I am planning to ask CM Tarun Gogoi to request artistes like Shabana Azmi, Javed Akhtar and Mahesh Bhatt to make the people feel at home. There is a need to make them understand that violence is not the solution. There is a need to get leaders and NGOs with no political ambitions to come forward. There is a need to decide once again the cut-off date for newer immigrants. But I still feel it is a deep-rooted problem as one cannot differentiate between the local and the immigrant.What should be done to end the alienation of the northeast from the rest of India?Every industry outside the state should absorb them. Imagine 70% of beauty parlours and Chinese joints in Bangalore are run by the northeastern people; it means they have been absorbed but they cannot open similar businesses which is sad. We live in Mumbai, are Maharashtrians and allowed to work in other places also, but why are they considered alien? It is also sad to hear fallacies being spread about the girls - that those with \"chinki\" eyes are promiscuous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15749786", "title": "Karnataka receives heavy rainfall in last 24-hours", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka in last 24-hours ending 8.30am on Sunday recorded a 24-hour surplus rainfall of 206% receiving 15.9mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 5.2mm. Karnataka however from June 1 to August 26 has recorded deficit rainfall of 29%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 653.5mm in south-interior, north-interior, Malnad and coastal parts, state received 463.4mm rainfall.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned last 24-hours is considered as fairly widespread since 67% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall of greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Mulki in Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 199.5mm in the state in this period. Rainfall was widespread in 11 districts; fairly widespread in 11 others; scattered in seven; and isolated in one.South-west monsoon was vigorous in six districts; active in eight; and normal in 16 districts. Very heavy rain was recorded in three districts; heavy rain in 14 districts; rather heavy rain in 11 districts; and moderate rain in two districts. Widespread, rather heavy to very heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Udupi, Koppal, Bangalore Rural, Dakshina Kannada, Gulbarga, Hassan, Tumkur, Chikmagalur, Bijapur, and Bagalkote districts.Fairly widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Bellary, Chikkaballapur, Shimoga, Ramanagar, Bidar, Dharwad, Davanagere, Chitradurga, Uttara Kannada, Bangalore Urban, Gadag and Mysore districts; scattered, moderate to heavy rain in Yadgir, Mandya, Belgaum, Haveri, Raichur and Kolar districts; and isolated, rather heavy rain in Chamarajanagar district, Bangalore based KSNDMC stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15709891", "title": "Upper Lake water off limits for drinking from January 2013", "text": "BHOPAL: The Upper Lake water will not be used for drinking purposes from January 2013. In an attempt to maintain the water level in the Upper Lake, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is planning to stop the use of the lake for drinking purposes.\"It took six years for the Bhadbhada gates to open. We draw around 10 million gallons per day (mgd) water from the Upper Lake each day. If we stop using water from the Upper Lake for drinking purpose, the water level can be maintained and during every monsoon, the lake will reach its full tank capacity,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.\"The 10 mgd water will be compensated with the Narmada and Kolar water,\" he added. \"We have drafted a basic plan for the same. This is expected to be implemented from December 2012 or January 2013,\" he said.There is another reason to stop usage of water in the Upper Lake for drinking purposes. \"Last week, some experts from Washington were consulted in regards to the condition of water in the upper lake. As per their observation, the water in the Bholjtal is stagnant, since it is a still water body in the middle of the city. If the gates of the Bhadbhada dam are opened every year, the polluted water from the lake can be easily released,\" the commissioner said.\"When polluted water from the bottom of the lake will be thrown out, the lake water will be less polluted and this will improve the quality of water in the lake,\" he said.25% areas receive water from lakeSewage from nearly 200-300 houses is directly flows down into the Upper Lake. Waste from Kahnugaon is also directly let into the Upper Lake. Nearly 1/4th of the city receives water from the Upper Lake.Udit Garg, in-charge, upper lake conservation, said, \"During monsoons, the nullahs are not diverted to the waste water recycling plants. They directly flow into Upper Lake. However, during other seasons, the nullahs are diverted to waste water recycle plants from where the water is let into the Upper Lake. Around 14 nullahs lead to the Upper Lake.No boating after 6 pmThere will be no boating in the Upper lake after 6 pm .Though it's an old rule, the administration will now follow it strictly. It would be applicable both for private boats, speed boats and other boats operated by Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC) failing which strict actions will be taken against them, said collector Nikunj Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15720608", "title": "Funny side up", "text": "Almost every weekend, R Ramabadran, 61-year-old import-export manager at a Chennai company, occupies a front row seat at an S Ve Shekher satire. Of the 5,700 shows Shekher's troupe Nataka Priya has performed over the last 35 years of their existence, Ramabadran has seen 4,000. Sometimes he watches the same play over and over, but that has never bothered him. \"Though the storyline is the same, I feel like I am watching a new play. It is because Shekher incorporates current affairs into the dialogues and that's what makes it seem new,\" says Ramabadran.In fact, says Ramabadran, most of the audience is comprised of people like him - those who keep coming back for more, simply because of the second-by-second improvisation that takes place on stage. \"My aim is 100 minutes, 200 laughs,\" says Shekher. \"I have a definitive storyline, but laughter is what keeps my audience coming back. How else would just 25 plays run for 5,700 shows?\" Meanwhile, every weekend since 2008, somewhere in the city (or the world) 'Crazy' Mohan and his troupe have been performing a comedy called 'Chocolate Krishna'.It's just been three years, but they have already crossed the 500th show mark and are going strong. They haven't skipped a weekend so far, says Mohan. Here, the script remains the same, yet, most people in the audience are likely to have seen the play more than three times on an average. Bookings, says Mohan's manager, have to be made at least a month in advance.While several city theatre troupes lament that the 70s and 80s were the golden era for Tamil drama and that their audience has come down because of television, Mohan and Shekher have somehow managed to hold on to that shine, thanks to their distinctive brands of humour. They have starred in every single one of their shows, come rain or shine, in sickness or health (as was the case with Mohan on Saturday, suffering from a gastric infection).While for Mohan it is adding newer elements (like the magic in 'Chocolate Krishna', for instance) into his plays, for 62-year-old Shekher, his appeal lies in the fact that he changes his dialogues every day, every show. \"I have done back-to-back shows,\" says Ramabadran, seemingly Shekher's most ardent fan, \"and the dialogues felt different.\" Last year, 2G was a favourite, last week, the jokes were all about the emu farms going bust as it was in the news, and a couple of days ago, it was the fact that people were allowed only 5 SMSes a day.But Shekher says the success of his shows - and for that matter, any Tamil satire - lies in not crossing over into mindless humour. \"The audience would reject me if that was all I did,\" says Shekher, who adds that his inspiration has always been playwright Cho Ramaswamy and his father S Venkataraman, who was called the 'Avvai Shanmughi' of Tamil theatre for his ability to play female roles with panache. \"I take my comedy seriously. Otherwise I would have lost steam a long time ago,\" he says. Which is why at the end of every show, Shekher spends time interacting with his audience, answering their questions on why he lampooned a certain political party, or dissecting whether he could have done a joke differently.For Mohan, inspiration comes from satirist P G Wodehouse and Tamil writers Kalki and Devan. \"And late actor Nagesh and director K Balachander. That is why the hero of all plays is named Madhu, actor Nagesh's character in KB's play 'Ethir Neechal'.\" Despite their full houses, both satirists admit that television gives them a run for their money. Ramabadran's wife, for instance, never accompanies him to any of the plays, preferring to remain in the comfort of her home, watching soaps. \"But I can't stand the melodrama. I come here to get away from it all,\" he says.The answer, they say, lies in keeping with the times. \"We let the TV soaps deal with the mundane household drama. No one is going to travel an hour from their homes, pay Rs 500 to watch something they can see on TV for free. We look for newer themes, trendy concepts, because my audience is boys and girls, men and women between five years and 75 years,\" says Mohan, who is working on his next script 'Google Gadotkacha', which he hopes will have an essence of both the new and the ancient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15728069", "title": "Nine officials suspended for fraud in Madurai corporation", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has unearthed irregularities to the tune of Rs 1.7 crore and has suspended nine officials, besides cracking down on the contractors involved in the scam.City corporation commissioner, R Nanthagopal, said, that Rs 97 lakh has been retrieved from the contractors. The contractors had managed to obtain funds from the civic body without executing the projects. The suspended civic body officials had passed on the bills, paid cash to the contractors and prepared records showing that works have been completed. \"An assistant commissioner, who was in-charge during the period when the irregularities were committed, has also been transferred,\" said Nanthagopal.In a statement, Nanthagopal said that assistant executive engineers Munir Ahamed, Kulandaivel and Balayya, junior engineers Rajasekar and Santhanam, assistant engineer Arumugam, junior assistant engineer Saravanan and two other staff Murugeswari and Parthasarathy who were involved in the fraud have been suspended.Efforts are on to blacklist Suresh Babu, M Muthu, V Chinnathambi, M Dharmar, R Saravanan, Ramesh, Ramakrishnan and Jayaraman. \"The contractors have been made to return Rs 97.95 lakh given to them. The remaining sum of Rs 9.9 lakh has already been withheld by the corporation. The loss incurred by the city corporation due to the fraud has thus been retrieved,\" Nanthagopal said.The irregularities pertained to small and medium-level projects that require an estimate of less than Rs five lakh. These works would be carried out after obtaining approval at the zonal-level itself. During the period of 2008 and 2010, several such projects were planned in North Zone of the city corporation and contractors were given work orders. But none of the works were executed though records were prepared and submitted as if the projects were completed and funds meant for them were exhausted.The issue came to light recently, and the corporation officials were pushed to act. \"Inquiries should be conducted in others zones also if similar irregularities were committed,\" demanded P Vikraman, Madurai urban district secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718068", "title": "Cops rebut claims of insecure coastline", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police issued a press release from the office Director General of Police on Saturday refuting claims that the state was given Rs 300 crore towards the coastal security and said that so far, Rs 8.42 crore have been given for the construction of marine police stations.On Friday, Congress leaders claimed that the central government has sanctioned Rs 300 crore plan for security of Gujarat's coastal border. \"But it appears that Gujarat chief minister wants to make Gujarat's international border unsafe,\" said the statement by the leaders. They had added that expensive and useful boats are lying unutilized.The statement issued by the state police said that the state had asked the central government for Rs 392.47 crore under the coastal security scheme Phase I, in 2005. From the proposal, the government sanctioned 58.42 crore, of which 30 interceptor boats were given in lieu of Rs 50 crore, whereas 10 police stations were constructed from the remaining Rs 8.42 crore.\"All the boats except for three, are deployed for regular patrol. The three have been sent for maintenance to Goa. Training for the marine State Reserve Police (SRP) cadre is on with support from the Indian Navy and Coast Guard,\" said a senior state police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712045", "title": "Illegal sheds razed at ENT hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking cognizance of temporary structures being constructed on a contested land parcel behind the ENT hospital in Koti, the GHMC officials pulled them down earlier this week.A report that appeared in these columns on August 14, highlighted the dispute between the hospital authorities and some individuals regarding ownership of 3381 square yards on the south western side of the hospital.The two-decade old dispute went through the city civil court on two occasions where the plea of the individuals was dismissed. The dispute then entered the high court where it is pending.Hospital authorities say an interim order granted by the high court in 2011 asking the government not to dispossess the petitioners of the land has emboldened the claimants to now start using it. The allegation levelled by the hospital authorities is that the order was obtained by misrepresenting facts of the case.It was reported that sheds were constructed and the land was given out for parking medium and heavy vehicles. On Wednesday GHMC officials took cognizance of the installations and demolished the installations.However GHMC's quick reaction was lost on hospital authorities who reported that house numbers were allocated to a disputed property and wondered what could be the reason behind it.In another related incident, one of the individuals who had allegedly attacked one of the hospital staff in February this year following an altercation over land usage was remanded to judicial custody by the Sultan Bazaar police earlier this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716090", "title": "One held for manhandling police officials", "text": "PUNE: The Khadki police on Friday arrested a 30-year-old man for allegedly manhandling a police inspector and a woman assistant police inspector of the traffic branch. The incident took place around 10.30 am on Friday near Mariaai gate in Khadki on the Pune-Mumbai highway.Senior police inspector of the Khadki police station Bhimrao Tele said that Ade and Jadhav were conducting a drive against vehicles with tinted glass. \"They stopped a car driven by Sameer Dauskar of Vadgaonsheri, and enquired about the dark glass on the vehicle,\" Tele said.Dauskar started arguing with the woman officer. \"He asked Jadhav whether she had a proper order to conduct the checking. Jadhav showed him the court order, but he continued to argue,\" Tele said.Tele said that Dauskar then manhandled Jadhav and Ade. \"We arrested him and produced him in court. He was released on bail,\" Tele said. He said Dauskar is an employee of a private company.Since August 3, the traffic branch has taken action against 6,600 vehicle owners for using dark film on their vehicles.The police have collected Rs 6.60 lakh fine from the offenders. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare has appealed to car owners and drivers to remove tinted film from the windscreens and windows of their four-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "this is a migration very few know of or care about. but a staggering 1 million people may have been forced out of their homes in the northeast in the past 20 years alone. and the displacement continues. whenever it is geography, not shared history or culture that binds men, the coexistence is bound to be tremulous and uneasy, reports anand soondas", "code": "15724883", "title": "Conflict country", "text": "This is a migration very few know of or care about. But a staggering 1 million people may have been forced out of their homes in the northeast in the past 20 years alone. And the displacement continues. Whenever it is geography, not shared history or culture that binds men, the coexistence is bound to be tremulous and uneasy, reports Anand Soondas:The memories are a bit hazy, but the blur in Mahendra Singh's mind is more than compensated by the warmth in his heart for the small Shillong locality he left many years ago. \"It was in 1994 that we packed our bags,\" he says, talking over phone from Varanasi where he's just set up a food business. \"Dad was a scientist and we lived in Bishnupur. It all began as a tribal versus non-tribal thing, in 1989, I think. I was just a boy then. First it was the Nepalis and the Bengalis who were targeted. Soon everyone was called 'outsiders' . I still remember asking my father to show me what a curfew looked like.\"Many miles away in Mumbai, Vikas Singh, around the same age as Mahendra, has one thing in common with the mustachioed , big man. Shillong. \"I was there from 1970 to 1990,\" he says. \"I was too young to understand the political dynamics, but slowly became aware of the antagonism in the air and the frequent bandhs and random violence. Suddenly, after 20 years in a city I absolutely loved, it was time to go. There was no future for us as 90 per cent of jobs were reserved for locals. We couldn't do business or buy property in our own name.\"The two men are now friends, linked with each other in the unique way that exiles evolve to connect and cry. Sometimes Mahendra and Vikas, over bottles of beer and a fondness for Bhupinder Singh ghazals, talk about old friends, their childhood crushes and the turns their lives have taken. They talk about their love for the northeast, the migration of people like them, and a faint hope that perhaps someday they'll go back to build a house their children can visit during their summer breaks.India's northeastern tip, sometimes condescendingly called the Seven Sisters, has had a tortured history \u2014 of death and destruction , violence and victimization, and, of course, migration and displacement. Perhaps more than in any other part of India, this region, now often ignored by the central government and derided by people outside its boundaries, has always been in furious ferment. The nature of its make-up has been such that coexistence could not have been easy. According to the Norwegian Refugee Council's Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre, there are about 475 different ethnic groups and subgroups in Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Tripura, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Manipur, and Sikkim, accounting for some 400 languages and dialects that a population of around 46 million uses.It's no wonder that coexistence has been so calamitous. These people were not supposed to be in such proximity in the first place. There were only the princely states of Manipur and Tripura, and a large, bulbous and undivided Assam at the time of India's independence in 1947. The country marched on and the geography of the northeast changed, unwilling to be left behind as a multitude of contours took myriad shapes. So Meghalaya was formed in 1972 and Nagaland in 1963, Mizoram in 1986 and Arunachal Pradesh a year later.What didn't change, though, was the fight for land, identity and space. IDMC in a report last year said, \"Nearly a million people have been forced to flee their homes by ethnic violence in northeast India over the past 20 years.\" It says that from the 1990s to the start of 2011, over 800,000 people were forced to flee in episodes of inter-ethnic strife in just parts of Assam, Meghalaya, and Tripura. \"More than 76,000, according to conservative estimates, are still living in displacement...Most people displaced by this violence have been forgotten.\"The modern exodus, of course, began being chronicled in detail 50 years ago. In 1960, a few lakh Bengalis from Assam migrated to neighbouring West Bengal after fights erupted over implementation of the Assam Official Language Act. The new legislation made Assamese the sole official tongue of the state. In 1979, about 20,000 Bengalis were displaced from Meghalaya following attacks by Khasis, and in the 1980s, a mind-boggling 150,000 Bengali and Nepali-speaking people quit Assam because of turmoil created by the six-year anti-foreigner movement launched by the All Assam Students' Union and other organizations. Again, in 1980, close to 100,000 Bengalis were kicked out of Tripura even as Biharis around the same time faced the brunt of Manipuri nationalism . One of the biggest migrations was that of 50,000 Reangs from Mizoram in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15711632", "title": "Day 4: 25 school buses inspected", "text": "BHOPAL: The fourth day of inspection of school buses again brought to fore irregularities in the school buses.On Saturday, 25 buses of St Joseph's Convent, Idgah Hills were inspected by the district administration, school education and regional transport officials. Regional transport inspector (RTI) Keshav Vats said, \"Out of 25 buses inspected, four buses didn't have the relevant documents. Besides, speed governors, first aid boxes and font size of the warning sign were also not up to the mark.\"Commenting on threat by bus owners association of not plying from August 28, he said, \"The drive should be appreciated rather than being opposed. They protest against the 'middle pass' clause which is already in the MP Motor Vehicles Act for any issuance of license to drivers.\" On Friday, out of the 13 buses inspected in Campion School, 10 were found fit while three were plying for more than 20 years and hence were told to be scrapped before the next academic session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726184", "title": "Nitish Kumar to visit Pakistan soon", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has accepted the invitation to visit Pakistan and is likely to visit the neighbouring country in November-December this year subject to clearance from the ministry of external affairs.The invitation was extended to him by Pakistan parliamentary delegation led by senator Jehangir Badr on Saturday. The delegation members had an interactive session with Kumar at the Samvad auditorium of the CM Secretariat and also exchanged views and perceptions about the changed profile of the state that has come about since 2005-06.Upholding the curiosity of the Pakistani parliamentary delegation to know about Bihar, the CM said that 10.38 crore people of the state would highly appreciate their visit to the state.Giving historicity of the state's capital Patna, he said that its ancient name was Patliputra, which, in the mediaeval period got the name Azimabad. The CM also gave details of the changes that had come about in the state, including in the health and education sectors, as well as in matters of empowerment.Overwhelmed by the changed profile of the state, Badr called the Bihar success story a real story, and upholding the quality leadership that the CM had given to the state, he also invited him to visit Pakistan. Senator Haji Adil, in this regard, extended him the formal invitation on behalf of the CMs of all the four provinces of Pakistan, besides inviting him to visit Lahore on behalf of Pakistan People's Party (PPP).When mediapersons drew attention of case of Sarabjeet Singh languishing in Pakistan jail, the delegates said that they too believe that those who have completed their jail term should be repatriated to their respective country at the earliest. Sarabjeet issue has also been made an agenda for the next round of talk, the Pak leaders mentioned. Senator Saeeda Iqbal quelled rumours that there is threat to Sarbjeet's life. Member of National Assembly Anusha Rehman said: \"Hum mohabbat ka paigam lekar aye hain\".Earlier, the delegation visited Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library. Welcoming the delegation, library director Imtiaz Ahmad made a brief power-point presentation introducing the Library and its collection, highlighting the fact that the repository was a major centre of the cultural heritage of the Indian subcontinent in particular, and the Islamic world in general, of the mediaeval period. He also spoke about the visit by Pakistani scholars, researchers, poets and authors like Ahmad Faraz, Intezar Husain, Fatima Hasan and Ayesha Jalal, in recent years as well as the participation of the Library in the SAARC book-fair, organized at Lahore in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716413", "title": "Illegal building in Pavana riverbed demolished", "text": "PUNE: The anti-encroachment department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) on Saturday demolished four unauthorised buildings measuring around 18,000 sq.ft in the Pavana riverbed in Pimple Gurav.The second day of the drive in Sanghvi began around 11.30am in Amrut colony and Williamnagar areas amid heavy police bandobast.Two six-storey buildings, one three-storey building and one structure with only a ground floor were demolished in the drive, which was conducted under the guidance of M T Kamble, the city engineer, and Gulab Dangat, executive engineer.Two excavators, two forklifts and two dumpers were used in the drive. Five deputy engineers, eight junior engineers and 15 labourers participated in the drive. Vishnu Mane, assistant commissioner of police, led a force of 105 policemen for bandobast duty.Pawar to convene meetingDeputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has assured to convene a meeting to discuss the issue of unauthorized constructions in a fortnight. Other issues including the housing scheme for economically-weaker sections, demarcation of floodline and bus rapid transit system will also be discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "15725041", "title": "Train hits car, four die", "text": "Siliguri: Four persons of a family died and two others, including a six-year-old boy, were critically injured after an Alto in which they were travelling was hit by a passenger train at an unmanned level crossing at Gonsaipur near Bagdogra on Saturday evening.The accident took place around 6.30pm when the car was crossing the level crossing. The driver did not notice the approaching Aluabari-bound passenger train. While the car tried to cross the railway track, it was hit by the train. The car was severely damaged in the accident and four persons of a family travelling in the car died at the spot. The boy and the driver of the car were admitted to a local hospital in critical condition. Police are trying to find out the identity of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15724967", "title": "Tour operators' Pench proposal glosses over govt norms on tiger tourism", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lease out 150 sq km of prime forest land to private tourism companies next to a prominent tiger reserve for 50 years. Buy it, if possible. Run an exclusive resort on the cordoned off land with rents upto $4,000 a night providing revenue of upto $4 million a year. Hire a few locals for minor services like supervisors, guards and other lower-level functionaries. This is the proposal from Tour Operators for Tigers (TOFT) \u2014 one of the most prominent association of tiger-tourism operators, who have opposed the Union government's regulations on eco-tourism and the Supreme Court's interim ban on tourism on core of tiger reserves.TOI accessed the business proposal that TOFT had submitted to the Madhya Pradesh government to run the exclusive Africa-style eco-tourism zone adjacent to Mowgli land-Pench Tiger Reserve.TOFT, which has several high-end eco-resort owners and tour operators as partners across the most prominent tiger reserves, has openly solicited and collected funds from tour operators in several countries to fight the Supreme Court's ban and the government's guidelines restricting tourism in the name of Guide Association of Madhya Pradesh and Kanha Lodge Association.The association, along with prominent wildlife NGOs like Wildlife Protection Society of India, whose head Belinda Wright also runs a resort in MP, has taken a public stand against stopping tourism in the core of tiger reserves. TOFT has opposed the imposition of a cess on its revenues to be used for conserving wildlife and providing livelihood to locals as proposed in the government guidelines.The TOFT Pench proposal was advocated in 2009 and got an in-principle approval from the MP government, which too has opposed the restrictions on tiger tourism, but is yet to take off. TOI, however, could not determine the current status. Julian Matthews, who heads TOFT, did not respond to TOI's emailed queries.But the details of the proposal give an insight into the kind of tourism TOFT advocates in India. Documents show that the 'conservancy' operation was to be run by a company called Great Plains Safari Company, which runs similar operations in Africa and National Geographic Society. It was supported by a carbon trading firm backed by the international bank Credit Suisse and the then WWF chairman.The multi-million dollar operation promised to hire 228 locals, including about 65 for running resorts, and the rest of the employees would continue to work for \"government work guarantee scheme\". TOFT sought a three-year tax holiday for its venture. It claimed that the total annual profits would be about $1 million by the end of fifth month of its operations \u2014 of which half would be shared with 'communities'. It has claimed that it would start the controversial carbon trading system in the area by banning cutting of bamboo and restricting harvesting of other timber out of which the `communities' would get $1 million annually. The company would also buy livestock from locals to reduce pressure on the forest land.TOFT has not stepped back even though this particular proposal hasn't come to fruition.On its website it is running a campaign against the guidelines and the court order stating, \"Most of today's conservationists fell in love with nature when staying in these rest houses and lodges (inside the tiger reserves). Valmik Thapar, Bittu Saghal, Billy Arjan Singh to name a few you know. How can you destroy our children's chance of experiencing nature in this natural way?\"TOFT is asking for a different set of norms. It says, \"These guidelines must plan for a huge increase in numbers of visitors, both from International visitors but more especially from our own Indian markets - and you must encourage and incentivize us (with other great wildlife habitats and wildlife experiences) to spread our clients.\"It seeks a \"clear 'road map' as to how to build a better nature tourism industry that delivers both an exceptional wildlife experience to our clients \u2014 comparable with many other parts of the world in which we are in fierce competition \u2014 but most importantly a powerful tool for conservation to save our Forests and Wildlife.\" But it notes, \"sadly, the guidelines do not yet offer any of these benefits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "15725598", "title": "KVM\u2019s Raman House grabs top spot in quiz", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The junior humanities forum of KVM School, Civil Lines, organized a quiz contest at the school auditorium on Saturday. Teams from the six houses\u2014 Gandhi, Nehru, Patel, Raman, Subhash and Tagore\u2014 participated with enthusiasm as their knowledge was tested through different rounds of science, maths, music, sports , literature and a rapid fire. Maintaining a lead throughout the quiz, Raman House grabbed the first position while Gandhi and Subhash Houses followed in second and third positions, respectively. In charge of the middle section Sonia Verma gave away the prizes.Plantation Day at St Bawra School Lajpat Nagar: The staff and students of St Bawra Public High School celebrated \"vanmahotsav\" along with the members of Bharat Vikas Parishad (Shivaji Shakha) at the school campus. Parishad president Jagraj Gupta and secretary Ashwini Garg presided over the celebration as the participants planted over 200 saplings in a municipal park near the school. School director Satish Soi interacted with the parishad members and students and discussed global warming and deforestation. School principal Chander Prabha concluded the function with a speech.Teachers explore the world of numbersShastri Nagar: Around 80 teachers from various CBSE-affiliated school participated in a self-empowerment workshop hosted by BCM Arya Model School on Saturday.The one-day teachers' self-empowerment workshop on \"Latest methodologies and pedagogues in mathematics at primary level\" was held with the motive to give teachers a platform to share their own initiatives undertaken for improving mathematics. The workshop also introduced them to a range of approaches, good practices and concrete strategies.A team of four teachers \u2014 Sweka, Harpreet, Romila and Namita \u2014 conducted the workshop, which centred on various themes like ice-breaking sessions, subject matter and shortcomings, exploring and expressing oneself. Speaking on the occasion, school principal Paramjit Kaur highlighted the importance of mathematics in everyday life and exhorted teachers to work on developing an interest in the subject among students. The workshop motivated the teachers to help children explore and discuss their own world of numbers that has innumerable practical applications in today's highly scientific world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15751674", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal, aides detained; police use force on protesters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal and hundreds of erstwhile Team Anna supporters were detained on Sunday when they marched to the residences of the Prime Minister and Congress and BJP chiefs on the issue of coal block allocation with police using teargas and water cannons to disperse them.Kejriwal was detained for the second time on Sunday as he was picked up from outside the residence of the Prime Minister this morning.The protest also brought to fore differences in the group over targeting BJP, with activist Kiran Bedi keeping herself away from Jantar Mantar.Initially, police did not prevent protesters from marching towards the Prime Minister's residence though barricades were erected at several places. However, as they reached near the residences, they were stopped.The protesters in separate groups marched from Jantar Mantar towards the residences of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Race Course Road, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Janpath and BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Tughlaq Road.Police used water canons and lobbed teargas shells besides using force in Janpath, Akbar Road and Tughlaq Road to disperse the crowd.Kejriwal, who was detained along with Prashant Bhushan, Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas from various places, told reporters \"Our intention was to show the nation that how BJP and Congress were hand-in-glove over the coal allocation issue.We have done our job, it is time we should go back.\"The march was stopped at Janpath, Akbar Road and Tughlaq Road but as the protesters were tried to jump over the barricades to proceed, police warned them and later resorted to using water canons and lobbing teargas shells.Some of the protesters also punctured the tyres of the buses and refused to move out of the place. Police then used force to remove them from the area.Sporadic protests throughout the day were witnessed outside the residences of Prime Minister, the Congress president and the BJP chief and a number of protesters were detained and subsequently released.The day began on a dramatic note with Kejriwal and five others surfacing in front of the residences of the Prime Minister and Congress and BJP party presidents.All the six -- Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai, Kumar Vishas, Sanjay Singh and another person -- were later released from custody after being detained for about an hour at the Mandir Marg police station where their supporters staged a protest and prevented police from taking them to Bawana.While Kejriwal and Gopal were picked up from outside Singh's residence, Sisodia and Vishwas were detained from outside 10 Janpath, the residence of the Congress chief Sonia Gandhi. Sanjay Singh and another person was detained from outside Gadkari's residence.The activists had announced the gherao of the residences of these three leaders alleging that Congress and BJP were hand-in-glove in corruption and involved in the allocation of coal blocks.Though the activists had announced that they will gather at Jantar Mantar and march towards the residences of the leaders, Kejriwal and his aides took others by surprise and came to the protest venues where they were detained.\"What wrong are we doing? We are just sitting quietly on the footpath. At least we should be told why we are being detained,\" Kejriwal said. A spokesperson for the protesters said they did not violate prohibitory orders as only two persons had gathered at the spot.\"When Raj Thackeray takes thousands of his supporters without permission for a protest, police provide protection. What kind of politics is this?\" he said.Kejriwal said, \"we will gherao again. We want to give message to Congress and BJP\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15719470", "title": "Adarsh scam scares Kerala govt", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ricochets of Adarsh scam seem to have rocked the Kerala bureaucracy. The state revenue department has turned down a proposal by the Air Force Naval Housing Board (AFNHB), requesting land for coming up with a housing project for serving and retired Air Force and Navy personnel, citing that \"it may lead to Adarsh-like scams\".\"The proposal may be turned down. The AFNHB is only a housing society which is registered under the Societies Registration Act 1860. When prime land is not available even for development purposes of the state, it need not be given for such purposes. An alternative site can be located but the government need not play the role of a middle-man for locating the land, as it may lead to Adarsh-like scams,\" said the revenue department's note, accessed by the STOI.With this, fate of the ambitious project by the defence welfare organization is almost sealed.\"With the department concerned putting such an objection on record, that too expressing apprehension of another Adarsh-like scam, the housing project may not take off,'' a source said.Union minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju had on May 31, 2007, written to the then chief minister V S Achuthanandan requesting to allot at least 10 acres of land at a suitable location for the AFNHB \"to construct residential units, community facilities, sports complexes, etc., for retired Air Force and Navy personnel of your state''.Following this, the AFNHB put forward a proposal requesting the Kerala government to allot 10 acres from the 135 acres of land near Muttathara, close to the airport. Air Vice-Marshal K P Nair on June 14, 2012, wrote to the government that AFNHB was willing to pay for the land at prevailing government rates.The Muttathara land, ever since the revenue department decided to develop it for housing projects, was eyed by many governmental and semi-governmental organizations given its prime location and proximity to the airport. Though the Kerala government has already given parts of the 135-acre plot to Indian Air Force, Border Security Force and Airports Authority of India, the babus developed cold feet in the case of AFNHB alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15741458", "title": "UNESCO to inspect Charminar, Golconda Fort next month for world heritage tag", "text": "NEW DELHI: Charminar and Golconda Fort, pillars of the Qutb Shahi heritage that adorn the now modern city of Hyderabad, will be inspected by a UNESCO panel next month for their possible inclusion in the coveted World Heritage List.Experts from the UNESCO's International Council of Monuments and Sites will visit Charminar, Golconda Fort and Qutb Shahi tombs in September before they prepare the World Heritage Sites list of 2013.The visit by the panel is mandatory before the UNESCO takes a call on whether these sites are eligible to be inscribed on the World Heritage Sites list.Around the same time, another UNESCO panel, International Union for Conservation of Nature, will also travel to Himachal Pradesh to inspect the Great Himalayan National Park.Both the sites have been forwarded by the government to the UNESCO for declaring them as World Heritage sites in 2013.Currently, India has 27 World Heritage sites.With regard to the structures in Hyderabad, the Andhra Pradesh government is refurbishing the monuments and getting them ready for the inspection.India usually refers many sites from across the country to the UNESCO for declaring them as World Heritage sites, but sometimes withdraws the proposals for want of more documents and other things.Last year, it withdrew its proposal to nominate Shantiniketan, the abode of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore, as world heritage site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727845", "title": "New coconut-based projects get approval", "text": "KOCHI: The Project Approval Committee (PAC) on Technology Mission on Coconut (TMOC) will fund 18 new projects. The decision was taken at the TMOC meeting, chaired by T K Jose, chairman of the Coconut Development Board (CDB) in Kochi on Friday.The projects include four research studies, establishment for setting up of processing units, and market promotion and establishment of coconut hybrid seedlings production units. CARe-Keralam Ltd, a Kinfra Park-based organisation, will conduct three of the four research projects, and these will be on the medicinal qualities of coconut water and virgin coconut oil.Coimbatore-based Amritha Viswa Vidya Peetham University's research project on improving coconut production in Kerala with the help of remote sensing and GIS techniques also won the approval of Committee.College of Agriculture, Vellayani, has got approval for its Rs 1.8 crore project on establishing a coconut hybrid seedlings production unit. Earlier this year, TMOC had sanctioned Rs 3.37 crore as subsidy for 41 projects with total outlay of Rs 27.49 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15731768", "title": "CM: Will work out package for Kudremukh park settlers", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government will shortly convene a meeting of district in-charge ministers, elected representatives of Udupi, Chikmagalur and Dakshina Kannada in Bangalore to discuss rehabilitation package for tribal forest settlers in Kudremukh National Park area. A preliminary discussion has already been held with district in-charge ministers and elected representatives concerned, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said here on Saturday.Interacting with media after his maiden half-day visit to the city, Shettar said since the problem pertains to forest settlers in the three districts, there is need for detailed discussion on the issue before a rehabilitation package can be worked out. \"We will think about relocating (willing) forest settlers after working out a package for them,\" he said adding that the district in-charge ministers had already explained the gravity of the situation to him.On the visit of the central team to drought-affected regions in the state, CM said the state government has already submitted revised short term and long term financial packages amounting to Rs 11,400 crore as directed by Union ministers Sharad Pawar and Jairam Ramesh after they reviewed the situation in Bangalore last. \"I have reiterated my demand to Union finance minister P Chidambaram when I met him in Delhi last week,\" the CM added.The drought relief package announced by the state government in the recently concluded session of the legislature that provides relief worth Rs 3,600 crore will help around 16 lakh farmers, he said, adding the state cabinet at its recent meeting has approved the same. There is need for the Centre to pitch in too with its share in the relief and rehabilitation package, Shettar said, adding relief will be given to farmers.The state government will do a rethink on the recent hike in value added tax (VAT) necessitated by its move to provide relief to a large section of society affected by drought in Karnataka, Shettar said. \"If we are able to mop up additional resources needed for drought relief measures, we will rescind the hike in VAT,\" he said adding that if the present situation persists, Karnataka will face a drought far worse that what it endured in 1971.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726167", "title": "Police inaction worries parents", "text": "PATNA: The suicide committed by Kanchan of Sitamarhi is another shocking example of police callousness in dealing with cases of eve-teasing, molestation and rape in the state.Such incidents add to the worries of not only girls but their parents as well. Ram Kumar, a retired schoolteacher, expressed his anger over the laid-back attitude of police. \"If the police refuse to take action against the eve-teasers or rapists, People of the state will have to do something. The administration claims the law and order situation is improving while incidents of molestation and rape are making headlines almost daily. How can a state progress if its daughters are not safe?\" he said.Looking disillusioned with the law and order situation, Dr Varsha Singh, a counsellor, said, \"Police inaction might be due to gender discrimination and clout of criminals in small places. Girls should, instead, seek help from women organizations or media.\"Manoj Kumar, a businessman, wondered where the society was leading to? \"Such incidents shake the faith of parents in police administration. Young boys of 22-23 years are not scared of police anymore. They openly comment or tease girls on the roadside or at public places. It needs to be checked immediately. What usually happens is that when a particular case is highlighted in media, police becomes hyperactive for a few days only to return to its lax attitude later.\"Chandramukhi Devi, member, State Commission for Women, said, \"Due to police negligence, such incidents has been taking place in recent days. Strict action should be taken against officers who do not act in time. It is but natural that girls will go to police for justice. If their grievances are not taken care of, they will be scared. I hope the CM's intervention in the matter will improve the situation.\"Asked what the police are actually doing in the state capital to keep a check on crime against girls and women, SP (city), Jayant Kant, said, \"We are taking preventive measures. The policemen are deployed outside colleges to protect girls. If the officers at police station level are not addressing the grievances, the girls should bring the matter to senior officers.\"However, former director-general of police (DGP) and a member of Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC), Neelmani, refused to comment on the newspaper reports on Sitamarhi suicide case. \"If the case is brought to the BHRC, we will look into the matter and take action.\"Retired DGP, Manoje Nath, also said the story published in newspapers was only one version and it would not be fair to comment on media reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716564", "title": "Back-to-back Union Public Service Commission, Maharashtra Public Service Commission examinations worry aspirants", "text": "PUNE: With just a month's gap between the two major administrative examinations, it is testing time for aspirants appearing for the Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) and the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) examinations this year.Students are complaining that they have very less time at their disposal as the approach required to prepare for the two civil services exams is different. Tutors have blamed the state commission for not considering the national exam before scheduling the MPSC exam. The state officials, however, argue that back-to-back exams are good because the changed syllabus of MPSC is in line with UPSC's, so it will be a good pre-test for the all-important national exam.The MPSC main examination will be held between September 1 and 3, while the UPSC examination will be conducted on October 5. For the first time, the MPSC exam will have objective type questions based on the new syllabus. Students say they will have to get acquainted with the new examination pattern and the changed syllabus and then change their approach for the UPSC exam which has a descriptive pattern.Vinayak Pol, who will appear for both, said that usually there is a time gap of two to three months. \"However, this year, there is only a month's gap which has added to our pressure. I have put in a lot of hard work to qualify for the main examination. This pressure is taking a toll on my preparations.\"Another aspirant, Vaishali Sonune, said, \"From this year onwards, the approach for MPSC examination needs to be different because of the changes made by the commission. With just a month between the two exams there's very little time for us to do justice to both.\"Tukaram Jadhav, who runs a training academy for both the competitive examinations, said, \"We had requested the commission to maintain a good gap between the two exams, but they seem to have ignored this. The UPSC's time-table is always fixed, so it is the state commission that needs to set its dates accordingly.\"Arun Dalvi, director of the Competitive Examination Centre at the University of Pune, said, \"There will be a problem for those who have cleared the prelims of both examinations. The number of such candidates is not big, but nevertheless, it will be a tough task for them.\"Sudhir Thakre, chairperson of MPSC, said the state level exam will act as a good built-up for the UPSC exam. \"The new syllabus of MPSC has been designed on the lines of the national exam. Students wanted the MPSC exam scheduled in a way that they get more time to prepare for both examinations. But it is practically impossible. The UPSC is usually held in October and we cannot schedule the exam after October as it will disturb the entire process. I believe September is a good time to hold MPSC exams. It's only a psychological thing that a three-month gap helps. Students are anyway preparing all through the year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15753901", "title": "Tusshar and Bipasha have pets with the same name", "text": "Bipasha Basu and Tusshar Kapoor swear they didn't compare notes when naming their pet dogs. But both actors chose to call their dogs Poshto.Bips is the original one, because her chiuaua Poshto is now an old guy; while Tusshar's little is the new pet on the block. He wonders how both of them fell for the same name.\"Our dogs are neither of the same breed nor do they look alike. But I guess both of us chose Poshto because both our pets are so cute.\"Incidentally, Tusshar's pet is constantly vying for the actor's attention. \"When I come from an outdoor, he just won't leave my side,\" says Tusshar. And he tells us how the little dog also snuggles up to him through the night despite having a bed of his own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15722591", "title": "Exodus of Bangalore\u2019s northeastern youth brought tears in my eyes: CJI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Justice of India (CJI) SH Kapadia on Saturday said the plight of north-east youth hounded from Bangalore in the recent past had brought tears in his eyes.He said in his Independence Day speech he had mentioned about how despite being a member of a miniscule minority Parsi community he could rise to head the judiciary. \"It was said because days before that young people from north-east were being thrown out of Bangalore. The way the exodus was happening, it had brought tears in my eyes,\" he said.The CJI said, \"I always wanted to inspire young people. I want them to have a goal and a certain incident should not dissuade them from pursuing that goal. That is why I spoke about it on August 15.\"Kapadia's memory chord was softly twanged by eminent jurist Soli J Sorabjee, who while inviting the CJI to give his speech in the Golden Jubilee lecture series of the India International Centre referred to his August 15 speech on minority.Narrating how Kapadia rose from the bottom of the ladder and worked up, thanks to his hard work and honesty; Sorabjee said he was an example for everyone. Quoting a popular public speech played with variations, he said, \"measure of a civilization is how it treats its minority community\".In his August 15 speech, Justice Kapadia had said: \"India is the only country where a member of the minority Parsi community with a population of 167,000, like myself, can aspire to attain the post of the Chief Justice of India,\" adding, \"These things do not happen in our neighbouring countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15720251", "title": "Police detain trucks for traffic mayhem", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two Haryana-registered trucks that entered the city during daytime violating rules and created a traffic block after breaking overhead cables at Marappalam, have been detained by police at Pattom. They were on their way to showrooms at Neeramankara and Eanchakal to deliver scooters, said north traffic circle inspector P Niyas.\"The trucks have violated long-vehicle specification rules by not displaying side-line indication (a series of stripes painted on the side of long vehicles to alert other drivers on how lengthy the vehicles are). This caused unnecessary roadblock, especially because of the heavy traffic owing to the Ganeshotsav. But in this case, showrooms are equally culpable as they want to stock vehicle to meet the demand during Onam,\" he said.The CI said no case had been registered as those who had suffered losses on account of the cables breaking hadn't turned up with a written complaint till Saturday evening.The multi-level truck with a rear carrier width of 3.20 metres and length of 99.40 metres were carrying around 75 scooters. The top level was dangerously jutting out (almost a metre) over the windshield. Road safety experts have been saying that transport officials and the motor vehicle department should take a serious look at the violations such trucks commit.\"Truck owners are encouraging overhang as that will enable trucks to carry more vehicles. Manufacturers make the chassis. It's truck body-builders who blatantly violate width specifications. The roads in Kerala are narrow and can only support vehicles with a width of 2.6-2.8 metres. The overhang creates most of the blockage, for example, at Aluva Marthandavarma Bridge on NH-47 and Kuttipuram Bridge on NH-17,\" said Upendra Narayan, an expert member of the state road safety council.It's true trucks are not permitted to enter city roads between 7am and 11pm. However, regarding additional features like overhang, the state has given exemptions to trucks as per Central guidelines, said Alex Paul, joint transport commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15711052", "title": "Carbide case: Order reserved on harsher punishment plea", "text": "BHOPAL: A local court on Saturday reserved its order on a revision petition filed by the CBI and the state government seeking that the eight convicts of 1984 Bhopal Gas Tragedy should get harsher punishment for the toxic gas leak which killed more than 15,000 people and maimed over five lakh people.CBI and the state government, in a damage control exercise, had filed a revision petition seeking enhancement of punishment after Chief Judicial Magistrate M P Tiwari sentenced eight convicts for two years imprisonment under the Section 304 A of the IPC for causing death by rash and negligent act on June 7, 2010. The order evoked sharp criticism worldwide that those accused of being responsible for world's largest industrial disaster were being treated similar to an accused in a road accident case.\"The argument of both the sides have been completed and the district and sessions judge Sushma Khosla today reserved its order on the revision petition,\" MP government deputy director prosecution Satish Dinkar told TOI. The defence argued that the revision had been filed after the stipulated 90 days - the time limit to file it after judgement, Dinkar added.He said that the eight convicts had been punished under section 304 A (causing death by rash and negligence not amounting to homicide which entails a punishment of just of two years. In our revision petition, we have sought that they should be re-tried under section 304 (ii) of IPC (if act is done with the knowledge that it is likely to cause death, but without any intention to cause death) in which the punishment is of 10 years or a fine or both.CJM has convicted eight people Keshub Mahendra, the then UCIL chairman, Vijay Gokhle, the then managing director, Kishore Kamdar, the then vice president, J Mukund, the then works manager, S P Choudhary, the then Production Manager, K V Shetty, the then plant superintendent, S I Quershi, the then production assistant of UCIL and UCIL Calcutta.The three accused -- the then chairman of Union Carbide Corporation of USA Warren Anderson, besides Union Carbide Corporation, USA and Union Carbide Eastern, Hong Kong - had escaped the trial.One of the accused, R B Roy Choudhary, the then former assistant works manager at Union Carbide India died during the trial.FIR in the tragedy was filed on December 3, 1984 and the case was transferred to CBI on December 6, 1984. The CBI filed the charge sheet after investigation on December 1, 1987.Subsequently, the CJM framed charges against the accused under section 304 II, section 326 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means and other relevant sections of IPC. After the accused moved the Apex Court, it amended and diluted the charges on September 13, 1996 to 304 (A) (causing death by negligence), 336 A (acts endangering life or personal safety of others, 337 (causing hurt by endangering life or personal safety of others) and other sections of IPC.Poisonous gas from the now defunct Union Carbide Factory here, spewed on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984, killing thousands of people and injuring lakhs of others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714636", "title": "Kolkata band Dhwani regales with imaginative medleys", "text": "NAGPUR: 'Dhwani', a Kolkata-based band of four young boys and girls, was in the city to perform at a fund-raising event organized by Rotary Club of Nagpur Ishanaya. They rocked the evening for the audience on Saturday at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall. In a thematically composed presentation, a glimpse of various hues of Indian cinema, especially the songs, was given to the audiences.The show began with a dance number 'Shri Ganesh Deva' based on the Ganpati arti from the remake of Agneepath , which was performed by brightly dressed dancers in red. The four singers, Navin Daga, Shriram, Sharmishtha and Sarita, took the stage for a lively interactive musical evening.They got the audience to join them with a foot tapping 'If you are happy and you know it clap your hands.' That done and a rapport firmly in place, the band introduced their theme presentation with 'Zindagi kaisi hai paheli.' Popular for their shows based on varied themes, Dhwani had selected a medley of old and new Hindi film songs mixed together. The mixing, so seamlessly done, made for some delightful listening.As the singers sang the track, a giant screen forming the backdrop showed the visual of the song. 'Zindagi kaisi hai paheli' merged with 'Kaisi kaisi hai paheli' from Parineeta. Getting the audience involved in the process of guessing which song would be mixed with Ek ladki bheegi bhagi see, the singers had to come up with the answer 'Dilbara, apun ki tu apun tera' from Dhoom.The melodious 'Babuji dheerey chalana' was mixed with 'Dil ko hazaar baar roka' from Murder and the evergreen 'Mere sapno ki rani' with 'Ye hawain gungunaye' from Parineeta. But the big one was what would match the naughty number from Paying Guest, 'Chhod do anchal zamana kya kahega' and after some way off guesses from the audience 'Chunri chunri' came as a surprise.The imaginative mixing of old and new songs also brought out the quality of the much flayed new numbers which appeared equally delightful as presented by the singers.Beaming at the happy response which the show received, Kamal Taori, the president of the club, said that he had promised himself to bring this band to Nagpur. \"I had heard them in Kolkata some five years back and liked it very much. They have done more than 700 shows across the country on various themes like religion, patriotism and Western and Indian.\" For the audience in Nagpur, the mixing of old and new suited best, said Taori.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15716244", "title": "The tale of Panashem: Mining has finished this village of jackfruits", "text": "KERI: Panashem etymologically translates as the village of jackfruits.Once upon a time, this village with 299.38 hectares area was predominantly agricultural and horticultural. Today, haphazard mining activities are responsible for causing harm to the very existence of Panashem, villagers allege.On August 21, villagers of Panashem submitted a memorandum to the deputy collector of Bicholim, Narayan Gad, regarding their grievances due to mining operations there.\"Today, forests have been degraded, agricultural and horticultural fields are badly affected. The public roads from Panashem to Pale have become muddy and slippery. Crossing of the road is a big hurdle. For us, life has become problematic due to mining,\" laments Ramnath Panashikar, 50, president, Shantadurga Devasthan Committee.For many farmers, there is no source of livelihood as the agricultural fields inherited by them from their ancestors are silted and degraded. Arjun Fati Gaonkar, 63, who owns agricultural area in survey no. 1/14 titled as 'Satiyekadle Vaigan' says, \"Our 13 families were involved in agriculture. We used to cultivate local paddy varieties namely damgo, navann, kochri. Today, we cannot cultivate anything as fields are degraded and water sources that irrigated the fields have been silted.In a memorandum, villagers stated, 'We suffer shortage of drinking water as well as irrigation as the perennial spring 'Jalamthikan' got dried up. Excessive pumping of water from the mining pit too has depleted the ground water table. Dust pollution is the order of the day.'The newly-elected member of Pissurlem panchayat, representing Panashem ward, Laxman Gawde said, \"I have brought the grievances to the notice of the village panchayat. The sarpanch promised us to solve the problems. The villagers' lives are encircled by dirt and disease and we have lost our solace.\" The village has no single well or lake that can provide potable water. A drinking water pipeline is non-existent throughout the village. We get drinking water only when a water tanker comes to Panashem,\" says Nilima Namdev Gawde, 40, a housewife.Narayan Gad, deputy collector of Bicholim, said, \"I have referred the matter to the Bicholim police inspector and also to the mamlatdar for fact findings. As soon as I will receive the reports, I will initiate necessary action.\"Sanjay Chakravorthy, senior official at Chowgule company, said, \"We have not yet received the memorandum of grievances from Panashem villagers. During monsoons, our mine is partially working and we take necessary precautionary steps while working.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15745244", "title": "Sonakshi, Ranveer snowed under artificial snow", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha's on-screen love story with Ranveer Singh in Lootera is now almost complete. The love story based on an O. Henry short story was shot entirely in artificial snow, as the real snows of Kashmir proved to be not friendly for shooting purposes at all.But now, the film's team-- and that includes its reticent director Vikramaditya Motwane --has decided to shoot at least a small portion of the film in real snow. The initial plans of releasing the film by year-end have therefore been dropped, so that one last attempt can be made to catch a portion of the film in real snow in Kashmir in December or January.Says a source close to the project, \"It is really a matter of a good omen. You can't make a film about love in the snow without real snow. The entire team thinks it would be inappropriate to make a film about a love story in a snow-scape without real snow. So although the the shooting is now complete and no one can tell the film has been shot in artificial snow, thanks to the sophisticated snow-producing machine that was imported to do the needful, the film's shooting would still be stalled until at least 10 minutes of the footage is shot in real snow.\"Apparently Sonakshi and Ranveer have given their nod to the idea, although Ranveer hurt his back very badly while trying to shoot in the snow the last time.Interestingly Sanjay Leela Bhansali who shot his snow-fall scenes in Black in artificial snow after it was impossible to shoot in real snow in Simla, has advised his erstwhile assistant Vikramaditya Motwane to avoid real snow.But Motwane is not listening. Genuine snowfall, or no movie at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "15725429", "title": "No 8 lanes, at least for 3-4 months", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: The ambitious Ferozepur Road eight-laning project along NH-95, which was to ease out traffic along the ever-busy stretch, has hit a delay. Work on the 3.2km project from Sidhwan Canal till octroi post began in early 2011. The eight lanes were supposed to be in place by April 2012. However, that deadline was not met and Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) assured to complete work by August 2012. But fund shortage has again stalled construction.Sources in GLADA say not only is the development authority facing acute cash crunch, but is also awaiting the completion of an underpass by the municipal corporation. They added that GLADA has failed to remove encroachments along the road, besides it has to axe some trees for the completion of the project. The project is aimed at opening up traffic on this busy road, which has prominent commercial centres and banks along it.Executive engineer of the project from GLADA Pardeep Aggarwal said: \"We were to complete the project by April 2012 but due to some technical problems we couldn't do so.\"He added that they were hopeful of completing the eight-laning project in the next three to four months after getting adequate funds.BRS Nagar-based businessman Sumeetpal Singh added, \"This is perhaps the most troublesome stretch that is full of dust and pollution, apart from the potholes. So many malls are located on this road but GLADA seems least concerned about such a prime project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15727962", "title": "Controversy over Hooda's 'cancelled tour' bills", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vice-president of Indian Olympic Association, Abhay Singh Chautala, on Saturday alleged that Haryana government has been asked to pay a bill of Rs 54 lakh, for booking hotel accommodation and tickets for Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , and his team for their cancelled tour to London during the Olympic games. The government has however denied the allegations.\"The tour was cancelled at the last moment in the absence of permission from the Central government. Now this entire amount should be charged from Hooda and nine members of his team for booking the hotel, air tickets and tickets for the games,\" said Abhay Singh, who is also MLA from Ellenabad in Haryana.According to Chautala, the bill includes Rs 48 lakh for booking a hotel in London and Rs 4.06 lakh for booking 15 tickets for the games. \"The air tickets were cancelled at the last moment. Yet, the government is bound to pay cancellation charges,\" he alleged.However, Haryana's principal secretary (sports) Hardeep Kumar claimed that the government has not received any such bill as booking for the hotel was cancelled. \"There may be some charges. It is less than Rs 1 lakh as fee for cancellation of air tickets,\" Kumar claimed. State director (sports), O P Singh refused comments while minister of state (MOS) for sports, Sukhbir Kataria, said that he would check the facts before commenting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15714925", "title": "Maharashtra tourism plans 'Kalagram' for rural artisans", "text": "NASHIK: To enable rural artisans sell their artefacts to tourists and pilgrims visiting Nashik, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) is planning to set up a Kalagram Project in the city.The proposed project will have an ideal marketplace for tourists to get a glimpse of the arts and crafts of rural artisans. The project, which will come up over 15-20 acres, is expected to cost Rs 12 crore. Handicraft items, clothes, crockery, jewellery, paintings, village related items and much more will be available for sale at the Kalagram.The Kalagram is expected to be ready before the forthcoming Kumbh mela, scheduled for 2015. The MTDC has already received Rs 4 core from the government for the project.Speaking to TOI, Pradnya Bade-Misal, Regional Manager (Nashik division), MTDC, said, \"We are planning to set up a Kalagram Project near Nashik for tourists to shop with an aim to provide opportunity of shopping for the tourists coming to in the city. All the handicraft items, clothes, jewellery, paintings etc will be available here. We are in the process of identifying land for the proposed project near Nashik.\"Moreover, a training institute will also be set up at the Kalagram. Training to make handicrafts, jewellery, crockery, and puppet will be imparted. The tourists coming from across the country will be able to participate in different training courses. The objective behind this is to create an environment that is educational and exposing the public to indigenous traditions and at the same time bridging the gap between craftsmen and the purchaser, giving better opportunity to the artisan and craftsmen for marketing.The project will also include open and covered stalls, and area for Khadi promotion, a space for exhibitions, an amphitheatre, a conference hall, a restaurant and parking facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15747776", "title": "Yasmeen Premji launches her debut novel", "text": "Some details of Yasmeen Azim Premji's life can be gleaned from her debut novel. Few more from old classmates who turned up at its launch.For the matriarch of a company worth USD 41 billion and wife to one of the world's richest men, Azim Premji, the chairman of Wipro , Yasmeen Premji keeps a very low profile. In the city for the launch of her debut novel Days of Gold and Sepia, the 65-year-old overturns every assumption you can make about a woman who clearly belongs to the first wives club. Yet, there is an unmistakable oldworld charm about her, when she meets us draped in a simple tieand-dye sari, a Titan watch on her wrist, and an elementary Nokia phone model in her hand.An hour before the launch, and a tad nervous, she says, \"I feel as if I'm preparing for a reading exam in school. All this is so new for me.\" Request her to pose for a picture, and she laughs, \"This is just not my scene.\" She asks the photographer to hurry. \"How many pictures are you planning to take?\" she asks self-consciously. \"I didn't allow as many pictures even for my wedding!\"The only reason she's giving in is because of the book, she says.Like her husband, Premji has also stayed away from the media. \"I've always been more interested in design and writing. I am on the board of the Azim Premji Foundation, but professionals do the hands-on job. I was much happier doing my work with the magazine. There was no particular need for me to be in the family business. So, I really don't have much to say.\"But surely she can't be a stranger to curiosity , given her lineage, we say. \"There's no reason to talk. I don't believe in publicity for the sake of publicity,\" she says, nonchalantly. \"There has to be a purpose behind it. Even now when I speak to the media, I have reserved my comments strictly to the book.\"But glimpses into the family are inevitable, and shine through as Premji tells us about her novel.\"Some of the stories that I have woven in are those I grew up listening to, from my mother and then my mother-in-law. Their stories were etched in my memory. When I would narrate them to my children, Rishad and Tariq, they would promptly remind me they had already heard them. But in our days, we used to hear the same stories over and over again. It was magical.\"Premji's story is about Lalljee Lakha, an orphan who rises from a humble family in Kutch to amass a fortune as Bombay's Cotton King. Set in the period between India's War for Independence in 1857 and partition, the 419-pager has glimpses of people and situations from Premji's life.In hindsight, she says, she is glad her sons refused to listen to the familiar fables.\"It obliged me to put them down on paper,\" she smiles. It was a rather slow process \u2014 two decades, to be precise.Neither the boys nor her husband knew that a book was in the offing. \"I think they were quite surprised, pleasantly so, when I broke the news to them,\" she says. \"Given their work, they hardly find the time to read, but they made an exception for this one. And they liked it.\"Premji has captured a Mumbai that once was the Bombay she grew up in. Yet the Bengaluru-resident isn't immersed in nostalgia. \"I have grown older, but Bombay still has its charm. You know, I believe, when you have been in deep love with somebody, you learn to overlook flaws. In life, you have two things to dwell on \u2014 the positive or the negative. It makes life easier when you dwell on the positive.\" This is a trait she learnt from her mother-inlaw, Gulbanoo, who was \"generous of purse, heart , and mind\", Premji shares, when suddenly, a former batch-mate from Queen Mary School waves enthusiastically at Premji from the other end of the room. She runs up and breaks in melodramatically, \"That's Yasmeen. Our sports captain. All the girls would run and try catching up with her, but she would be miles ahead,\" she says, of Premji, who later captained the St Xavier's College and Mumbai University hockey team.She throws an incredulous look at the visitor, and breaks into a giggle. \"I am seeing her after 50 years, I don't know what she's talking about. Let's go down to the launch, shall we,\" she says, with a shy smile.Reema.Gehi @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gohana", "code": "15748479", "title": "Hooda announces to prize money for future Olympic medal winners", "text": "GOHANA: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Sunday announced that the state would double the prize money for its athletes who will win medals in the next Olympic Games, making it a whopping Rs 5 crore for gold, Rs 3 crore for sliver and Rs 2 crore for bronze.In a function to honour the London Olympic medal winners, participants and their coaches from the state here, Hooda also announced Rs 2 crore for development of bronze medallist grappler Yogeshwar Dutt's Bhainswal Kalan village in Sonepat, Rs 1 crore each for development of Malothi village of silver-medallist wrestler Sushil Kumar in Jhajjar and shooter Gagan Narang's village Shimla Gujran in Panipat.These three and shuttler Saina Nehwal , who also has her roots in Haryana, were given cash awards and also presented with Audi Q-5 cars, while other Olympic participants from the State were given special-edition of Maruti Suzuki's SX-4, besides LED TV, cameras and DVD players.Hooda also announced that the State Government would help Sushil Kumar, Yogeshwar, Gagan Narang, Nehwal and boxer Vijender Singh in setting up their academies.Meanwhile, Sushil was honoured with cash prize of Rs 1.50 crore, whereas Yogeshwar, Gagan and Saina were handed cash prize of Rs one crore each.Krishna Poonia , participant in discus throw got Rs 31 lakh, whereas other participants in the London Olympics, boxer Vijender Singh, women wrestler Geeta Phogat and wrestler Amit Kumar were honoured with cash prize of Rs 21 lakh each.Among other players, Jai Bhagwan , Manoj Kumar , Sanjeev Rajput , Sardara Singh, Vikas Krishan, Seema Antil , Sumit Sangwan , Om Parkash, Annuraj Singh and Sandeep Singh were honoured with Rs 11 lakh each.The coaches of medal winner players were presented cash awards of Rs three lakh each, whereas coaches of participant players were given Rs one lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15711365", "title": "Mumbai's H1N1 cases cross 300 mark this year", "text": "MUMBAI: With the H1N1 influenza virus making a surprising comeback this year, the number of positive cases in the city so far has crossed the 300 mark. Till Saturday, 308 Mumbaikars had tested positive for the virus as against six in the previous year. This, when the monsoon is not yet officially over.While the incidence of positive cases is surely seeing a downward trend in the city, experts say people should not drop their guard. The virus had affected seven persons in March and 20 in the following two months. The number started multiplying with the onset of monsoon with 35 cases being reported in June. It, however, peaked in July when 151 or 49% of this year's positive cases were reported.Civic reports suggest the virus is on its way out, given the drop in the number of positive cases in August (95). On Saturday, three persons, including a four-year-old boy from Borivli, tested positive. An 82-year-old man from Mahim had to be admitted to a private hospital while a 45-year-old woman from Andheri was treated on an OPD basis. Over 655 positive cases and 36 deaths have been reported across Maharashtra since April.Explaining the spurt in H1N1 cases this year, the director of Parel's Haffkine Research Institute, Dr Abhay Chowdhury, said, \"The trend in the number of people getting affected will be different every season. Yes, it was more this year but nothing unusual. Influenza B, which is a milder strain, is as much in circulation as H1N1,\" he said. \"Virologists have not noticed any major changes in the behaviour of the H1N1 virus.\"Despite scanty rain, that did not allow the virus to flare up, two confirmed deaths were attributed to the influenza virus in August.Infectious diseases expert Dr Om Srivastava said since H1N1 is an influenza variant, one must always be careful. \"Any delay in seeing a doctor could complicate cases,\" he said, adding, \"In another couple of weeks, the virus should not pose much of a threat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15745414", "title": "Love lessons", "text": "Author and columnist Maura Kelly tells Nona Walia why there's no better teacher than literature when it comes to matters of the heart.Great authors are more like romance psychologists,\" says American dating columnist and author Maura Kelly. Through her new book, Much Ado About Loving: What Our Favorite Novels Can Teach You About Date Expectations, Not-so-great Gatsbys, and Love in the Time of Internet Dating, she tells people how the best love advice should be sought from the pages of the classic novels that we've all read in our childhood.\"When seeking advice to bolster a love life more tragic than a Thomas Hardy novel, I shy away from current romantic self-help books. It's the classic novels that come in handy,\" she elucidates. Like most other women, early in life, Kelly had crushes on the tall, dark, handsome men who couldn't care less for her. \"One of the most important lessons I've learnt the hard way \u2014 and with a little help from Sylvia Plath's fantastic novel The Bell Jar \u2014 is that if you never seem to like any guy who likes you back, you need some serious introspection. You are never going to find a relationship if you don't want to be a member of any club that would want you.\" Kelly has learnt a lot of love lessons the hard way \u2014 \"by being out there in the dating trenches\". She hopes to make life a little easier for people in this age of internet dating through her book. Excerpts...What are the timeless lessons in love?Each book has its own lesson. Love in the Time of Cholera , by Gabriel Garcia Marquez, was written decades before anyone had heard of the internet, and yet, it's a great cautionary tale for online daters \u2014 it talks about the dangers of becoming too obsessed with a person you haven't spent time with.Sense and Sensibility, by Jane Austen , demonstrates how the dashing charmer, a woman is head-overheels in love with, is often the worst choice as a serious partner.In Sons and Lovers, by DH Lawrence, we learn about how hard it is to win over a man who is too attached to his mother.And Light in August, by William Faulkner , could've been subtitled 'he's just not that into you' though it was written about 75 years ago.Why did you fall back on classic novels to churn out love advice?It has always been a little easier for me to give my heart to a novel. It's harder to trust a person with it. And when I was writing my dating columns, it occurred to me that all the best lessons about life are right there, between the pages of these novels. So I thought why not appropriate them for readers, and celebrate the greatest writers of all time in the process?Classics speak to so many people, generation after generation; they contain timeless insights about the human heart. Conventions may have changed over the years \u2014 women don't need to wait around for men to make all the moves, and they don't have to depend on husbands to take care of them financially \u2014 but the more important things haven't changed much.For example, even back in the days of Virgil, the ancient Roman poet of the Augustan period, women were dealing with problems like being unexpectedly abandoned by their lovers; in Leo Tolstoy's time, men married trophy wives (and ended up miserable as a result); and around the late 19th century, when George Eliot wrote Middlemarch, women were grappling with unsatisfying marriages to powerful men, and yearning for soulmates...What's your advice for women who keep waiting for a particular man to call?They should take a leaf out of the pages of Sense and Sensibility. If he's not in touch , it's best to write him off instead of making up all sorts of excuses in your head. Men who are interested will be in touch, no matter how busy they are.Was there any specific literary character or work that has helped you after a heartbreak?I went through a break-up recently, and the thing that helped me most was reading Rainer Maria Rilke's Sonnets to Orpheus, translated by Edward Snow. Poetry can be consoling at moments when nothing else can get through. When you are grieving, you may not have the attention span for a novel. And sometimes, you really don't want a happy ending, they just don't feel true to life when you are down. Yet, you don't really want to be depressed more with a sad ending. Poetry like Rilke's was middle ground \u2014 a form of guidance. Poetry is wisdom and beauty, that's distilled and concise.Who would you say was the most in-love couple from literature?If any characters are going to live happily ever after, it's Pierre and Natasha from War and Peace. Both of them suffered a lot, and subsequently developed a deeper understanding of themselves and relationships before they came together. When they did, they had a lot of compassion and wisdom. They were ready to be happy. Getting there is hard work, and there's no road map. But you do eventually, by living honestly and passionately, striving to know others and yourself deeply, and most importantly, in equal measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722851", "title": "State demands Rs 3572 crore to mitigate drought crisis", "text": "MUMBAI: With nearly one-third portion of the state staring an impending drought, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and planning panel deputy chairman M S Ahluwalia for creation of a special drought mitigation fundover and above assistance provided for drought relief.Under the special fund, the state wants the Centre to support ongoing projects meant to conserve rainwater, strengthen existing water sources, increase water storage and enhance fodder production in drought-prone areas. The state has sought support of Rs 3,572 crore under the new finance window. This include Rs 2270 crore for completion of 105 last-mile irrigation projects, Rs 580 crore for construction of cement check dams to hold rainwater, Rs 372 crore for repairs, renovation and restoration of water bodies, Rs 75 crore towards strengthening of regional water supply scheme, Rs 40 crore towards fodder development programmes, Rs 25 crore for ground water recharging schemes. It has also demanded electricity subsidy for farmer in drought-hit areas.Chavan said the Planning Commission agreed to consider the demand, which, if accepted, will have to applied throughout the country. The government has already sought Rs 3700 crore under drought relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "townsville", "code": "15749374", "title": "Under-19 World Cup: Unmukt Chand hails his team for wonderful show", "text": "TOWNSVILLE: India captain Unmukt Chand on Sunday hailed the \"team spirit and obedience\" of his boys after they upstaged formidable defending champions Australia to clinch their third Under-19 World Cup title.\"We started two years ago. It has been a great journey. Initially we were 15 people from different states but over the time we have evolved into a single unit. The boys have been very obedient and have helped me a lot in this campaign,\" Chand, who was adjudged man of the match for his unbeaten 11-run knock, said.The Delhi lad's knock was the bedrock of India's successful chase of a challenging victory target of 226 set by Australia in bowler-friendly conditions.Chand, in company of wicketkeeper batsman Smit Patel (62 not out), raised a 130-run partnership for the fifth wicket to help India's chase.\"It was due. I am thankful to the god that I could take my team through. The Aussies played very well but we came on top,\" Chand said.The skipper also thanked the support staff for their consistent encouragement and said without their help, the campaign would not have been complete.\"I would like to thank the support staff without them it would not have been possible. I would also like to thank my team, we had a great time together. It is a very emotional moment, like to thank all the people in India, who prayed for us and to all the Indian fans at the ground,\" he said.Patel conceded that he was a bit tentative to start with but his skipper showed faith in him which helped him to get going.\"The captain appreciated me, I was a little tentative initially but he gave me confidence and then I got going,\" Patel said.The gutsy right-hander joined Chand at the fall of Vijay Zol's wicket in the 25th over but held his nerve to see his team through.\"I stuck to my basics. The coaches have been consistently telling us that if there is pressure, stick to your basics and that is what I did,\" he said.Asked what it was like batting with Chand, who looked in prime touch, Patel said, \"He is a fluent player, it was awesome batting with him. We were confident that if we batted together till the end we could do it.\"Meanwhile, Australian skipper William Bosisto, who was awarded the man-of-tournament award for his batting exploits, insisted that a couple of crucial misses in the field cost them the game.He, however, appreciated his Indian counterpart for the wonderful performance in the final.\"Everyone is pretty depleted. We dropped crucial catches and we were caught on the wrong side. The Indians did a great work. Unmukt is a tremendous player and it is not for the first time he has terrorised us,\" Bosisto said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724569", "title": "Protesting teachers demand arrears of UGC pay scales", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the call of Punjab Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (PFUCTO), university and college teachers launched an agitation on Saturday, to press for the early release of arrears of UGC pay scales among other demands. The agitation was aimed at expressing their resentment against the apathy of the state government of Punjab and UT administration to issues related to higher education. Teachers of Punjabi University, PAU, and GNDU, government and non government colleges held rallies after delivering the first two lectures.H S Kingra and Jagwant Singh, president and general secretary of the federation, respectively, said, \"While other state government employees have been paid 70% of the arrears of pay revision, no arrears have been released to teachers of GNDU, Punjabi University, 55 government colleges and 136 aided colleges of the state. This is despite the fact that government of India is willing to reimburse 80% of the arrears in two to three installments and letter to the effect has already been received by the government.\"Teachers said the number of vacancies in the university system is nearly 4,000 and pension-gratuity scheme is hanging in fire for two decades. The lack of funding by the government is causing serious problems for both universities and colleges.Teachers of Panjab University, colleges of Chandigarh and PAU where full arrears have already been paid wore black badges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15735507", "title": "Delhi Metro stations to remain open after revised police advisory", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six metro stations in central Delhi, which were earlier announced to be closed due to security concerns over a protest by Arvind Kejriwal, will now remain open throughout the day after the activist and his supporters were detained by the police.A DMRC spokesman said the stations will remain open throughout the day after Delhi police revised their advisory.Six busy Metro stations in central Delhi were to remain closed for 10 hours on Sunday as a precautionary measure following the call by activist Arvind Kejriwal to gherao residences of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and BJP chief Nitin Gadkari .Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Patel Chowk, Race Course, Jor Bagh and Khan Market stations falling near and around the residences of Singh and Gadkari were to remain closed from 8 am to 6 pm on Sunday.Delhi Metro had taken the decision to close down the stations, five of which fall on the Gurgaon Line, after instructions from Delhi Police.But after Kejriwal and five others were detained it was decided that the stations were to remain open throughout the day as the police revised their advisory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15727754", "title": "Minister raps PWD for shoddy maintenance of NH47", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal flayed the public works department (PWD) for the pathetic state of National Highway 47 ( NH47).He warned PWD officials that all potholes on the national highway should be filled soon.Venugopal added that if any accident happened on the highway due to these potholes, the PWD will be held responsible for the mishap.The minister met PWD (NH) officials and the district administration after media reports highlighted the deplorable condition of the highway.\"The number of accidents on NH 47 is increasing and these potholes are becoming death traps. However, authorities have not carried out any maintenance work. The works we did last year is not up to the mark. So a department-level inquiry should be conducted to ascertain why the highway is not maintained properly,\" Venugopal said. \"PWD should prepare a list of accident-prone areas which should be converted to accident-free zones by utilizing the funds granted by road safety authority ,\" said district collector P Venugopal.Alappuzha: Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal on Saturday came down heavily on the Public Works Department for the pathetic state of the National Highway 47.K C Venugopal convened the meeting of the PWD (NH) officials and the district administration at collectorate conference hall after media reported about its deplorable condition.The union minister said the NH is now completely filled with potholes. \"Accidents are common on the NH 47 and potholes have turned into death traps. However, the authorities concerned are not doing anything for the maintenance of the highway. Though many maintenance works were conducted in the previous years, it was a futile exercise. So a department-level inquiry should be conducted into the poor quality maintenance works of the highway,'' K C Venugopal said.The minister warned the PWD officials that all the potholes on the NH should be filled soon. He added if any accident occurs due to potholes, the PWD shall be responsible for it.\"The PWD should prepare a list of accident-prone areas which should be converted as accident-free places utilizing the funds of Road Safety Authority,'' district collector P Venugopal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15715061", "title": "Senior citizen, teen killed in accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people, including a senior citizen, lost their lives and four others were severely injured in four accidents in different parts of the city. The elderly woman, S Bharti, was hit by a speeding Swift Dzire near the Mayapuri crossing while she was returning to her east Delhi residence. The driver, Harbaksh Singh, has been arrested.In another accident at Begumpur, Deepak Sahu (19) died while his friend Sadanand was injured when an unknown vehicle hit them from behind and fled. The incident took place when the duo was taking a walk. Sadanand was admitted to Sanjay Gandhi Hospital. A Class VI student, Bhavna (13), was gravely injured after a car crushed her legs. The incident was reported from the Nihal Vihar area on Saturday morning. In another part of the city, two scooterists were injured when a truck rammed their vehicle. The accident took place inJanakpuri.The driver jumped off the truck and escaped even as the vehicle collided with four other cars. The two men \u2014 Sachin and Sanjay \u2014 were taken to a local hospital. Sachin, who was dragged by the truck, is in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15751003", "title": "Riwayat a film on female foeticide", "text": "\" Riwayat\" is an upcoming Hindi feature film that handles the disturbing issue of female foeticide and infanticide. It is produced by two internationally renowned Indian doctors in Australia.Film is based on real facts, that is about 100 million baby girls are missing from this world since 1984 - 40 million from India alone. They were killed only for being girls and not boys who are favoured by traditions.The film, directed by well known Marathi and Hindi actor director Vijay Patkar, handles the issue of female foeticide and infanticide in an artistic and sensitive manner. Dr Sanjay Patole, is the writer, producer and creative director of \"Riwayat\", is a renowned Professor of neo natology at the University of Western Australia while Co-producer Dr Ajay Rane is the founding Professor in Obstetrics and Gynecology at James Cook University, Queensland, Australia.The film, that stars Sampika, Khalid Siddique, Salil Ankola, Achint Kaur, Sourabh Dubey, Aditya Lakhia, Narendra Jha, Rajendra Gupta, Mangal Kenkre, Gauri Kulkarni has music by Sushil Lalji, while songs are rendered by stalwart singers Shaan , Kailash Kher , Shreya Ghoshal, and the legendary Jagjit Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15742078", "title": "RBI widens StanChart, HSBC probe to other foreign banks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Reserve Bank has widened its probe into the affairs of British banking giants HSBC and Standard Chartered to a host of other foreign banks for alleged breach of controls against money laundering and terror financing.Besides, capital market regulator Sebi may also join the investigations, as there are concerns of funds from these banks being routed to the stock market through foreign investors and other entities, sources said.Standard Chartered Bank (StanChart) is listed in the Indian stock market.A senior regulatory authority official said the inspections are being conducted to ensure these banks' compliance to various fair banking norms in the wake of certain global events.However, executives at some of the banks admitted that queries being raised by the regulators are serious in nature and particularly aimed at ensuring effective controls against money laundering and financing of terrorism, among others.The investigations by Indian agencies follow developments in the US, where a host of European banks, besides StanChart and HSBC, are being investigated for their alleged role in exposing the American financial system to money laundering and terror financing risks.Sources said Indian investigations would not be affected by the recent settlement reached by StanChart in the US, wherein it agreed to pay $340 million to settle charges that it entered into secret transactions involving $250 billion with Iran despite sanctions against that country.The settlement has been reached only with respect to an investigation by the New York state banking regulator, the New York Department of Financial Services and does not cover the probes being conducted by the various federal regulators in the US, including the treasury department.Last week, the government informed the Parliament that Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is scrutinising the anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) systems of StanChart and HSBC.Besides, Financial Intelligence Unit-India (FIU-IND) has also initiated a fact-finding exercise related to HSBC's operations in India and its compliance to AML and CFT (Counter Financing of Terrorism) regime.RBI is also seeking details from British financial sector regulator FSA ( Financial Services Authority ) about the two UK-based global banking giants, who have significant presence in India and whose outsourcing of key oversight jobs to India has come under the US scanner in separate probes related to issues like money laundering and terror financing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716070", "title": "140-year-old Council Hall undergoes makeover", "text": "PUNE: The Council Hall - a grade I heritage structure, which was originally built in 1870, will soon wear a revamped look with the restoration work under way and the state allocating Rs 11 crore for the purpose.The building is significant as it was here that the first session of the then Bombay legislative assembly was held -- on July 19, 1937. The first session of the Bombay legislative assembly after independence was also held here -- on September 10, 1947.Restoration of its decorative columns, gold leaf work on its wooden false ceiling and iron railing, lime plaster and stained glass works are some aspects of the renovation being undertaken here.Architects firm 'Kimaya' have been appointed to undertake the conservation work of the building. Conservation architect Kiran Kalamdani, said, \"The conservation issues in the building relate to the brick work that was painted over with an acrylic-based cement paint so much so that even the stone work had been painted over. The flooring inside the building comprised several types before we began restoring it; the one in the hall was altered recently with such disastrous effects that it needed to be replaced.\"Atul Chavan, executive engineer, public works department (PWD), said, \"The Council Hall building is over 100 years old and was built by the British in 1870. The renovation work began here in May this year and is expected to be completed in December. It is one of the earliest buildings of composite stone and brick material in the Italianate style.\"Kalamdani said many archival records from British times talk about the additions and alterations undertaken in the building since it was built. \"British records of 1868 and consecutive years helped us understand the different additions and alterations done by the British, the original material used in construction of the building as well as the colour scheme used in its various aspects. After studying available archival data and analyzing available maps on the site, we understood the layering of the building, which is an important step in restoring a historic building,\" he said, adding that in conservation works, emphasis is on maximum reuse of material. \"In such a situation, works are being undertaken manually by experts,\" he said.Painting works in the building included removal of paint from decorative stone column surface as well as the brick wall surface without damaging the historic stone surface and the ornamental work on it. \"We also used pressure water jets and chemicals where needed, apart from making the surface even and polished with the help of hand scrapping tools. Also, the elements in the building that are dismantled (without hampering other structural joinery), are numbered carefully as per the sequence - items which have badly deteriorated are replaced with new ones of similar type. Those that have partly deteriorated are resurfaced manually using hand tools,\" Kalamdani said.He added that plastered surface in historic buildings is mainly of lime. \"Lime plaster consists of three layers. This plaster has to be removed using hand tools slowly and gently without causing any damage to the innermost layer. Historic research says the main hall in the old building was painted in picked white and gold. So, extra precautions had to be taken while removing its paint or plaster, so that the original layer of white and gold became visible,\" Kalamdani said.The old paint from the wood in the building was removed without damaging the historic wooden surface, and its decorative features. The surfaces were then made even with hand scrapping and scaffolding. \"In the balcony floor of the main hall , timber floor boards were removed, and so was the enamel paint at the base. Wax polish and a final coat was applied and the boards were refixed at respective positions,\" he said.Resetting Mangalore tiles on the roof, restoration of stone work here, dismantling of the damaged terrace and providing as well as laying the integral lime based water proofing treatment for roofs, balconies, terraces are other works to be undertaken in the building.The team involved in the restoration activity also included noted history scholar Shriniwas Sathe and Ravi Ranade of the Construction Diagnostic Centre, who undertook a structural audit of the building. Experts from Savani Constructions Pvt Ltd, who are contractors specialized in restoration works, are also part of the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15714105", "title": "Six injured in group clash at Fateh Square", "text": "AKOLA: Six persons were injured, three of them seriously, during a group clash at Fateh Square near Baidpura locality of the city on Friday noon, said police.Surprisingly, some of the injured directly rushed to the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) KP Shrikhande for demanding action against the assailants. The JMFC called Ramdaspeth police and handed over the injured people to them with some directions.It is learnt that the clash ensued over an old feud among two families of the same community closely related to each other. On Friday, they confronted each other in a bid to settle old scores. After heated exchanges, the two groups started attacking each other with pipes, swords etc. One sword was broken in the clash.Rizwan Ahmad Khan, Ahsan Ulla Khan, Ibad Ulla Khan, Kamran Ahmad Khan and Naved Khan were injured in the incident. Husna Afroz, a woman social worker, brought them to the court and narrated the incident to the JMFC. Later, police got their custody and admitted them to a general hospital.Police force has been deployed in the troubled area to maintain peace. Police personnel are also guarding the premises of the general hospital.According to the residents, the attack was preplanned. Police are likely to make some arrests in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15709918", "title": "India finish 10th in Asia", "text": "NAGPUR: Top Indian performers Palpreet Singh Brar, Rakesh Sangwan and Amit Kanarjee tried every trick to thwart Syria's challenge, yet fell inadequate against the sustained pressure exerted by their higher ranked rivals. India lost 76-86 to finish 10th in the 22nd Fiba Asia U-18 Basketball Championship at Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia , on Saturday.Having qualified for the second round for the first time in eight years - India's previous best was the 7th place finish at Bangalore in 2004 - coach Jai Prakash Singh termed the top-10 finish as mere consolation.\"We came here with a plan and would have liked to finish much higher. I do believe that this team deserved to be in the top eight. With injury to a key player (Ajay Pratap Singh after the first game), unfortunately things didn't go to our liking in a couple of games\" JP Singh told TOI.\"With little exposure prior to the tournament, I can say that this team is almost new and has played well beyond expectations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15728046", "title": "Retirement age of government docs extended", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In what is perceived as the first step towards increasing the retirement age of government employees, the pension age of doctors in the state health service has been increased to 57.Officially, Thursday's cabinet decision merely 'extended' the retirement date of doctors to March 31, 2013, and justified it as a stopgap arrangement since there is shortage of doctors in the health service. The decision will benefit doctors belonging to general, administrative and specialty cadre.The Kerala Government Medical Officers Association, while not opposing the move, has said it wants the retirement age raised to 60.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726161", "title": "Varsity faculty fast against graft", "text": "PATNA: More than 300 teachers of different colleges and universities in the state observed a daylong fast at R-Block railway crossing here on Saturday to lodge their protest against rampant corruption and favouritism prevailing in the portals of higher education and also to press their long-pending demands. The call for fast was given by the joint action committee of the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) and the Federation of University Service Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Fustab).The teachers on fast felt that various types of irregularities in colleges and universities of the state have not only been hampering the desired academic progress but also earning a bad name to the state. They observed that to break the hold of vested interests it is imperative that teachers on deputation as officers in the universities for more than five years be sent back to their parent departments for teaching work as no lien can be granted for more than five years. The principle of \"one man one post\" should be strictly implemented, examination department should be reorganized with an able and experienced person as examination controller on a permanent basis, the practice of appointing inexperienced teachers as director of evaluation be done away with and transparency be maintained at all levels.The fasting teachers also demanded that a centralized Pre-PhD test should be conducted at the state level to minimize the allegations of corruption associated with the tests being conducted by the universities separately. After all, why are the universities conducting one test after another without disposing off the applications for registration by the Post-Graduate Research Council, they wondered. The task of conducting the test at the state level may be assigned to Aryabhat Knowledge University (AKU) to bring parity in evaluation of merit. This will also minimize the problem of fewer number of guides being chased by a large number of students in one university.The teacher leaders demanded appointment of vice-chancellors through duly-constituted search committees as per UGC guidelines, appointment of teachers against sanctioned vacant posts, review of the rationalization process in the larger interest of higher education and solution of the problems of teachers and non-teaching staff of 4th phase constituent colleges. They further demanded recall of finance department auditors from universities as they are allegedly creating bottlenecks in smooth functioning of the universities and encouraging corrupt practices.Prominent among those who addressed the fasting teachers included K B Sinha, Sanjay Kumar Singh, Arun Kumar, Vijayendra Prasad Singh, Chandra Mohan Jha, Ashok Kumar Yadav and Yogesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711928", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation bid to save power", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to save power, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has taken up some power conservation measures. Mayor Majid Hussain and GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu asked all advertising agencies not to illuminate hoardings until further instructions. Besides, streetlights in the city would glow only between 7 pm and 5 am.The commissioner asked the ad agencies to cooperate with the state government in its efforts to conserve power in view of the crisis. Hesaid 40% of the around 3,300 hoardings in the GHMC limits remain illuminated at nights. If they are switched off, it would reduce power consumption. The commissioner said action would be taken against violators. Regarding streetlights, the commissioner said GHMC staff, in several areas, were switching on streetlights by 5 pm and leaving them on till 8 am the next day. Power saving for 2-3 hours a day would be of great help in the present situation, he added.According to officials, GHMC utilises 20 million units of power per month for streetlights, water supply to peripheral areas and other purposes. GHMC wants to conserve 20-25% of consumption by taking these measures.There are also plans to replace all electrical equipment with LED and CFL lamps and it was decided to use LED lights for streetlights on all important roads, but it is getting delayed due to court cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15723337", "title": "Congress likely to appoint Virbhadra as Himachal unit chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is likely to appoint Virbhadra Singh to head its Himachal Pradesh unit amid pressure from the septuagenarian royal whose rebellious tone has raised the hackles of the party leadership ahead of assembly polls.Singh's appointment will make him the Congress face in the December battle against BJP in the hill state whose political significance has far exceeded its size in view of circumstances.Congress is eager to wrest the state from BJP to reverse the downslide that started with a string defeats, especially the decimation in UP and Punjab, and the near-shock upset in Uttarakhand. Given that coming battles are in HP and Gujarat, Congress thinks it has better chance in the hill state to score a win over its arch-rival.A former CM, Singh is wary that Congress brass may sideline him in the event of party victory and the top post may be given to Union commerce minister Anand Sharma. His fears have grown ever since he had to resign from the Union Cabinet over a court order on corruption charges against him.His rebellious edge showed this month when he expressed dissatisfaction with the \"insignificant\" leaders entrusted with the task of campaign committee and offered to quit all poll panels. He was only couching his anger in politically-correct arguments like competence of strategists and campaigners chosen when, sources said, his real demand was he be made the party's poll mascot.Sources said Singh is keen to contest himself and wants a lion's share in ticket allocation. Once assured, he would be certain that the party would find it difficult to ignore him as choice for CM. He has already held a meeting with screening committee chairperson Sheila Dikshit, who, in turn, met party supremo Sonia Gandhi on Friday to discuss the issue.Congress is vulnerable to Singh's pressure because of circumstances. While HP has come to hold larger-than-expected importance in its political battle with BJP in view of a string of defeats, Singh happens to be Congress's only mass leader whose hostility can sink the party's chances. Importantly, HP poll accompanies Gujarat, making the hill state crucial to the party's bid to salvage political respect. Congress is unsure of upstaging Narendra Modi.AICC strategists believe that HP battle can turn out to be like April polls in Uttarakhand where rebels marred its chances in around eight seats, making the difference between a sure-victory and a solitary-seat scrape through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15714167", "title": "Noida Extension work may start this week", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The NCR Planning Board's nod to Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 has come as a huge relief not only to homebuyers but also Greater Noida Authority that had been relentlessly trying to ensure resumption of construction work in the area for almost one year-and-a-half now.Welcoming the decision, Authority CEO Rama Raman said that work on stalled housing projects \u2014 barring those in Shahberi \u2014 will resume by the end of the month. The Authority will submit an affidavit in the Allahabad high court next week regarding the approval.A high-level meeting has been scheduled on Monday with senior officials from Greater Noida and Lucknow to decide the future course of action. \"The approval has finally ended the Noida Extension crisis, offering immense relief not just to the state but also to one lakh homebuyers who have invested in the area as well as the developers. We want to assure all stakeholders that as soon as the affidavit is submitted, we will recommence the construction work,\" he said.\"We will hold a detailed meeting on Monday to review the status of each project, pacts reached with farmers, and compensation packages already disbursed, among other things,\" Raman added.The Authority, however, is yet to figure out its plan for Shahberi, where most of the denotified 608 hectares of land has already been returned to farmers in accordance with a Supreme Court order. Besides, petitions from several farmers from the 13 villages that constitute the Noida Extension area, are also pending in courts. However, Raman said that construction in these areas will be resumed nevertheless. \"The courts have not ordered a stay in any village except Shahberi. We have already accepted all the pre-conditions set by the Allahabad high court, including the payment of enhanced compensation to farmers,\" he said. \"If and when courts pass orders on individual petitions, we will take the necessary action,\" he added.Meanwhile, thousands of jubilant homebuyers gathered at the Noida Extension roundabout on Saturday evening to celebrate the planning board's approval. \"All our efforts, our protests and innumerable rallies have finally paid off. We can't wait for the construction work to resume,\" said Abhishek Kumar of Noida Extension Flat Owners Welfare Association. A delegation of buyers will meet the Authority CEO on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723267", "title": "Malaria deaths rattle govt in dengue season", "text": "KOLKATA: The death of four malaria patients at Bankura Medical College has prompted the health department to initiate an internal probe to find out the lacunae in the referral system for treating malaria patients.\"Bankura Medical College is the highest referral centre at Bankura District. Four patients dying in quick succession at that facility is really a reason for introspection,\" said a senior official in-charge of the malaria section.\"Our officials of the public health department and vector borne disease surveillance section have gone to the hospitals to gather a clear picture of the treatment procedure,\" said a senior official.Officials spent the whole day studying bed tickets to figure out the treatment given to the patients who had died from malaria, said hospital sources.\"Senior officials from health secretariat had come for a routine inquiry and they spent the whole day talking to the doctors and nurses of the department. They also collected information about the when these patients had come and in what stage,\" said a senior administrative official of the hospital.Health department sources further revealed that the situation of malaria deaths in Bankura and Purulia has improved quite a lot in 2011.\"The main purpose is to find out the fault and where it occurred. A patient dying of malaria at the medical college is not acceptable. We wish to find where the delay occurred and in which place of network it happened,\" said Shankar Saha, deputy director in charge of malaria section.With dengue sweeping Kolkata and adjoining districts, the malaria deaths have led to major concern. In Kolkata and Salt Lake , the administration spent weeks trying to play down the dengue menace but it can no longer ignore the threat now. \"We are investigating the death of these malaria deaths. It is a routine process,\" said Asit Biswas, health department spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15722115", "title": "Beijing man pricked by HIV-infected needle in taxi", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese man, 37, was pricked by the needle of an HIV-infected syringe left in the back of a taxi in Haidan district, causing fear and raising concern among commuters. Initial investigations at a local hospital showed that he has not been infected, but the man, Xu Tian, remains in fear, state media quoted health officials as saying.Xu felt the peculiar pain of a needle on his left knee on entering the taxi on August 21. He then found a syringe sticking out of the magazine rack behind the car's front seat.Xu took the syringe to Chaoyang District Centre for Disease Control and Prevention and after a few preliminary tests it was found that the fluid in it was HIV-infected. Xu's blood test results were HIV negative.\"Even if there are HIV antibodies in the fluid, it does not mean that the virus is definitely still alive, given that it is very fragile outside the human body,\" Jiang, a doctor.Doctors are optimistic about Xu's well-being but have asked him to be vigilant and that it will take three months to rule out the possibility completely. His girlfriend now wants to break up leaving Xu depressed, Beijing News said. It was not clear how the syringe made its way to the taxi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15722702", "title": "Ten firms in CBI\u2019s coalgate noose for forgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has unearthed about 10 cases, wherein companies fudged facts to qualify for getting coal blocks through the allocation route, and formal complaints in this regard are expected to be filed shortly.\"The agency has examined allocation of 64 coal blocks for which 1,422 applications were received by the coal ministry between 2006 and 2009 ... Most of the anomalies have been found in allocations of blocks in Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Karnataka. The FIRs (first information reports or formal complaints), would be primarily registered for criminal conspiracy and forgery,\" a source privy to the investigations told ToI.The development comes a day after coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal's statement that there was a possibility that some companies might have applied for blocks on the basis of wrong information or enough due diligence was note conducted to prevent such companies from getting the mines. The coal minister was replying to a question whether the controversial allocations would be reviewed.\"There may be some cases where companies may have provided wrong information. It is also possible that there was shortcoming on part of officials in scrutiny (of applications) - unwittingly or willingly - is a matter for investigation by the CBI. The agency is investigating and facts will soon come out,\" Jaiswal had said at a press conference he addressed on Friday along with finance minister P Chidambaram and law minister Salman Khurshid to denounce the government auditor's report on allocation of coal blocks.CBI filing FIRs gives ammo to oppositionWhile examining the financial implication of the allocation of 57 coal blocks, first reported by TOI on May 22, the comptroller and auditor general ( CAG ) has said the government extended an estimated windfall gain of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private companies by giving them the blocks without bidding.The report has sparked off a political standoff and stalled Parliament for all of last week over the opposition's demand for PM Manmohan Singh's resignation as he held the coal ministry for a better part of the time when these blocks were allocated.After repeated appeals for allowing the PM to make a statement in Parliament failed to cut ice with the opposition, the government came out with all guns blazing and fielded the three ministers in an attempt to defend the PM directly before the people.The finance minister on Friday argued that since coal from the allotted blocks was yet to be mined - only one of the 57 is in production - there was no gain to private firms, and conversely, no loss to the exchequer.Jaiswal termed CAG's calculations as \"inaccurate\" and said the PM or a minister is only involved at policy level and \"implementation is the job of officials\".But filing of FIRs by the CBI at this juncture would add to the sense of foul play in allocation of blocks and strengthen the opposition's case. The agency has been probing the allocations on complaints two BJM lawmakers, Hansraj Ahir and Prakash Javdekar, filed soon after the ToI first reported on CAG's draft report on allocations pegging the total gains at Rs 10.67 lakh, including to state-run entities. The public sector units and joint ventures were taken out of the final report.During the course of investigations, the agency questioned HC Gupta and PC Parakh who were the coal secretaries when the PM held the portfolio. It has also quizzed 22 other officials in the rank of secretary and joint secretary in the coal, power and commerce ministries. It has also examined senior officials of states where blocks were allocated.The CBI has formed 14 small teams within its economic offences wing (EOW) to scrutinize documents pertaining to allocation of coal blocks and seek details from private firms that were given these mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714279", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's ashes in Nagpur on Wednesday", "text": "NAGPUR: The urn containing ashes of former chief minister and Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh will be brought to the city on Wednesday and taken in a procession throughout the city before being immersed at Ramtek the same evening.Briefing reporters here on Saturday about the 'Asthikalash yatra', guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe and city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said as per the plan chalked out by the MPCC, all district units have been asked to collect an urn each for city and rural units of the party, from Mumbai on Tuesday. Gupta, along with Vijay Jichkar and, Kishore Mire and Nana Thakre from Nagpur (rural), will reach Nagpur by the Vidarbha Express on Wednesday morning with the urn.Kept in a bedecked 'rath', the urn will be taken in a procession from Manas Chowk to Cotton Market, Subhash Road, Agyaram Temple Square, Chitnis Park Square to Devadia Congress Bhavan. \"It will kept there for people to pay last respects to the departed leader who had special attachment with the city and contributed to its development,\" said Moghe.All-religion prayers and Shanti Path will be offered around 10am and later the urn will be taken to Kamptee where people from Nagpur rural can have its 'darshan' at Gandhi Bhavan from 1pm for half an hour. Later, accompanied by all senior ministers, Moghe and other senior Congress leaders and workers, the urn will be taken to Ramtek where the ashes will be immersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15711505", "title": "Membership of Cong MLAs restored", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress MLAs Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Kalpana Parulekar have formally got back their membership of the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha after the House first terminated their membership and later rolled back its decision during monsoon session last month.In a release, state electoral office said it has received orders from Election Commission of India (ECI), confirming restoration of membership of Choudhary Rakesh Singh from Bhind and Dr Parulekar from Mahidpur assembly constituencies.The state legislative assembly, during its monsoon session, had passed a resolution on July 18 terminating the membership of the opposition members for their \"unruly behaviour\" in the House.However, a special session was called on July 27 where the membership of Chaturvedi and Parulekar was restored. The assembly's decision was conveyed to the ECI, which has now formally approved it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15714928", "title": "I'm married to Gopal Goyal Kanda, Ankita Singh told cops in 2009", "text": "PANAJI: Ankita Singh, whose name figures in Geetika Sharma's suicide note, had told the Goa police in 2009 that she was married to Gopal Goyal Kanda alias G V Goel and had a child by him.The police statement was in connection with a case of threatening and theft filed then by Geetika against Ankita and Nupur Mehta. Ankita had told the police at that time that she was the director of the Mint casino operations owned by Kanda. The former Haryana minister's MDLR group ran the onshore Mint Club Casino and the offshore Mint Cruise Casino. Both operations folded up in late 2009.Geetika in her suicide note written a day before she was found hanging at her northwest Delhi residence had said that Kanda was in an illegal relationship with a woman named Ankita and had fathered a girl child by her.A team of Delhi police had recently visited the residences of Nupur and Ankita in Goa to record the women's statements, but both were unavailable.The team had also visited a shop run by Ankita's brother for further investigation but they found the shop was shut.Geetika was initially working at Mint Club Casino operating from a five star resort at Arpora and later oversaw affairs at the offshore Mint Cruise Casino, sources said. MDLR had bought the offshore Casino Rio owned by Leela Group and renamed it Mint Cruise Casino.Geetika, a former airhostess with the now defunct MDLR airline, committed suicide early August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15717958", "title": "'Ghar nu Ghar' a poll gimmick by exploiters of poor: Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time after the huge reception for the 'Ghar nu Ghar' scheme announced by Gujarat Congress, the chief minister reacted to the housing programme. At the inauguration of a Garib Kalyan Mela, he recounted the work being done on the home front since 2001.Addressing the statewide Garib Kalyan Mela (GKM) through video conference, chief minister Narendra Modi said that the exploiters of the poor have once again come in the open with schemes on paper in their hands and elections on their mind like past governments. He asserted that his government has been committed to providing the poor a steady life for the last 10 years.The Congress had announced earlier this month that if voted to power, it would provide affordable houses to homeless women in urban areas and a free 100 sq yard plot to those in rural areas.He said \"The BJP government has distributed benefits worth Rs.10,500 crore to around 80 lakh poor persons through 900 GKM so far. Besides, the government handed over 16 lakh houses and 3.25 lakh plots to the poor since 2001.\"He further said that during the GKMs, almost Rs 2,000 crore will be disbursed to nearly 4.25 lakh poor people as a part of the first installment for houses. \"This government is distributing money from its exchequer to the poor who are entitled to benefits, whereas the past Congress governments allowed middlemen to exploit the poor,\" he said.He further went on to recount how the government has taken measures for all sections the poor in the state. He said \"If the people of Gujarat are free from gutka, poverty and malnutrition they would be able to focus on education and prosperity and the government is taking all measures.\"He said that in order to keep people away from addiction, the Government will, between September 5 and 11 observe 'Gutkha Mutki Saptah' with a view to save the poor, especially youths, from cancer.He also gave details of the government's efforts to deal with the present water scarcity which included making fodder available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15714619", "title": "Prime Minister is honest: Union coal minister", "text": "KANPUR: Union Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Saturday while addressing a press conference here in city defended prime minister Manmohan Singh over the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) report on coal block allocations. Jaiswal said that opposition should not point out finger on PM's honesty.\"The opposition should come for debate in the Parliament instead of levelling baseless allegations against PM,\" he said.Jaiswal further said the various state governments were consulted and their approval was taken for allocation of all coal blocks.He asserted there was no question of a loss when mining had started in only one block out of the total 57. \"When only one block is mined, then how can we say that there is a loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore,\" Jaiswal said further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15725033", "title": "Sell, don\u2019t smuggle", "text": "Stealing antiquities is a flourishing business in India. Can the smuggling of our heritage be stopped by freeing up the domestic market for antiques, which is tightly regulated and governed by archaic laws?Last month, when 63-year-old jetsetting antique dealer Subhash Chandra Kapoor was intercepted by Interpol in Germany and extradited to India, it blew the lid off a well-oiled antique smuggling racket that had been going on for years. Kapoor, who owns Art of the Past, a tony showroom on New York's Madison Avenue, was allegedly the kingpin of this racket, which smuggled old idols from temples in Tamil Nadu and Kerala and supplied them to private collectors and museums across the world. Raids at his warehouse in Manhattan revealed stolen antiquities worth almost Rs 100 crore. Even as Kapoor awaits trial in a Chennai court, his capture has revived the debate on why antique smuggling continues to flourish in India.Many believe that the single most important reason is ironically, the very law which has been designed to protect antiquities . The Antiquities and Art Treasures Act is a controversial piece of legislation that was passed in 1972 in order to prevent smuggling and fraudulent dealings of Indian antique objects. But its effect, many say, has been the opposite. \"There can hardly be any argument that the act woefully underestimated the magnitude and complexity of the task mandated to the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to register and document all art objects that are more than 100 years old,\" says industrialist Suresh Neotia, who has been an ardent antique collector for many years.The act mandates that all such objects that are a century or more old should be registered with the ASI along with a photograph . But according to Neotia, it is the cumbersome process of registration and the archaic provisions in the act \u2014 which allow the ASI to prosecute collectors, even raiding their house if it believes the objects in their possession are not being correctly maintained \u2014 that has put off many antique lovers from building private collections. This, he says, has lead to a slump in domestic antique buying and inadvertently encouraged smuggling. \"Between the 1940s and 1970s, major antique collections were formed by people like B K Birla, Gopi Krishna Kanoria, Sir Cowasji Jehangir, Jagdish Goenka and many others. But subsequent to the act, there have been no major collections . Even I have donated my collection and I know of many others who have got out of it instead of getting into the complications of registration and its consequential implications ,\" he says.Incidentally, the Union government formed a committee headed by historian RN Mishra to recommend changes to the act. The committee submitted its report to the ministry of culture sometime back. Gautam Sengupta, the director general of ASI, says his department is going through the recommendations and will be submitting its comments soon. However, he dismisses the suggestion that the act has, in any way, abetted smuggling. \"Antique smuggling is primarily a law and order issue which is tackled by the police. As far as concerns of registration of antiques, as stipulated in the act, being cumbersome, it's a fallacy as the process is quite simple.\" But Neotia, who was a member of the Mishra Committee and voiced his dissent on the act's provisions regularly, does not agree. \"Preservation of antiquities and preventing their smuggling are two sides of the same coin. They cannot be viewed in isolation,\" he says. \"In the past 25-30 years, the ASI has managed to register only about 3 lakh pieces, while there would be millions of artefacts in the country. The compliance form of the ASI is a deterrent to any normal person who is interested in an antique. There are so many things that have to be disclosed in the form and any wrong disclosure, made even unknowingly, can lead to serious complications. That's why nobody wants to enter into this tunnel.\"But he also offers a solution: \"The repeal of the Gold Control Act in 1990 ended gold smuggling. Similarly, antique smuggling too can be significantly reduced if domestic trade in antiquities is liberalized and freed from the shackles of registration.\"Amending the act, though, is only part of the solution. There are other problems on the ground as well, like providing adequate protection to monuments in order to prevent theft as well as dealing with cases of pilferage from ancient sites. Naman Ahuja, associate professor in the school of arts and aesthetics at New Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University says that better protection of artefacts can come only when more people are involved in antique collection. \"India's borders are too porous to be able to carefully man them. It is only by energising all the possible stakeholders and collectors that India has a better chance of protecting its heritage rather than only holding the ASI responsible for this,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726176", "title": "2-day Orthopaedic conference begins", "text": "PATNA: A two-day 12th national conference of the central zone of Indian Orthopaedic Association- (CEZCON)-2012 on 'geriatric orthopaedics' was inaugurated here on Saturday by the president of IOA, Dr SKS Marya, with a call to all doctors to share their good and bad experiences, so that other doctors do not repeat the same mistakes.The Bihar branch of central zone of IOA, in association with Bihar Orthopaedic Association (BOA), have organized the event. Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey, who was the chief guest, appreciated the efforts put together by the association for organizing the conference to discuss some major health-related issues.Dr Ranjan Kamilya from Kolkata, while addressing the doctors said, \"Most of the elders suffer from osteoarthritis. Many of them cannot afford total joint replacement. Modern era's local injection and medicine besides change in lifestyle can give them relief.\" Speaking about hip joint pain, Dr AS Prasad said, \"Joint replacement is a good option for people suffering from hip joint pain.\"The programme was presided by Dr Ajeet Saigal, president, Central Zone Orthopaedic Association. While Dr Sudhir Kapoor from New Delhi, secretary IOA, was the guest of honour at the conference.As many as 500 delegates, including orthopaedic surgeons of national and international fame, are participating at the conference. On the first day, 23 of them delivered their speech.\"We are also holding an awareness programme on bone and joint problems of old age, where the general public will discuss with leading orthopaedic surgeons of national fame their problems,\" Dr Amulya Kumar Singh, chairman of the organizing committee of the conference, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723399", "title": "Surjya slams CM's media bashing", "text": "KOLKATA: While Mamata Banerjee is livid on a section of the media and the judiciary, the CPM has opted for the Vivekananda route to win over its natural allies that left it.\"The Trinamool Congress has launched a hate campaign. The chief minister isn't sparing anyone. She launched an attack on the media today. Look at the way a former high court judge was intimidated for speaking out the other day. How long will they be able to intimidate people? People will finally come out. We have to keep space for them, win them over,\" said leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra, addressing a public meeting at Bijoygarh in south Kolkata on Saturday.The diehard Marxist then fell back upon Swamiji to expess himself - \"Jibe prem kore jei jon, shei jon sebichhe Iswar (it is through service to mankind that one can be close to God).\" one who serves living beings actually does service to God).Referring to the CM's media bashing, the leader of the Opposition said: \"It is strange that the CM is blaming a section of the media for conspiring against the government for money. If that is true, then it is also true that she controls a large section of the media being fed by chit funds.\"Mishra also took a dig at the CM for her studied silence on the corruption charges brought against the UPA-II government. \"The CM who once quit the Union government over the coffin scandal is not doing so now. The reason, it seems, that her own house is not in order. The scam on trident lights is a case in point. We are not demanding a CBI probe into the scam. But see what the CM is doing?\" Mishra added.The leader of the opposition then appealed to the public to judge how the government has been function in grunning. \"There has been a spurt in atrocities against women. Women of all age group from eight to 70 are feeling insecure. Parents are scared of sending their daughters to tuitions. The government is trying to gag the dissenting voice by calling them \"Maoists\". putting a Maoist tag.Men like Shiladitya Chowdhury are being put behind the bars. Also, former chief minister and our party leader Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee is being denied permission for holding an activist meeting in Hooghly,\" Mishra said.The Opposition leader asked left it to the people to take their own decision. \"The CM has announced thousands of jobs. If some in this locality have got some of these jobs, stay with the Trinamool. But if you are insecure, if you feel let down, come by our side,\" Mishra said taking recourse to religious lingo again - \"rakhe hari mare ke? (No one can kill you if God is by your side)\" - and then again reiterated quickly clarified that he considers the people as are his God.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15710509", "title": "Hospitals to stay on alert, quarantine H1N1 victims", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after another swine flu death in the city was reported, the district administration on Saturday instructed all hospitals to remain on high alert. All hospitals would maintain a special room to immediately quarantine suspected H1N1 victims, according to a press release here on Monday. Swine flu has claimed four victims in the state, including two deaths in Bhopal this year.At an emergency meeting task force, the district collector took stock of the situation after 38-year-old woman died in a private hospital, from the deadly swine flu virus. The deceased was undergoing treatment since Aug 12.About 25 representatives of private and government hospitals took part in the task force meeting. The chief medical and health officer (CMHO) office would hold training for all paramedical staff on tackling, the spread of the virus.\"All victims of swine flu were not residents of the city. However, we are taking precautions to control the spread of the virus,\" said CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla.Health authorities have been instructed to distribute advance stock of medicines. However, the issue of shortage of Tamiflu in syrup form continues. The issue was first raised by local health officials in March this year, when the first swine flu case was reported.So far, 55 samples of suspected swine flu cases have been tested in Bhopal. Currently, three positive cases are being treated. The condition of the two is stated to be critical, according to the department of public health and family welfare department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15717922", "title": "Probe over, CBI's grilling of jailed IPS officers goes on", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After telling the Supreme Court that its probe in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case was complete, the CBI has been questioning IPS officers allegedly involved in this case, in prison, for a couple of days.Sources said the CBI told jail authorities on Thursday that they were to begin questioning of D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian and Dinesh M N again. Accordingly, CBI sleuths interrogated suspended DIG Vanzara on Friday.While Dinesh M N was grilled on Saturday morning, Pandian was questioned in the afternoon as he was at Civil Hospital in the morning. Sources also said that another team of investigators had left for Palanpur to question other cops lodged in a Banaskantha district prison.These men were also questioned earlier by the CBI. CID (crime) filed chargesheets against them, though it showed Pandian as absconding and unavailable, despite the cop being in judicial custody in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, for over five years.The SC transferred this probe to CBI in April last year, asking it to complete investigation in six months, and the agency has sought extensions on various occasions since then. CBI has been maintaining that Tulsiram was an eyewitness to the abduction of Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi from a bus going from Hyderabad to Sangli, a couple of days before they were killed, in late November 2005.The CBI has even stated in chargesheets, that Tulsiram was the third person travelling with Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi. This conclusion is mainly based on the testimony of Sohrabuddin's brothers Rubabuddin and Nayamuddin, who told the CBI that Tulsiram accompanied Sohrab and Kauserbi, when they had left for Hyderabad, to celebrate Eid with their friend Kalimuddin alias Nayeemuddin.However, former supervisor of this case in CID (crime), ADGP Geetha Johri stated before the SC that the third person was not Tulsiram, but Kalimuddin. She even made the case more mysterious by saying that Kalimuddin is an absconder in the Haren Pandya murder case. She also claimed that the Gujarat police knew about this during the investigation of the fake encounter. She alleged that Andhra Pradesh police were shielding Kalimuddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15711448", "title": "Speeding truck runs over biker", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old surveyor of a shipping company was killed when a truck hit his motorcycle from behind and then ran him over on Friday.Officials of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) present on the spot stopped the truck and handed the driver over to the Yellow Gate police.The incident occurred around 3.30pm near Green Gate in the Yellow Gate locality when the victim, Prashant Rahate, and his colleague, Ashok Yadav, were headed to their office. , also in south Mumbai. They were returning from a survey of a shipping consignment at Yellow Gate.According to the police, the fault lay with the truck driver, Rahesh Yadav, who tried to overtake Rahate's bike at a high speed. \"The truck took a sharp turn on the right, trying to go ahead of the motorcycle,\" This caused the mishap, which killed Rahate on the spot,\" said Yellow Gate senior inspector Pandurang Dokhe. Ashok, who was riding pillion, had a narrow escape. In the complaint, he said, \"After finishing work, we took the road near Golden Gate to go to our office. when the truck hit us.The truck was on the left when it dashed into us. Rahate fell off the bike and the truck's front tyre went over him. I had a lucky escape; though I fell, I rolled over and the truck's tyre missed me. But Rahate was killed.\"A resident of Ramabaiwadi Housing Society in Mulund, Rahate is survived by his parents, a younger sister and a brother. \"Rahate's father Prakash works at a petrol pump in Bhandup. The family depended on Rahate's earnings and it was he who took care of his siblings' education,\" said an investigator.Rahate's family didn't believed when the police informed them that he died in an accident. His family was not in a position to talk. His neighbours said that he was a hard working boy who cared for his family.The truck driver has been booked for causing death by negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714391", "title": "Occupational therapy and physiotherapy, nursing courses get a boost", "text": "NAGPUR: In a last-minute corrective measure, the directorate of medical education and research (DMER) gave the much-awaited nod for creation of posts for the occupational therapy and physiotherapy (OTPT) posts in the Government Medical College and Hospital, paving way for admissions to the degree courses in the two subjects.Also, the directorate has redesignated posts of teachers for the BSc nursing degree course at GMCH, opening a new door for recognition of the course by the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) for the course.Delighted by the decision, GMCH dean Dr Rajaram Powar is seeing this as a landmark decision by the DMER and the state government which would now put GMCH at par with the best of the medical colleges in the state and outside.\"Though this decision of creating new posts was needed for almost three decades, it has finally created history. Formally, it will be still some more time before the finance department actually creates these posts as at present they are redesignated. Timely action is what actually matters,\" he said. Dr Powar, however, clarified that the gap in salaries of the teachers would still remain until the posts are formally created. But the difference in the payment would be given to them once this happens.Until now, the OTPT just had posts of superintendent and lecturers. But with the creation of new posts and redesignation, now both courses will have a principal, and professor's post, another professor post, six associate professors and assistant professors as per MUHS norms for admission of 30 students in each of the two specialities. All therapists posts have been upgraded to lecturers.\"It will now allow us to get clearance for the PG degree, admissions for which couldn't have happened without clearance for the degree course. It is surely a historic step in the history of the school of physiotherapy and occupational therapy,\" said Dr Umanjali Damke.Dr Damke had long been working as a lecturer and was recently upgraded to superintendent. She has now been redesignated as a principal-cum-professor. She and Dr P P Ukey, the superintendent of OT, had been waiting for this for years. The number of teachers in OTPT will thus rise from 17% to 65%, the minimum requirement as per MUHS for running the course.The college authorities expressed their gratitude to Dr Uday Bodhankar, a management council member in MUHS, and Dinanath Padole, MLA from South Nagpur, for pursuing the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718760", "title": "Ahmedabad Women's Action Group founder Ila Pathak honoured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Very few women activists in the country have worked for the oppressed urban women. Ila Pathak, the founder of Ahmedabad Women's Action Group ( AWAG), is one of them. On Saturday, Pathak was honored for her work, and four books - compilation of her articles on promoting women equality, individuality and empowerment - were released by author and sculptor Esther David at the Gajjar Hall. In her compilations, Pathak talks of the need for urban women to exert their rights and explains how they can lead a life of dignity. The book covers have photographs from a series of paintings made on the 50 feet long 'Harmony Wall'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15723682", "title": "Panjab University netas strut small-town designs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Student elections at Panjab University and colleges are not just about votes and rigorous campaigning, these are also about flaunting the latest trends in kurta-pyjamas - preferably 'home-spun' from Punjab towns. Opting for top-most tailors in smaller towns in Punjab, PU student leaders are fussy, when it comes to making a style statement.Stitching trendy kurtas, Aman Deep Singh and his father have been helping in designing the 'perfect neta look' for these student leaders for a decade now. This time it is straight-fit kurtas with stylish pockets and rounded three-fourth sleeves, which the father-son duo have come up with.A BTech student from a college in Landran who runs a popular tailor shop at Kotkapura with his father, Aman visits the city each year around poll time to market his kurtas.\"There has been a surge in demand for white kurtas in the last few years and now even those university boys who have nothing to do with polls, get these made,\" says Aman.Student leaders affirm that tailors in Muktsar besides Kotkapura and others areas in Punjab are much in demand.\"Each year we order plain white kurtas from Kotkapura, without much adornment on them, for student elections,\" says Ravinder Dhaliwal, a PUSU leader. \"We get our kurta- pyjamas made from a tailor in Muktsar. But most people from the party don't like to experiment much when it comes to clothes,\" says Robin Brar of SOPU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15748035", "title": "Prabhas dubs his voice for Manchu Vishnu", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas has dubbed his voice for actor Manchu Vishnu, in the latter's forthcoming movie \"Denikaina Ready\". Apparently, there are few scenes in the film, in which Vishnu imitates Prabhas and as such, Vishnu requested Prabhas to lend his voice and the rebel star obliged.Denikaina Ready, which is directed by Nageshwara Reddy and produced by Vishnu's 24 Frames Factory banner is nearing completion. Hansika is playing the female lead and Chakri is composing the music. The film is a love entertainer with lot of comedy and the audio launch is expected soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15751534", "title": "Directing a film is easier: Farah Khan", "text": "Apart from the unconventional pairing and storyline of Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi, what has created a lot of buzz is ace choreographer and director Farah Khan's debut as an actress.But Farah, who was in Vadodara to promote the film, feels that it is easier to direct a project than being in front of the camera. She says, \"There was a point I got tired of all the make-up and all that stuff. Making a film is my cup of tea but acting is a difficult job. Besides, I hate waiting on the sets and every time a co-actor would get late, I would get very impatient.\"However, she adds, \"This particular film offered me a fantastic role and there was no way that I wouldn't take it up. Besides, Boman Irani is one of the finest actors that the country has today and I felt really honored to be paired alongside him. I share a great comfort level with him and that really helped.\"Asked about the extensive promotions, Farah said, \"A good film will always work, regardless of how much it is promoted. But then, in today's times, certain people start thinking that something is wrong with a film if it isn't promoted extensively.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15758183", "title": "Maharashtra remains high on liquor sales but low on excise income", "text": "THANE: Notwithstanding the soaring sales of liquor in Maharashtra, the excise collections in the five years (2005-2010) was the lowest as compared to high tax earnings inspite of poor liquor sales by neighbouring Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, reveals a recent report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India.Lauding the efforts of these three states in maximizing its income from excise duty, the CAG has snubbed the Maharashtra excise ministry here for the massive mismatch in liquor sales and earnings from excise duty.Though the western state topped the chart of all four states in consumption of alcohol registering a sale of over 33 crore cases of beer, Indian made foreign liquor and country-made liquor during 2005-2010, its excise earnings during these years totaled up to just Rs 19,581 crore.As against this, bordering Karnataka was way far ahead in its excise collections having earned a fabulous Rs 25,348 crore by selling 20 core-plus liquor cases during the same five years, the CAG report states.The southern state of Tamil Nadu recovered excise tax to the tune of Rs 24,864 crore during 2005-2010 from the sale of over 25 crore liquor cases., while in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh the earnings from excise duty exceeded Rs 21,000 crore by way of sales of 29 crore liquor cases, a comparative chart prepared by the Central government auditors indicated.While the CAG is silent about the quantum of excise duty levied on the liquor in these three states, critics who are more likely to question the comparisions have been silenced in its report which said that its revenue realization measure were not up to the mark.It is expected that the tax on liquor would in high enough to discourage its consumption and at the same time result in augmentation of revenue. However, it is seen that though the consumption of liquor in Maharashtra was high the comparative revenue yield was unfavourable,'' states the report which was tabled in the state legislature during the recently-concluded budget session.Statistics show that Karnataka's total income from excise in the five years was 29 per cent higher than that of Maharashtra, while Tamil Nadu earned an additional Rs 5283 crore or 27 per cent more in excise revenue than Maharashtra for the same period. AP with a total earning of Rs 21,760 crore posted a 11 per cent growth in excise revenue than Maharashtra.Although the population of the state (Maharashtra) was the highest (as compared to the three other states) the percentage of excise duty receipts of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu for the period 2008-10 was more than double the percentage of excise revenue collection in Maharashtra,'' the CAG auditors noted.Poor tax collections have been attributed to the prevalent system in Maharashtra whereby tax is collected at source from the distilleries scattered across the state leading to allegations of under reporting of sales. In contrast, liquor sales in the other three state are conducted through a state-run undertaking with little scope for any tax evasion.These states have benefitted significantly by canalizing the entire supply of IMFL or beer whether domesitically manufactured or received from other state through setting up of State Beverage Corporation for selling alcoholic beverages, '' the report states suggesting that Maharashtra should adopt the model in existence in the three states for increasing its income from excise.MAHARASHTRAYEARBEER SALES#IMFL SALES # @EXCISE INCOME2005-06185358Rs 2,8232006-07218388Rs 3,3002007-08236419Rs 3,9692008-09265446Rs 4,4332009-10310480Rs 5,056KARNATAKAYEARBEER SALESIMFL SALESEXCISE INCOME2005-06114143Rs 3,3962006-07118154Rs 4,4952007-08143325Rs 4,7662008-09154366Rs 5,7492009-10142390Rs 6,942ANDHRA PRADESHYEARBEER SALESIMFL SALESEXCISE INCOME2005-06180266Rs 2,6842006-07252313Rs 3,4362007-08291338Rs 4,0402008-09292365Rs 5,7522009-10249412Rs 5,848TAMIL NADUYEARBEER SALESIMFL SALESEXCISE INCOME2005-06132228Rs 3,7162006-07177270Rs 3,9862007-08196306Rs 4,6742008-09224356Rs 5,755 cr2009-10243409Rs 6,7333# in lakh cases@ includes country-made liquorRs in croreSource: CAG report March 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15724717", "title": "How can judiciary enforce right to sleep? CJI asks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Justice of India (CJI) SH Kapadia on Saturday said the Supreme Court might have overstretched the human rights jurisprudence to include right to sleep in the bouquet of fundamental rights, as enforcing such a right would be very difficult.The CJI, who was delivering a lecture, also seemed critical of the civil society activists for questioning the authority of Parliament to make laws and by draping themselves with \"we the people\" authority. \"This is a dangerous argument. This is a challenge not to the power of Parliament but its authority to enact law,\" he said.Justice Kapadia said the SC had been for decades expanding the fundamental rights. But using expansion of human rights jurisprudence without connecting it to core constitutional philosophy could render them unenforceable.\"Right to privacy had been made a fundamental right. But now we hear that right to sleep is also a fundamental right. I am not criticizing. But, is it capable of being enforced? If we lay down a policy and the government says it cannot implement it, can we enforce it by resorting to contempt jurisdiction?\" he asked.\"The judges must apply the principle of enforceability before propounding legal principles and passing orders,\" he said.On February 23, the apex court in its judgment had slammed the police for its midnight action on June 4 last year against a sleeping crowd at yoga guru Baba Ramdev's rally at Ramlila Maidan in New Delhi and said that a citizen has a right to sound sleep because it is fundamental to life.ON PM UNDER LOKPAL: The CJI did not make any reference to Team Anna's demand two months ago for a referendum to decide whether the Prime Minister should be included within the purview of Lokpal bill, but said the Constitution did not permit holding of a referendum to decide a controversy.The CJI said certain concepts were deliberately not incorporated by the framers of the Constitution. \"Take for example abolition of untouchability. Had there been a referendum in 1947, the majority community would have defeated the question. That is why the framers put abolition of untouchability under Article 17 in the fundamental rights chapter,\" he said. \"So, the question is: can there be a referendum in India because of certain controversy? The answer is no.\"He said every now and them a section raises \"we the people\" slogan to say Parliament did not represent people.ON JUDICIAL OVERREACH: From civil society's demands, he turned his attention to judicial self-introspection and said judicial activism could be permissible when it comes to extending human rights principles to give them a constitutional cloak but the policy and legislative domains must not be encroached by judiciary.\"Judges need not govern the country as we are not accountable to the people,\" Kapadia said.To the government, the CJI advised that it must not rush with laws that had the potential to tilt the fine balance prescribed by the Constitution for a federal structure of governance.\"That is why the other day I said the government must not tinker with the established provisions relating to appointment of judges and their and transfers through collegium system and the move to fasten accountability through a proposed law without finding a very good alternative by taking opinion of em-inent jurists and doing a thorough research and comparative analysis of systems in other countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720170", "title": "1% of state teachers passed eligibility test", "text": "CHENNAI: Raising concerns about the poor calibre of teachers in taking competitive tests, less than 1% of candidates who sat for the Tamil Nadu Teacher Eligibility Test on July 12 passed. Candidates attributed the poor result to the lack of time to complete the exam.\"We were told to take extreme caution in colouring the bubbles in the OMR sheet,\" said Santhosh Raj, a middle school teacher. \"This is the first time we are coming across this answer sheet. Just colouring our answer options took a lot of time,\" he said. Many said they could not find time to study with a full time job. Of the 6.67 lakh candidates, whose answer sheets were evaluated, only 2,448 passed.It was probably for the first time in decades that school teachers in the state were sitting for a competitive test. There was stiff resistance initially, particularly from those with just a couple of years to retire and from those who had registered with employment exchanges and were waiting for a job in a government school.While more than half of the successful candidates were women, the toppers in each category were also women. Surjit K Chaudhary, chairman of the Teachers Recruitment Board, which conducted the test, said M Priya of Udumalpet topped Paper 1 with 122 out of 150 marks, while P Chitra of Vedaranyam in Nagapattinam topped Paper 2 with 142 of 150, topping the science with mathematics category. Arulvani of Cumbum district topped social studies with 125 of 150 marks.The Right To Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act mandates that all teachers of Classes 1 to 8 and those aspiring to become teachers clear the test to ensure quality education for students.The low pass percentage in the TET has forced the TRB to conduct a supplementary test on October 3, which will be declared a holiday for schools. The duration of the examination will be increased from one-and-a-half hour to three hours. The results are expected to be out before the end of October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15724965", "title": "Additional solicitor general summoned", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court division bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice Joymalya Bagchi on Friday directed the additional solicitor general of India to appear before it on August 31 to defend the Union ministry of finance against allegations of inaction.The court was hearing a PIL in which the petitioner alleged that the ministry took no action against a stock broking firm that allegedly cheated customers, in spite of complaints. SEBI, RBI and the National Stock Exchange (NSE) have also been made respondents in this matter by the petitioner.Rameswar Chowdhury, through senior advocate Y J Dastoor, alleged that the ministry showed bias to the firm which allegedly duped depositors by collecting money from them for paying non-existent charges. Praying for a CBI probe, the petitioner alleged that the firm siphoned off funds worth hundreds of crores over several years from investors but no action was taken by the ministry despite complaints lodged with SEBI and Pranab Mukherjee , when he was the Union finance minister.The PIL claims that the firm charged regulatory charges on turn over without furnishing details to investors in the settlement notes issued to them. On inquiry, the firm informed investors that the regulatory charges comprise transaction charges, service tax on transaction charges, SEBI fees and clearing charges.petitioner claimed that the collection of such clearing charges is illegal as SEBI or NSE guidelines don't permit this. He submitted documents from SEBI and NSE as evidence.The petitioner further submitted that several letters were written to SEBI and NSE to no avail. \"By charging such clearing charges, the company is making billions of rupees which are unaccounted for. These funds are being siphoned off to undisclosed sources by defrauding the Government as well as investors, but the state respondents are not taking any steps to curb this illegal practice,\" the petition states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "keshpur", "code": "15725778", "title": "Trinamool factions clash in Keshpur again, 5 injured", "text": "KESHPUR: Five persons were injured after rival factions of the Trinamool Congress hurled bombs at each other in Keshpur on Saturday.Trouble started on Friday when Ashish Pramanik, the just removed Keshpur block Trinamool president, demonstrated in Keshpur and then marched to Midnapore town with his supporters. They also locked up the district party office.On their return to Keshpur, two of Pramanik's men were beaten up allegedly by supporters of the current block president, Sheikh Mainuddin, and his predecessor Chitta Gorai. Followers of Mainuddin and Gorai then went to Pramanik's stronghold near Ichaipur at around 5am on Saturday and hurled bombs at Pramanik's men. The latter too hurled bombs at them, injuring Sheikh Mota and Sheikh Santu of the Mainuddin-Gorai faction.The ruling block faction supporters returned to Damodarchowk and one of them,Sheikh Pintu Ali of the ruling block faction then barged into the house of Pramanik supporter Anisur Rahman and hurled bombs at him and his mother Abida Begum. Both were seriously injured. When Pramanik's men protested, Pintu tried to hurl a bomb at them. But it burst in his hands. Pintu, Abida and Anisur have been admitted to Midnapore Medical College. West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said raids are on to nab others involved in the clash.Three people were injured as rival factions of the Trinamool Congress hurled bombs at each other at Keshpur on Saturday. The just removed Keshpur block Trinamool president Ashish Pramanik organised a demonstration in Keshpur on Friday. He then marched with his supporters to Midnapore town where they locked the district party office which was then empty with all leaders elsewhere.On their return to Keshpur, two of Pramanik's men were beaten up, allegedly by supporters of current block president Sheikh Mainuddin and his predecessor Chitta Gorai. To retaliate, followers of Mainuddin and Gorai gathered at Damodarchowk village around 5 a.m. on Saturday and went to Pramanik's stronghold in nearby Ichaipur. There, they hurled bombs at Ashish followers who too counter-attacked with bombs, injuring Sheikh Mota and Sheikh Santu of the ruling Mainuddin-Chitta faction. The two were admitted to hospital.Outnumbered in Ichaipur, the ruling block faction supporters returned to Damodarchowk. Sheikh Pintu Ali of the faction barged into the house of Ashish supporter Anisur Rahman, 35 and hurled bombs just as he and his mother Abida Begum, 58, had sat for lunch. The bombs left both mother and son seriously injured.When Ashish faction supporters gathered in protest at Damodarchowk and began demonstrating, Pintu tried to hurl a bomb at them too but it burst in his hands, blowing off his right palm.Pintu, Abida and Anisur have been admitted to Midnapore Medical College. West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said raids are on to nab others involved in the clash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15712370", "title": "Shivaji Education Society passes buck on Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Renowned Shivaji Education Society from Amravati has miserably failed to act against principal of its Bhandara-based college where as many as 54 students were duped by a clerk in alleged collusion with the principal and exam in-charge.Society secretary VG Bhamburkar passed the buck on Nagpur University stating that they were waiting for the report of its disciplinary action committee (DAC). \"This matter is not in our hands as the NU will give us directions. We will act as soon as we get the inquiry report,\" he told TOI from Amravati.The accused principal was also debarred earlier by NU as he was caught red-handed helping a girl in clearing the exam. But no stringent action was taken against him by the university or college management. Instead, he was reappointed by the management. Bhamburkar however stated that the matter was solved under judicial supervision and interference of management was not needed.Nonetheless, the NU DAC in its report has passed the buck on Shivaji college management to act against principal Namdeo Meshram and senior clerk Jitendra Kirsal. It also asked NU to debar exam in-charge Sanjay Raibole for five years from exam work. It further recommended vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal to permanently debar Meshram. \"We handed over the report to Shivaji Society and asked them to conduct departmental inquiry against the accused and submit a report. We will take further action on that basis,\" controller of examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane told TOI.\"Pauni police probe too is going at snail's pace even after over a week of lodging the FIR,\" aggrieved students told TOI. They added that due to police lethargy, the main accused - Meshram and Kirsal - had gone underground.Police have so far recorded the statements of students only, not the accused. \"The inquiry was briefly stopped due to many holidays this week. Now, the principal has filed an appeal for pre-arrest bail and we will have to proceed according to the court's directives,\" said PSI PB Talekar.Aggrieved students told TOI that the principal did not pay much attention to the fake identity cards. \"When we inquired him about his negligence, he bluntly replied that being the principal, he did not have time to pay attention to such petty issues,\" they said.They pointed out that college officials had always refused to give receipts of money collected except the admission amount. \"We ran pillar to post to get the receipt of our exam fees but the clerk kept delaying it,\" they said.Kirsal had collected exam fees from BSc first, second and third year students but failed to deposit it with NU exam section. When these students began to inquire about their identity cards for exams, he somehow provided them fake ones with roll numbers of other students from other centres. The fraud came to light when the students checked their results online and were shocked to see someone else's mark-sheets on the roll number provided to them by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15741241", "title": "Jennifer Love Hewitt to sell her LA home", "text": "Jennifer Love Hewitt is selling her stunning Los Angeles home for 2.9 million dollars and has listed another one up for rent.The ' Ghost Whisperer ' actress had purchased the house back in 1998 for 1.7 million dollars, Contactmusic reported.The six-bedroom, six-bathroom home, which is situated in LA suburb Toluca Lake, sits on a quarter-acre of land, and is described as a \"traditional home with wonderful flow for living and entertaining\".Another property, which is rented for 12,500 dollars-a-month, is also on the same street. The actress had purchased the property for 5.5 million dollars in 2006.The 3,216 sq ft property is a Spanish-style house with four bedrooms, four bathrooms as well as private pool, spa and lakefront dock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15709899", "title": "Student thrashed by principal", "text": "GURGAON: A Class X student was allegedly thrashed on Friday by the principal and the physical training teacher of a Gurgaon school. The boy, who fell unconscious, was discharged from hospital on Saturday. His family has lodged a complaint with the Khandsa Road police chowki.His elder brother said students were making noise and to stop that the physical training teacher started beating them up with a stick. The principal came after the boy questioned the teacher's action. \"Both beat up my brother.\" He alleged the principal threatened them not to tell anybody about the incident. Police said they had summoned both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714492", "title": "Govt revives Jamghat dam for Nagpur's water supply", "text": "NAGPUR: After gathering dust for over 15 years, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh (MP) governments have revived the Jamghat project, which is vital for meeting water needs of the city in late 2020s. The project is expected to take minimum 10 years for completion. However, this will depend on the initiative shown by local politicians.Water resources ministers of Maharashtra and MP Sunil Tatkare and Jayant Malaiya discussed the project at a meeting held here on Saturday. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari was also present.The dam will be constructed in Chhindwara district of MP on Kanhan river. Its capacity will be 10 trillion cubic feet (TMC). Maharashtra will get all the water while MP will get the entire 90 MW hydel power.As per state government's estimates, the population of the city in 2031 will increase to 47.5 lakh while the population of Nagpur metro region would be 32.5 lakh. As on date, NMC gets 8 TMC raw water. The requirement will increase to 20 TMC by 2031. NMC had demanded the entire 10 TMC water for the city but the state government increased its share from 7 TMC to 9. The remaining 1 TMC will be used for irrigation. This will still leave a gap of 3 TMC which will have to be met by reducing leakages in the water distribution network.Addressing a press conference, Tatkare said a high-level meeting on Jamghat would be held in Bhopal on September 8 to discuss details. \"The two governments will clear the project within three months. Then, an agency would be appointed for preparing the detailed project report (DPR).\"On cost sharing, Tatkare said this would be clear only after the DPR is ready. \"As per norms a state has to share the cost in proportion of the benefit it gets from the project.\"\"Water from Jamghat will flow down to Jiwnikhapa on Maharashtra-MP border. A 60km long pipeline will be laid from Jiwnikhapa to Vena dam and then to Nagpur. 50 small reservoirs will have to be constructed for this water. The water will reach overhead tanks in the city and metro region by feeder main pipelines. Water distribution network will have to be strengthened for this extra water. The project will cost around Rs1,500 crore at present rates,\" a VIDC official explained later.He said it was difficult to give a completion date for Jamghat. \"There are number of hurdles one of them being acquisition of forest land. It needs environmental clearance from the Centre which takes a long time.\"'Govt should focus on Kochi barrage'Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) is constructing the gates of Kochi barrage on Kanhan river. The work was started two years ago. \"Although the capacity of the barrage is only 1.5 TMC, NMC can lift as much as it wants from it. The land acquisition on MP side is complete while it is going on in Maharashtra,\" a VIDC official said. He stressed that the state government should give importance to Kochi as Jamghat dam would take long time for completion.Jamghat dam will be constructed on Kanhan river in Chhindwara districtIt will supply 9 TMC water to the cityBy 2031, the city and metro region will need 20 TMCTotal supply from Jamghat and Pench will only be 17 TMCNMC will have to plug leakages in water distribution network for remaining 3 TMCThe cost of the project as per present rates is Rs1,500 croreAs the dam is in MP, a lot will depend on MP government's initiativeForest land will have to be acquired for which environmental clearance is neededFarmland will have to be acquired here to lay pipelines to bring water to Nagpur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722755", "title": "Bandra shop staffer held for assaulting thief", "text": "MUMBAI: An employee of a flower shop in Bandra (W) was arrested on Saturday for allegedly assaulting a thief who had tried to break into the establishment.The alleged thief, Rajesh Gupta, was booked following the incident on Friday. According to the police, Gupta allegedly tried to break into a florist's near Bandstand to steal an iron grill. Two of the shop's employees spotted him. Later, they allegedly tied Gupta to a pole after stripping him. Police constables patrolling in the area learnt about the incident and rushed to the spot. They took Gupta into custody and began questioning the staffers for not informing them and assaulting him.An accused, Pratap Roy (38), was arrested on charges of wrongful restraint and assault. He was released on cash bail of Rs 5,000 by a local court. The police are now looking for Roy's colleague.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15727012", "title": "Calicut University: Efforts on to shore up engineering education", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University has launched a series of initiatives to shore up the quality of education in engineering colleges affiliated to the varsity.The move follows the recent direction of the Kerala high court to the state government and the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) to consider closure of self-financing engineering colleges lacking performance in the state.The varsity held a workshop attended by principles and management representatives of the 36 engineering colleges to give shape to the project on Thursday.Vice chancellor M Abdul Salam said the high court directive had raised serious concerns among the general public on the standards of education in the engineering colleges, which prompted the varsity to come up with the project. \"An ambitious programme to roll out technology-enhanced learning at the engineering colleges has been prepared by the varsity. The objective of the project is to help students acquire expertise in engineering along with developing employability skills,\" he said.Students would be provided with course materials designed on par with the standards of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) and modern technologies would be put to use to improve the learning process in classrooms.The project would also see setting up of language lab and other advanced learning systems like digital interactive boards, clicker-based evaluation and networking of classrooms in institutions.The academic staff college would soon launch courses for engineering teachers to help them keep abreast of the latest developments in the field.Sahrdaya College of Engineering and Technology, Kodakara, Government Engineering College, Thrissur and Jyothi Engineering College won the awards for best-performing engineering colleges.Mangala Sunder Krishnan, coordinator of national programme on technology-enhanced learning delivered the keynote address at the workshop. Mukta Atrey of IIT Bombay, university pro vice chancellor K Raveendranath and registrar P P Mohammed spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15739750", "title": "Flood water inundates 35 villages in Pakistan", "text": "LAHORE: At least 35 villages of two districts in Pakistan's Punjab province have been inundated by flood waters following heavy rains, officials said on Sunday.The villages in Pasrur and Sialkot districts, 80 km from the provincial capital of Lahore , are under four feet of water.The floods damaged standing crops on hundreds of acres, the officials said.Some residents of the villages moved to safe places with their cattle and belongings.There were no reports of casualties so far, officials said.Traffic in Pasrur three main roads - the Sialkot-Pasrur road, Daska-Pasrur road and Pasrur-Zafarwal-Narowal road - was suspended on Saturday after they were covered by three to four feet of flood waters.There is an acute shortage of food and potable water for people and fodder for cattle in the flood-hit villages.The state-run Rescue 1122 service has launched relief activities and begun shifting people to safer places.The local Met Office has forecast more heavy rains in the Sialkot region and officials said this might worsen the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15716868", "title": "Water meet: Proposal raised on modular tanks", "text": "MARGAO: On the sidelines of the ongoing international conference 'Water Security on Sustainable Basis' organized by the International Water Works Association (IWWA) Goa chapter at Majorda, a proposal was submitted in favour of modular tanks against concrete tanks.Following IWWA raising the issue of unaccounted leakage of treated water and that once a leak starts in concrete tanks it is difficult to repair, industry players based in Goa submitted a proposal to the government of erecting a 8 lakh litre modular tank on the base of a cracked concrete tank at Porvorim. They said that the modular tank could be put up in eight weeks and had a life longer than a concrete tank and could be put up at a much lower cost.PWD officials at the conference said that the discussions were only at the initial stage and that the government was considering the proposal.\"This technology allows quick implementation against the current technology of concrete tanks and there are many such leaking or damaged tanks which cannot be repaired,\" said the group that submitted the proposal, while pointing out that this could address the issue of plugging such leakage of water. \"So we are offering a solution which is easy to install has more life than concrete tanks and cheaper,\" they added\"Water leeches lime in brickwork tanks and causes seepage and leaks, but the durable and weather resistant tanks (modular) are more long lasting and resistant to water contact and corrosion. Treated material ensures minimal bacterial buildup and makes it 100% potable,\" read the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15714183", "title": "Minister Amin Khan wants train to Pakistan withdrawn", "text": "JODHPUR: Having lost his ministerial berth for his preposterous comment on former President Pratibha Patil that she had washed the dishes in Indira Gandhi's kitchen and got the post for her loyalty to the Gandhi family, minister of state for Waqf and minority affairs Amin Khan has now said that the Thar Express, a gesture of friendship between India and Pakistan, be withdrawn.Rechristening the train as \"Propaganda Express\", Khan said that this train is just a formality and has not achieved the purpose. He was addressing a gathering in Barmer on Saturday sharing the dais with chief minister Ashok Gehlot , Union minister Mukul Wasnik, MP Harish Choudhary and MLAs ahead of the visit of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi.The statement of Khan evoked widespread resentment among the people but not any reaction from anyone present on the dais. The statement of the minister has come at a time when a proposal has been mooted for introducing a goods train between the two nations on the same route, along with a bus service.But Khan, while terming the train \"useless\" for the people in Indian side, said that there is no facility in the train for those willing to go to Pakistan. \"There are no easy issuance of visas and no suitable stoppages from Jodhpur to Munabao, which makes the train just a compulsion to run\", Khan said.This statement of Khan can be seen in the context of his personal grief, when he had boarded the train with his family from Munabao through a special permission from the Union home ministry in December last year and the news had hit the headlines. The ministry had bent the rules to facilitate him board the train from Munabao, who otherwise had to come to Jodhpur (Bhagat ki Kothi) to board the train.Introduced in February 2006, the Thar Express has become a favourite means of transport for those willing to ply between India and Pakistan and has been running smoothly since then. As far as the issue of permission to board the train from Munabao is concerned, local MP Harish Choudhary has raised the issue in the Lok Sabha a number of times.\"There is progress on the issue at the Central level and the state government has also forwarded a proposal to this effect,\" Choudhary said. In this context, Choudhary termed the disappointment with the train as justified but he added that this does not mean that he wanted the train to be withdrawn.Earlier, though Amin Khan had to resign after his comments on Pratibha Patil, Gehlot took him back during an expansion of his cabinet later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15757553", "title": "Hotels and restaurants in Pimpri Chinchwad city to increase rates of food items", "text": "PUNE: Hotels and restaurants owners in Pimpri Chinchwad city will be increasing the rates of food items by around 20 % from September 1 onwards.Vitthal Shetty, president, Pimpri Chinchwad Hotel and Restaurant Association said that the decision to increase the rates of food items sold at the hotels and restaurants was taken at a meeting held recently. \"\"The rates of ingredients of food items like pulses, spices, vegetables and meat have increased in the past few months. Normally the rates are increased at the beginning of the year. Moreover the salaries of the employees at the hotels have to be increased as we do not get people who are readThe hoteliers also discussed the issue about alleged harassment by the police. The police are asking some hotels to close down by 11 pm when the permitted closing timing is 12 midnight. A delegation of officebearers of the associatiHe added, \"\"The state government has taken away the food licence department of the municipal corporations and attached them to the state government. The office of the food licence department is in Pune. The hotel and restaurant owners have to go to thePun\"\"There are around 120 members of the association. We give membership to only the people who have valid licences of the police and food and drug administration(FDA) department. There are more than 1200 hotels and restaurants in the city\"\", Shetty said.eom/siddharth gaikwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15719983", "title": "Onam fair with focus on eco tourism", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Deputy speaker N Sakthan inaugurated the tourism department's Onam trade fair and exhibition started in the city on Saturday.This time the department, through the fair, will give more emphasis on spreading the message of eco tourism and its importance in the state.Ramani P Nair, district panchayat president and chairperson of the exhibition, said four stalls will be set up this year at the Kanakakunnu Suryakanthi fare ground focusing on eco tourism alone and the idea is to make people aware about green tourism.As many as 160 stalls showcasing handicrafts, home appliances, furniture, books, fancy items, clothes will be set up and women's self help groups like Kudumbasree and Janasree will participate in the 10-day event.The fare, which will conclude on September 3, will be open for public from 10am to 10pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722283", "title": "Fare hike panel seeks stringent action on meter tampering, fake tariff cards", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuter rights have been protected by the Hakim committee report, which has proposed a fare hike of Rs 3 for autos and taxis in the Mumbai metropolitan region. TOI has learnt that the report, besides recommending the hike, has strongly pressed the need for stringent action on errant drivers, including suspension/cancellation of permits for serious offenders in meter tampering and bogus tariff card cases.It also suggested that the concerned RTOs put details of such action on their website, indicating the name of the taxi/auto operator, the vehicle and permit number. \"This will not only help the public know that the department is taking deterrent action, but also enable them to report to the RTO if such a vehicle is still being operated illegally,\" it stated.In the 155-page report, former union secretary PMA Hakim observed: \"From the point of view of fairness to passengers and the society in general, instances of meter tampering and use of bogus tariff cards have to be very sternly dealt with. In fact, taxi/auto unions have to take a leading role in the campaign to root out such serious malpractices. If the RTO takes stringent action and gives wide publicity to the same, it will go a long way in enhancing the confidence of the general public.\"Hakim said it was the passenger's right to know the details of the driver plying the vehicle. \"Every driver should display on each taxi/auto a card showing the permit number as well as his name and photograph. The tariff cards should also be displayed prominently for commuters. Failure to comply with these should be regarded as a violation of the permit conditions and appropriate action should be taken,\" he mentioned in the report.The proposed fare hikes (Rs 15 basic for autos and Rs 20 for taxis) come with a new proposed minimum fare distance in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. It has been fixed at 1.5 km instead of 1.6 km. This could mean saving a rupee (value for a 0.1 distance) on basic fare. \"Every rupee counts. Several passengers who travel less than 1 km and end up paying for 1.6 km, will save a rupee on every journey,'' said consumer activist Sunil Mone.Hakim has also considered the demand made by Mumbai Grahak Panchayat to consider every subsequent fare in fraction of 100 metres. His report states: \"The electronic meters should display a minimum distance of 100 meters; in other words, the fall of the meter should take place for every 100m.\" Shirish Deshpande of MGP, said, \"Under the Consumer Act, the commuter should be allowed to pay for the fraction of distance travelled. I am glad the Hakim report has considered our suggestion for 100 m.\" At present, a commuter pays for every subsequent 200 metres, but the proposed reduction in subsequent fares will again help them save money.Another problem expressed by commuters was the frequent fare revisions by MMRTA. \"Each time there is a strike threat, the government hikes fares,'' said K Nathan, a commuter. To tackle this problem, Hakim suggested: \" As far as the date on which such revisions are to be effected, it should be preferably on the first of May (since the impact of different taxes and levies imposed by the central and state budgets will be known by then).\" So if a fare hike is given now, from next year onwards, it could be expected only in May.Hakim has also stressed the need for more share taxis and autos in the suburbs, setting up of at least 1,500 taxi and auto stands for passengers so that they can be assured of a cab/auto in the locality, increase in the number of shuttle routes based on passenger demand, and encouraging more prepaid taxis in the city to ensure that passengers are not fleeced.While working out the formula for fare hikes, he has taken into account the bare minimum necessities and not all demands of unions such as social costs and traffic fines, sources said. The report has for the first time fixed the cost of living as high as Rs 10,880 per driver per month. It took into account insurance , taxes, fuel costs, repairs and maintenance and interest/depreciation on capital costs to arrive at a Rs 3-hike.The transport commissioner will seek public opinion on the report before sending it for implementation to the government. If accepted, taxi fares could increase from Rs 17 to Rs 20 and auto fares may go up from Rs 12 to Rs 15. You can also expect the Cool Cab (25% more than ordinary taxi fare) and fleet taxi fares (at least Rs 2-4 higher) to be hiked in the next few weeks. Night trips will cost an additional 30%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15747343", "title": "BIT Green Students Council launched", "text": "MANGALORE: The Green College, Bearys Institute of Technology now has a Green council. The IGBC ( Indian Green Building Council), Student Chapter was launched by Chandrashekar Hariharan, Vice Chairman, IGBC - Bangalore Chapter and Chairperson, Biodiversity Conservation India, which is first of its kind in an Engineering college in this region, on Saturday.The vision of the council is to usher a green building movement in India and facilitate India to become one of the global leaders in green buildings. A green building is one which uses less energy, water and natural resources, creates less waste and is healthier for the people living inside compared to a standard building.Syed Mohammed Beary, Chairman,IGBC - Bangalore Chapter and also the Chairman of BIT, said: A great amount of thought, planning and design has gone into the making of BIT's campus. The campus adheres to norms and guidelines of Green Building Architecture.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15757799", "title": "Union minister in Rajpura", "text": "PATIALA: Thousands of people from different walks of life and Political affiliations converged at the Antim Ardas of Ram Ditta Ram father of Gyan Parcharak of Nirankari mission Hakam Chand at Rajpura Town (Patiala) this afternoon.Member Parliament from Patiala and union external affairs minister Preneet Kaur , MLA Rajpura Hardyal Kamboj, Ex MLA from Rajpura Raj Khurana besides leaders of various political, social and religious organizations participated in the Bhog ceremony and paid their homage to the departed soul.Paying rich tributes to Ram Ditta Ram, Union Minister of State for External Affairs described him as a pious man committed to the values of life and unique synthesis of religious thoughts, panthic traditions and social service. She said that he rendered outstanding services redeeming the mankind through various social activities especially in the field of Gyan Parchar of Nirankari Mission. His devotion and dedication to the mission was unparalleled and set an example of deep and abiding faith in the societyIn a message to Ram Ditta Ram, the Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal also shared his heart felt sympathies with the bereaved family and said that Ram Ditta Ram's contribution in the religious and social life would always be remembered with great respect as he was a multi-faceted personality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15734470", "title": "\"We will gherao again. We want to give message to Congress and BJP\"", "text": "NEW DELHI: Erstwhile Team Anna members Arvind Kejriwal and five others today surfaced in front of the residences of the Prime Minister and Congress and BJP party Presidents for a protest on the coal block allocation issue but were detained.All the six - Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia, Gopal Rai, Kumar Vishas, Sanjay Singh and another person - were later released from custody after being detained for about an hour at the Mandir Marg police station where their supporters staged a protest and prevented police from taking them to Bawana.Kejriwal and Gopal were picked up from outside Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's residence while Sisodia and Vishwas were detained from outside 10 Janpath, the residence of the Congress chief Sonia Gandhi . Sanjay Singh and another person were detained from outside BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's residence.The activists had announced the gherao of the residences of these three leaders alleging that Congress and BJP were hand-in-glove in corruption and involved in the allocation of coal blocks.Delhi police had warned against staging a 'gherao' at these places citing violation of prohibitory orders.Though the activists had announced that they will gather at Jantar Mantar and march towards the residences of the leaders, Kejriwal and his aides took others by surprise and came to the protest venues where they were detained.\"What wrong are we doing? We are just sitting quietly on the footpath. At least we should be told why we are being detained,\" Kejriwal said. A spokesperson for the protesters said they did not violate prohibitory orders as only two persons had gathered at the spot.\"When Raj Thackeray takes thousands of his supporters without permission for a protest, police provide protection. What kind of politics is this?\" he said.Kejriwal said, \"we will gherao again. We want to give message to Congress and BJP\".Meanwhile, six metro stations in central Delhi, which were earlier announced to be closed due to security concerns over the protest, will now remain open throughout the day.A DMRC spokesman said the stations will remain open throughout the day after Delhi police revised their advisory.Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Patel Chowk, Race Course, Jor Bagh and Khan Market stations falling near and around the residences of Singh and Gadkari were to remain closed from 8 am to 6 PM today.Delhi Metro had taken the decision to close down the stations, five of which fall on the Gurgaon Line, after instructions from Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15740130", "title": "Nagarjuna at jewellery store launch", "text": "Hyderabad Times shutterbug captured actor Nagarjuna at a jewellery store recently. While the actor went about his professional commitment with ease, the scenes outside the store spoke volumes of his star power.The police had to use force to keep bystanders and fans under control as they gathered to get a dekko of the star. Nag then came out and waved to the gathered crowd who greeted him with loud cheers. Talk about star power!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15715063", "title": "\u2018Closing Metro stations illogical\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Miffed by police's decision to close six Metro stations in the wake of a protest call given by Arvind Kejriwal, passengers who travel on the route feel the move is uncalled for. Commuters say the decision amounts to the harassment of thousands of people who may not participate in the protest. The stations that will remain out of bounds from 8am to 6pm on Sunday are Central Secretariat, Udyog Bhawan, Patel Chowk, Race Course, Jor Bagh and Khan Market. However, interchange of passengers will be allowed at Central Secretariat Station, said Delhi Metro officials.\"We had plans to go to India Gate on Sunday evening. But with both Central Secretariat and Patel Chowk Metro stations closed, we cannot take the train. We have to travel either by auto or bus,\" said Rajesh Saxena, a marketing executive. Many feel that shutting Metro stations in order to stop a few protesters from reaching the PM's residence is illogical. \"Those who want to be present at the protest can walk or reach Race Course Road by bus. Police should strengthen security arrangements in and around the area rather than halting public transport services,\" said Sunny Walia.However, there are a few who feel that shutting Metro stations can help prevent incidents of vandalism. \"Also, it is important to avoid unnecessary panic among thousands travelling on the the route, in case the protesters crowd the station areas,\" said Sunita Sharma, a housewife.Delhi Police maintained that it was taking preventive measures to keep the law and order situation under control. \"We are expecting some movement through those stations and hence decided to take preventive action. The same practice is followed on Independence Day and Republic Day,\" said a Delhi Police official. \"These restrictions will be in place for only a few hours,\" reasoned another official. Middle and lower rung officers, however, did not agree with the arrangement. \"The signal being sent out is that cops are too worried. The exercise could have begun later, depending on the response of the crowd,\" said an official.Meanwhile, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal remarked, \"Are Metro stations closed during BJP and Congress rallies also? Does it mean politicians are not a threat but the people of this country are a threat to the country?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716611", "title": "Parking fee for two-wheelers may set parties on collision course", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration's proposal to introduce a pay-and-park scheme for two-wheelers across the city has stirred a hornet's nest with political parties, except the ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), opposing the move.The standing committee will discuss the proposal on Tuesday and a final decision will be taken by the general body before implementation.The idea was mooted following deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's recent directives. He had told municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak and elected representatives recently that the pay-and-park system for two-wheelers should be reintroduced in the city to ease traffic congestions.\"Unless parking charges for two-wheelers are hefty, there would be no improvement in traffic conditions,\" Pawar had said, adding that the general body should approve a proposal and decide the charges.The proposal states that, \"The tendency to park vehicles on roads in on the rise in the city because of insufficient parking space. This results in frequent traffic congestions, small accidents and slows traffic movements. As the central city areas are developed as per the earlier development control rules, the existing parking facility is falling short. To curb parking on roads and facilitate smooth traffic, a pay-and park system for two and four-wheelers is a must.\"First mooted in 2010, the scheme was quickly withdrawn by the civic administration after it buckled under pressure from activists and citizens. The plan was retained for four-wheelers on four city roads. The PMC had launched the scheme on major roads stating that it was necessary to inculcate better traffic sense among the people.Private contractors were roped in to collect parking fees. The scheme came under scrutiny with corporators accusing them of 'extorting' money from citizens. Civic groups then alleged that the contractors appointed goons as attendants and they often over-charged and behaved badly with vehicle owners.Civic groups pointed out that women were at the receiving end. At many parking lots, excess fee was charged without receipts and when issued they did not bear the civic body's stamp.\"Pay-and-park is a must for the city as it will address traffic congestion. We have not discussed the matter at the party's meeting, but the Nationalist Congress Party supports the scheme. We need to take steps to curb use of personal vehicles and this one is much needed,\" said NCP spokesman Ankush Kakade told TOI.However, the NCP's ruling partner the Congress is opposed to the idea. \"The Congress will support more pay-and-park schemes for four-wheelers, but ask the administration to delete parking charges for two wheelers,\" said Congress city unit chief and corporator Abhay Chhajed.\"The civic body has failed to provide efficient and sufficient public transport. The PMPML buses are pathetic and inadequate to cater to the demand. Citizens would like to travel by public transport, but the PMC is not providing it. Hence, it cannot charge parking fee from two wheelers as citizens use this mode of transport because of the absence of an efficient public transport. The BJP will oppose the pay-and-park for two wheelers,\" said BJP city unit president and corporator Vikas Mathkari.Leader of the opposition in the PMC and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena corporator Vasant More said, \" We will strongly oppose pay-and-park for two wheelers \".Times ViewExperts are undivided in their opinion that organised parking zones on roads streamline traffic and lead to increased use of public transport. The Supreme Court appointed Bhure Lal committee, after a detailed study of traffic congestion in Pune, had recommended a pay-and-park scheme for all vehicles on public roads. Since 1997, the Pune Cantonment Board has implemented this plan on Mahatma Gandhi Road and the parallel East Street. The Pune police have said the move has improved security and brought down vehicle thefts.Must for cities, say expertsNew Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) in its policy document 'Parking policy in India: Getting the principles right' states that Indian cities have the lowest parking fees in the world, which needs to change if parking strategy is expected to reduce travel demand and car usage.\"Priced parking can help reduce the demand for parking and car usage. Global experience shows that appropriately priced parking can reduce automobile commuting by 10-30 per cent especially if linked with transportation choices. In Shenzhen, China for instance, hike in parking fees during peak hours leads to 30% drop in the parking demand,\" the CSE report says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713964", "title": "Opposition, media created hype over the rain: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Though Jaipur has been unable to return to normalcy even three days after the torrential rainfall of the intervening night of Tuesday-Wednesday, chief minister Ashok Gehlot believes the opposition and the media have blown up the scenario.The chief minister said on Saturday that the situation in the city was simply one of difficulty arising out of sudden heavy rainfall inundating the low-lying slums and residential areas. Gehlot claimed that relief works in the rain-hit areas were promptly initiated and that adequate monetary and material assistance was arranged for the victims.\"There was just heavy rainfall, but throughout the country the media broadcast the news as if half the Jaipur was submerged in rainwater and that Rajasthan was in floods,\" chief minister Gehlot said on Saturday.The chief minister's statement was apparently in contrast to the Governor's perception of the current scenario wherein at least seven districts were hit by excessive rainfall within a short span of past three days. Governor Margret Alva visited the affected areas in Jaipur and Kota on two consecutive days.The opposition BJP lost no time in hitting out against the chief minister for his statement. \"His (Gehlot's) remark only adds salt to the injury of those affected by the heavy down-pour, which created a flood-like situation in Jaipur and other districts,\" BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi said at a hurriedly called press conference in the evening.Going a step further, opposition chief whip Rajendra Rathore said, \"These Congress leaders raked up a storm over the Mehrangarh stampede of Jodhpur when the then chief minister Vasundhara Raje reached the spot a couple of days after the tragedy. But who will now explain the absence of Congress leaders from the rain-hit areas,\" asked Rathore. He accused the state government of delaying in forming the state disaster management board.Chief minister Gehlot, on the other hand, said that the BJP leaders had no moral right to accuse the state government of failing to deal with the excess rainfall conditions since the leader of opposition Raje was least bothered about the residents' wellbeing. \"She is in London for the past two months and is just issuing statements from there. People sometimes get confused if she were in London or Delhi or Dehradun ,\" Gehlot said.The chief minister reasoned that he as well as the chief secretary was monitoring the disaster and relief management programmes in the affected districts on daily basis. \"The Governor, the local-self-government minister (Shanti Dhariwal), education minister Brij Kishore Sharma, parliamentarians and the mayor are visiting the rain affected areas. The entire government machinery is in action,\" chief minister said.Gehlot was replying to reporters' queries at the city's Central Park where he, along with union minister Mukul Wasnik, planted trees for the woodland development plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15692314", "title": "Review: Nikon D3200 DSLR camera", "text": "NEW DELHI: The D3200 is Nikon's second entry-level DSLR and includes significant upgrades over its predecessor, the D3100. Upgrades include a 24MP CMOS sensor which gives you a whole lot more freedom with cropping images, an EXPEED 3 image processor, a higher resolution screen with improved viewing angles, 4fps continuous shooting speed and improved full HD video recording at 30fps. All of this has been done without increasing the weight (505 grams) or the size of the camera body.The camera body is available in either red or the standard black \u2014 general opinion was that the red finish is not as durable and looks cheap. In black, the build quality of the camera is impressive and it provides good grip. The buttons are well placed and easy to access, however Nikon has still not provided a dedicated ISO button which is a letdown for power users.The D3200 offers a dedicated video recording button and also comes with a front and rear wireless infrared ports, making it easy to use an infrared trigger from anywhere. The user interface is similar to most Nikon DSLRs and has a fast learning curve. Like the D3100 , this too comes with a 'guide mode' that makes it easy for new users to learn about various controls and modes on the camera.Thanks to the EXPEED 3 processor, the camera does not feel slow even when shooting at full 24MP resolution and saving images in RAW &amp; Jpeg format. We got excellent results \u2014 good colour rendition and reasonably sharp images from the included 18-55mm kit lens.Even low light performance is impressive thanks to excellent noise reduction done. Full HD video recording is top-notch with no frame drops, but the audio recording is in mono only. For anyone considering stepping into DSLR territory, the D3200 is a great choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15714141", "title": "Graft in school health programme: Anil Hamdapure", "text": "YAVATMAL: District president of the students' wing of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, Anil Hamdapure, on Friday lodged a complaint with district collector Ashwin Mugdal alleging rampant corruption in the School Health Programme under the NRHM being implemented in the district. He urged the collector to order a probe to punish the guilty.Hamdapure said the programme has been introduced for regular medical checkup of students in schools and anganwadis. The scheme envisages providing medicines to students diagnosed with serious ailments during the checkup. \"However, the medicines being provided have either passed expiry date or fail to meet the desired result,\" said Hamdapure.Hamdapure alleged that medical examinations are not carried out regularly and the huge sum allotted for the scheme is being siphoned off by the officials of the department concerned. \"The checkup at anganwadis is only on papers and the patients are not given medicines at many places,\" he said.Hamdapure urged the collector to provide more manpower and machinery to make the scheme result oriented. He also threatened to launch agitation if action is not taken in this regard soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710493", "title": "Ramky could lose garbage contract", "text": "BANGALORE: The state is mulling terminating the solid waste management contract given to Ramky.After holding a meeting with the BBMP mayor and officials on Saturday, chief minister Jagadish Shettar said if the company fails to abide by the agreement, the government and BBMP would terminate the contract given to the company.Shettar maintained that the garbage dumped at Mavallipura was more than its capacity, and this led to the protest by locals. \"I've directed the BBMP and revenue department to identify landfills,\" he said.The chief minister said the solid waste management contract priority would be given to companies which produce power from garbage. \"Many companies have come forward to cogenerate powers. Tenders for the same will be floated very soon,\" Shettar said.MLAs representing the city, particularly the ruling BJP, were unhappy over the chief minister as they were not invited for the meeting. Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy and BBMP commissioner MK Shankarlinge Gowda were present.Gowda said more than 700 trucks were being used to clear garbage and 1,400 truckloads were disposed of on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15724473", "title": "Shapoorji reiterates mega biz plan in state", "text": "KOLKATA: In a major boost to the Mamata Banerjee government's effort to attract investments in the state, infrastructure major Shapoorji Pallonji group on Saturday sent a letter to state finance minister Amit Mitra, expressing their keenness to invest in several sectors.Mitra said the company has sent an expression of interest to undertake infrastructure projects in West Bengal.Earlier this month, SP group managing director Shapoor Mistry had met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the state secretariat and expressed eagerness to engage in infrastructure development projects in the state. Among the areas he had mentioned was deep-sea port, hydro electricity, roads and IT parks.In the letter, Shapoorji Pallonji has reiterated the interest in setting up hydro-thermal as well as gas-based power plants, and a deep-sea port. In the latter, it is keen to set up different terminals for handling commodities, containers and minerals.\"They have stated in the letter that West Bengal is the gateway to South and South East Asia,\" the finance minister said.The group is also keen on investing in roads, highways and expressways, hospitals, recreational complexes, real estate - housing and commercial - and water treatment purification and recycling plants. The group is keen on build-operate-transfer mode.Mitra also said the group was interested to invest in aerospace and defence. However, both sectors are under the Centre's jurisdiction, the finance minister pointed out. He though added that the CM wanted the company to set up six airports in the state and the group was willing to do so.The letter also mentioned interest in employment generation and stated that potential of employment generation is very high in areas they are keen on investing in.Shapoorji Pallonji already has a significant presence in Bengal. The group has invested over Rs 1,000 crore in the state and is engaged in several turnkey projects. The group is setting up a mass housing project in Rajarhat and plans to build an IT park on a 50-acre plot that it possesses in the area. The group, with over 20,000 employees, is a dynamic enterprise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15727510", "title": "Season's heaviest rain hits Bathinda hard", "text": "BATHINDA: It rained cats and dogs in Bathinda on Saturday. The heaviest downpour of the season brought cheers for the farmers but misery for residents. People had to wade through floodwater that inundated most areas, exposing the faulty sewerage system. Chief agricultural officer R S Brar said: \"This has been the first good rain this monsoon and would benefit crops. Cotton shall grow well too.\" Brar said: \"Around 1.5 lakh hectares are covered with cotton crop in Bathinda and around 1 lakh hectares has paddy and basmati sown on it.\"Officials at the municipal corporation, however, claimed to have spent crores on maintenance of the drainage system though water in the Sirki Baazar area was almost three to four foot-high. Temperature has come down from 35.6 degrees celsius to the 29 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15712698", "title": "Bid to open Prakasam barrage gates foiled", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Amidst heightened tension and restrictions by police, the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) staged a massive dharna at the foot of Prakasam barrage on Saturday demanding immediate release of water to Krishna delta. Preventive measures taken by the police for the safety of the barrage led to tension as the farmers and TDP activists made repeated attempts to cross the barrage.Tension escalated in the evening when the TDP activists made a vain bid to open the crest gates of the barrage at the end of the agitation. Police, however, prevented them from breaking open the gates and arrested the TDP legislators. Among those who were arrested were Devineni Umamaheswara Rao, Karanam Balaram, Prattipati Pullarao, Alapati Rajendraprasad, Y V B Rajendraprasad, V Vamsi, Gadde Rammohan and Maganti Babu.Devineni Uma and Varla Ramaiah took objection to the restrictions and demanded that the police allow the farmers from Guntur and Prakasam districts to cross the barrage to participate in the dharna. Most of the farmers from far-flung areas arrived in vehicles and reached the venue breaching the police barricades.Senior TDP leaders K Yerrannaidu, Kodela Sivaprasada Rao and D Narendrakumar reached the dharna venue along with hundreds of party cadres and farmers and demanded removal of traffic restrictions on the barrage. The situation turned volatile after the farmers started crossing the barrage.Speaking at the dharna camp, Yerrannaidu lashed out at the Congress government for failing to ensure water supply to the delta. He alleged that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy was busy protecting his chair with frequent visits to Delhi and completely ignoring the interests of the delta farmers. Kodela said the government was unmoved despite the hapless farmers resorting to suicides in the delta region.\"While Kiran Kumar is spending all his time testing his skills in cricket, Botsa Satyanarayana is busy grabbing shares in liquor business. Agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana doesn't know what is happening to farmers,\" he lashed out.TDP leader Konakalla Narayana said that flood flow would recede in two days and demanded that water be released from Nagarjunasagar. He recalled that TDP government had released water even when the level at Sagar was just 510 ft to protect the crops in the delta.Curiously, the irrigation authorities let out nearly 800 cusecs of water from Prakasam barrage into the delta canals even before the TDP leaders reached the 'Maha dharna' site. Taking the flood waters into account, the irrigation engineers released 500 cusecs into eastern channel and 300 cusecs into western channel. The Krishna delta is facing acute shortage of water for both drinking and irrigation purposes due to deficit monsoon this year.The AP high court in its June 16 order stayed release of water from Nagarjunsagar dam to the four districts in case the water level is below 510 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720529", "title": "Class 12 student claims engineering college refused to return certificates", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 12 student has approached the city police seeking action against the Apollo Priyadarshanam Institute of Technology in Oragadam near Kancheepuram saying it took his school certificates and refused to return them.\"The college administration demanded 1.20 lakh as donation for a mechanical engineering seat. We offered to pay 60,000, but they refused,\" the student's uncle P Balaji told TOI.Akilan of Mogappair, who appeared for single window counselling for engineering admissions at Anna University on August 13, selected the college in Oragadam and opted for mechanical engineering.\"After we received several calls, we went to the college's office in T Nagar. The staff there asked us to show the documents along with the admission letter from Anna University. They took Akilan's certificates and said asked us to collect them after a week. When we went to collect the certificates, they abused us instead of returning the certificates,\" Balaji said.\"Later, we approached police. They asked us to check with Anna University officials. I met the officials who said they hadn't received any certificates from the college,\" he added.When contacted, a staff member of the college said, \"We asked the student and his relative to come on Monday to get the certificates back. But they left without saying anything.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15725872", "title": "Woman, 3-year-old daughter killed for 'honour'", "text": "PATNA: A married woman Sanjana Raj (25) and her three-year-old daughter Gungun Kumari were murdered allegedly by her family members in Gulab Bagh locality under Barh police station in Patna district late on Friday night. It seems a case of honour killing as the family members threw both the bodies into river Ganga, said SDPO, Barh, Rajkishore Singh on Saturday.The SDPO said Sanjana had married one Dilip Kumar , a resident of Gulab Bagh, in 2008. Dilip owns a tailoring shop. It was an inter-caste marriage and it seems that the girl's family members were not happy with the marriage. He said about four days ago, Sanjana's family members reached Dilip's house, saying they were not opposed to the marriage and wanted to do her vidai (send-off) properly. Dilip allowed his wife and daughter to go with their family members.On Friday night, Dilip made a call on Sanjana's cellphone and found it switched off. He said when Dilip reached his in-law's house, the neighbours informed him that his wife and daughter had been murdered and their bodies had been thrown into river Ganga.The SDPO said Dilip immediately informed the Barh police station and lodged a complaint against his father-in-law Nawal Kishore Yadav, an advocate, mother-in-law Shivkumari Devi, two brothers-in-law, Munna Yadav and Vikas Yadav, and Sanjana's uncle Vijay Yadav. He said the local police had arrested the driver of the pickup van in which both the bodies had been carried.The SDPO said Sanjana's family members were absconding after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15718712", "title": "Finally, Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to get its own centralized office", "text": "GURGAON: The problems experienced by residents as well as councillors in the absence of a centralized municipal corporation office could be resolved in the near future, with the mayor and other senior MCG officials finally deciding on a site for the new MCG office.The authorities had multiple locations to choose from. While a section of the councillors and officials wanted the new office to be across the highway in the new city, others preferred to have it somewhere in the old city. Finally the mayor and his team seem to have had their way and a 4.5-acre vacant land near the bus terminal in the old city has been earmarked for the MCG office that will also have a commodious meeting hall for the councillors.Currently, in the absence of a permanent office, the MCG operates from various places and the councillors are forced to meet at rented and ill-equipped places for the House meetings.With the first hurdle crossed, the construction is likely to begin soon. According to the senior deputy mayor, Yashpal Batra, the mayor and his team will be travelling to Chandigarh this week to find out when the chief minister is free and request him to lay the foundation stone of the office complex in the old city.\"We will be going to Chandigarh this week to meet the chief minister and invite him to lay the foundation stone so that the construction can commence. The project has already been delayed substantially and we don't want it to get delayed any further,\" said Batra.He added, \"During the visit, we will also request him to clear the detailed project report (DPR) that we have prepared so that the amount of around Rs 100 crore that we have set aside as expenditure on this office complex can be passed soon. It has been quite some time since the House passed the resolution and sent it to the state government for approval. However, we haven't received any reply from them yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15714871", "title": "Cross country championship held at Air Force station", "text": "NASHIK: To promote cross-country as a sport in the Indian Air Force (IAF) and to select the cross country team to participate in the forthcoming inter-services championship 2012-13, the Air Force Cross Country Championship was organized at the Air Force Station, Devlali South, under the aegis of the Air Force Sports Control Board on Wednesday.Eight teams comprising six players each participated in the championship. A marchpast preceded the event. Air Officer Commanding Air Commodore J B Inamdar declared the event open. Arjuna award-winner athlete from Nashik, Kavita Raut, and her coach Vijender Singh were also present.In the team category, the Training Command clinched the first position followed by South Western Air Command and the Air Headquarters respectively. In the individual category, Leading Aircraftman R S Bind representing the Central Air Command stood first by clocking 42.26 minutes, followed by Sgt G C Tiwari from Eastern Air Command (in the second position by clocking 42.46 minutes) and Sgt G L Mali of Air Headquarters (in the third position with 42.53 minutes).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15722015", "title": "Ganga, Yamuna show rising trend", "text": "The water-level of Ganga and Yamuna on Saturday showed a rising trend in Phaphamau, Chatnag and Naini areas. The water-level of Ganga in Phaphamau and Chatnag was recorded 80 and 79 metres respectively at 3 pm while that of the Yamuna at Naini was 79.8 metrse. The water-level of the Ganga at Phaphamau and Chatnag recorded 28 and 26 cm rise respectively. Similarly, the level of Yamuna rose up to 18 cm in Naini .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15717759", "title": "Gujarat gears up for national entrance tests", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is time for students who have spent the last few years dreaming about becoming doctors and engineers to develop the competitive edge. The Gujarat government has decided to join the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE), the common entrance test for admission to all engineering colleges in India, from next year.On Friday, it decided to become part of the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for admission in medical and dental colleges in the country from 2013.This also means standard XII students will not have to appear for multiple entrance exams from next year. So far, students had to appear in the Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET), All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE), IIT Joint Entrance Exam (IIT-JEE), All India Pre Medical Test (PMT) and others.Of the 75,000 students who appeared in 'A' group standard XII (science) exams last year, 60,000 appeared for both AIEEE and IITJEE.\"JEE will also be offered in Gujarati, besides English and Hindi. Common national tests are in the best interest of local students as they hone their competitive skills and give them greater opportunity to secure admission in colleges across India,\" said Hasmukh Adhia, principal secretary (education).Separate national and state merit lists will be prepared for NEET and JEE. Eighty-five per cent seats will be reserved for local students in state colleges, and the rest from the all-India quota. For medical colleges, Gujarat has also secured an assurance that the NEET merit will be lowered for local students if the seats remain vacant in the state quota. Officials said GUJCET will, in all probability, be scrapped.A total of 10,678 seats in engineering and pharmacy colleges have remained vacant after admissions for students who cleared supplementary exams got completed on Saturday.In all there were 3,137 seats vacant of which 3,108 seats were filled by students who had failed in the first attempt but later cleared the papers in supplementary exams.Officials said of the 10,678 seats, 3,225 remain vacant in pharmacy colleges while 7,453 are vacant in engineering colleges.Officials said that the issue of vacant seats will be referred to the director of technical education to advise whether the seats should be given to colleges or reshuffling be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15731592", "title": "\u2018Private players will not decide water tariffs\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government, while favouring the roll out of 24X7 water supply scheme in all wards of Hubli-Dharwad, Belgaum and Gulbarga city corporations, has categorically asserted that drinking water is not a product to be sold. All city corporations, including Mangalore where it will be implemented next, will have the sole right to fix tariff and pricing will not be left to the discretion of private players.Allaying fears of privatization, Minister for urban development S Suresh Kumar, in an interaction with corporators, said: \"The government is categorically opposed to privatization of water supply. The government will fund the scheme with the assistance of financial institutions and private players will merely maintain and manage the system.\"Taking note of delay from his department and directorate of municipal administration in according official sanction to three-package solid waste management project of Mangalore City Corporation, Suresh Kumar said he would get the issues sorted out and ensure it is implemented latest by next month. \"I have convened a meeting of officials concerned including urban development and finance departments' secretaries and the MCC commissioner in Bangalore on August 28,\" he said.Explaining reasons for the delay, he said the third of the three packages, that is, the one pertaining to maintenance of compost plant and landfill site had been approved. But, successful bidders for the other two packages had quoted a higher premium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15718496", "title": "68-year-old walks around in Varanasi encouraging people for eye donation", "text": "VARANASI: Ram Varan Yadav, 68, walks day and night around the city encouraging people to come forward for eye donation. Another unusual thing about Yadav is that he was blind till the age of 15 and regained his eyesight when an eye transplant was performed upon him by late Dr AP Sah at Ram Krishna Mission Home of Service in 1962.Having realised the importance of eye donation, Yadav is now working as an active volunteer with Varanasi Eye Bank Society and spreading awareness about healthy eyes, eye donation and related myths. \"I write encouraging poems and try to educate people about eye donation. I often stroll on the ghats and tell people to come forward for the cause,\" shared Yadav.According to Yadav, after regaining his eyesight, he felt being a part of the mainstream. He got access to education followed by a good personal and professional life. \"A single person can provide vision to four blind people. It is a noble cause. I have realised its importance for it has changed my life,\" he added. However, according to Yadav, eye donation is still faith-ridden. \"People still believe that eye donation will lead to deformity in their next birth. People abide by different faith from different religion,\" he added.When TOI tried to take an account of eye donation statistics on the occasion of 27th National Eye Donation Fortnight observed countrywide under National Programme For Control of Blindless, several facts surfaced. Varanasi Eye Bank Society and Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) are the two registered eye banks in the district.According to a report by director general, medical and health services, UP, total eye collection by IMS, BHU was 43 out of which 26 were utilised for keratoplasty, while with 188 cornea collection, Varanasi Eye Bank Society collected the highest number of cornea in the state in 2011-2012. 186 cornea were utilised for keratoplasty (cornea transplant). According to secretary, Varanasi Eye Bank Society, Dr SK Sah, at an average around four to five cornea are collected in the city per month.The report also says that there are 1185 eyes pledged for donation. Number of people in the waitlist for cornea transplant is over 4500 while there are no eyes pledged for donation in IMS, BHU. \"Since the number of donations are quite less, it takes three to six months for the waitlist to clear,\" informed Sah.\"Although the number of registered donors is low, an increase in number of donors is being witnessed as the awareness is increasing. Most of the people who register themselves for eye donation are youngsters and socially active people,\" he informed.According to additional chief medical officer (CMO), Varanasi, Dr LC Yadav, \"to mark the eye donation fortnight, several awareness programmes will be held in the district. Awareness rallies, training programme for doctors and eye care camps will be organised on the occasion.\"In India, on an average 62,389 people die every day and 86,853 people are born, while 15 lakh people suffer from corneal blindness. If each person pledges for cornea donation, then according to the average death in the country, all the cornea blind people could regain eyesight in 24 days time.Deficiency of Vitamin A and certain diseases like diarrhoea can also lead to corneal blindness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726446", "title": "Sushil Kumar Modi pushes for more bank branches in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: A big financial revolution is shaping up in the countryside and the day is not far off when each family in the villages will have at least one bank account. This is something that was unimaginable a few years back, said deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi while addressing a workshop on \"Banking on Inclusion in Bihar' here on Saturday. He expressed confidence about the rapid expansion of banking services in far-flung areas of the state in the coming years.In his address to bankers, various stakeholders as well as intelligentsia and bureaucrats, Modi said, \"The opening of bank account creates a sense of pride and financial empowerment.\" About two crore bank accounts would be needed to achieve the target of financial inclusion. This is a big but achievable task, Modi said.He said people now wanted more bank branches at their doorsteps. However, only 4,882 branches had so far been opened in the state, of which only 2,750 were rural branches even as the rural population accounted for 89% of the population. By next year, the state would have 14,000 bank branches, he said. Strongly pitching for convergence of all cards issued to the common man, he said there should be only one multipurpose card. He said the state government has made a budgetary provision of Rs 631 crore for e-Shakti card scheme and wondered if this card could be linked with banking service also.Modi talked about the need for opening more ATMs as about two-third of people go to bank branches for withdrawal. \"Of the 50 lakh bank accounts, only one lakh customers have ATM card,\" he said.The daylong workshop was organized by a media house in partnership with state planning department, Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI), Sahaj, Forbes and others.At the plenary session, state principal secretary, education, Amarjeet Sinha said the state needed 5,500 high schools. The government has set up a Manav Vikas (human development) Mission which is being monitored by the chief minister and a group of ministers. Secretary, road construction department, Pratyaya Amrit talked about infrastructure development, particularly the road sector, which has changed the socio-economic demography of the state.CM's secretary S Siddhartha said primary economy has changed in rural areas and the government is spending 36% of the plan expenditure on social sector. He, however, lamented the banks' poor credit-deposit ratio of only 34% in Bihar , against the national average of 77%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15711430", "title": "Work begins to digitize capital\u2019s farmland records", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's revenue department on Saturday set in motion the process of digitizing land records and doing away with manual issuing of certified copies of records of ownership rights for agricultural land across the nine revenue districts. Once the digitization is complete, the government proposes to set a delivery time frame, which could be fixed for a maximum of seven days.A beginning was made with Kharkhari Nahar village of Najafgarh subdivision in the southwest district on Saturday. By December, all nine districts are expected to have computerized records and a streamlined service delivery system.After the launch of the pilot project for Computerization of Record of Rights at Najafgarh tehsil, principal secretary (revenue) Vijay Dev said the digitization of land records will reduce chances of tampering with and manipulation of crucial documents related to ownership rights. \"Also accountability and transparency will increase as computerized records of the correspondence between the patwari, kanungo and tehsildar, and the applicant will be maintained,\" Dev said.As of now getting access to manual records of rights can take three months or more. According to Dev, the digitization process has stringent deadlines. After the pilot project in Najafgarh, the entire southwest district will be covered, and then the experience will be shared with other districts to ensure a smooth transition. \"By December all nine districts will hopefully have computerized records and then we will begin the phase-out of the manual system,\" the revenue secretary said.He further said the new system will be brought under the time-bound service delivery law and people will be able to get their record details within a set time frame. \"I am aiming for a seven-day deadline but this is something which will be worked out over the next few months based on the pace of transition to the new system,\" Dev added. Eventually, the revenue department proposes to make available rights records on its website, so that people simply wanting to know the chain of ownership can access the information, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15746027", "title": "No divorce for Manav &amp; Archana in Pavitra Rishta?", "text": "Zee TV's Pavitra Rishta has been witnessing some tense moments during Arjun (Rithvik Dhanjani) and Purvi's (Asha Negi) wedding ceremony.But as one couple is ready to tie the knot, another couple that was headed for a divorce seem to have sorted out their differences. Yes you heard it right! Sources inform that Manav ( Hiten Tejwani) who flew down from Canada and came to India to divorce his wife Archana ( Ankita Lokhande) will not do so.Manav wants to severe all ties from the past by divorcing Archana and head back home to Canada. But it's their daughters Ovi (Shruti Kanwar) and Teju (Mrinalini Tyagi) who will come to their parents rescue to stop them from divorcing one another. In the episodes to come ahead, circumstances will present themselves in such a way, that the two adults will not go ahead with the divorce.But will this take the focus away from Purvi and Arjun's marriage?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713404", "title": "'Provide space in home for wife'", "text": "MUMBAI: A magistrate recently ordered a city surgeon to provide his wife with a self-contained furnished unit from a portion of his more than 2,000 sq ft house in Wadala and pay her Rs 20,000 interim maintenance, to enable her to \"live in dignity in the shared household\". The order was on an application made last year by the wife under the Protection of Women fromDomestic Violence Act, 14 years after residing away from husband with her parents at Pedder Road.The couple got married in 1994 and has a son. The woman's lawyer, Suresh Chandrashekhar, said she earlier lived with her husband at his 3,000 sq ft four-bedroom-two hall-kitchen house in the building My Nest in Wadala and under the DV Act was entitled to be provided a place to stay in the shared household by her husband. She alleged cruelty by the husband, a successful orthopaedic surgeon, and her in-laws, a charge they denied.The court, relying on Chandrashekhar's submissions that the SC early this year had held that separation prior to 2005 was no bar in courts entertaining DV applications, rejected arguments by the husband's lawyer Amit Date that her plea could not be entertained since she stopped residing at Wadala in 1998. Both sides will challenge the order in the sessions court, the husband against the \"wife's entry into the house\", said his lawyer, and the wife \"to seek higher maintenance based on the husband's income in crores\", said her lawyer.While the husband said she was never compelled to leave his 2,161 sq ft house, the woman alleged cruelty as a ground. The son, now almost 17, moved in with his father only last December. The woman denied that it was a \"willing move\" as claimed by the surgeon. She alleged that the move was because of the father's threats of cutting financial support and all ties once he turned 18. She said he wants to study medicine, which she cannot afford on her \"meagre\" resources with just Rs 8,000 in monthly child support and so she permitted him to go although she raised him \"single-handedly for the last 14 years\".The magistrate rejected seven other demands. EarlierThis week, a family court resolved one of the longest pending divorce cases in the city by rejecting the divorce plea filed by the man in 1999 on grounds of cruelty and ordered him to pay the wife Rs 50,000 monthly maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15723879", "title": "August rains joy and fun on weekends", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Naresh Malhotra, a businessman from Sector 18 and his family have been having nice outings on weekends of late, all thanks to the rains, making the weather really pleasant. And Naresh is not the only one, who has been making the most of the good weather, as there are many families in the city, who have been having a pleasurable time, with rain drenching the city on each weekend of this month (but for August 4 and 5). It rained this Saturday too and the meteorological department predicts rainfall on Sunday too.On Saturday, August 11, 13.4mm rainfall was recorded and on Sunday, August 12, it had drizzled, while a cool breeze blew all day. The next Saturday that is August 18, the rainfall stood at 6.4mm, while on Sunday, August 19, Chandigarh received a rainfall of 31.4mm. On Saturday, August 25, there was 3.5mm of rainfall. These figures show that the weekends were pleasant for city residents. This week too witnessed rainfall on almost everyday and that is the reason that the temperature has come down.Lakhveer Singh, a resident of Sector 33 said that as it had rained on last Saturday (August 18) too , so he and his family had gone uphill to Kasauli to unwind and had a great time there. \"Earlier, I had been avoiding going to Sukhna Lake due to the hot temperature but for the past couple of weekends I have been going there with my family and friends. We take home-made food there and have a little picnic of our own,\" smiled Aman Verma of Sector 11. Gurjeet Singh, a resident of Sector 44 said that he and his family had opted for shopping on August 11, a Saturday, as it had rained and the next day, the family had gone to Yadavindra Gardens in Pinjore and spent the entire day in natural environs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15720391", "title": "A K Jayachandran: An architect par excellence", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Friends, colleagues and admirers of architect A K Jayachandran, on Saturday, paid rich tributes to the ace architect who designed several monumental buildings, including the Palayam Mosque, Technopark, Kinfra Park and the Chithranjali Studio. Jayachandran died at a private hospital here on Friday. He was 75.Recalling his association with the architect, state planning board member and founder CEO of Technopark G Vijayaraghavan said Jayachandran stood tall among most of his contemporaries for his unblemished integrity and love and skill in creating nature-friendly buildings.\"Jayachandran was selected from among several others shortlisted through competitive bids to design the Technopark. It was designed without obstructing the topography of the land. Some of the most beautiful apartments in the city were also designed by him,\" Vijayaraghavan said.Jayachandran, who began his career as a government servant, later set up a private firm to pursue his interest in a more independent way. Kalabhavan and Kairali-Sree theatres in the city were designed by him when he was in government service.\"Starting with Park Centre, Pamba and Periyar in 1994, he designed Nila in 1997. It was the largest IT building in the park at that time. Bhavani, the flagship building, was completed in 2000. And then came Thejaswini, the largest IT building in Kerala with an area of 8.5 lakh sq ft. The way he envisaged the Technopark stands testimony to his deep respect for nature and environment. We salute his spirit. We will miss his presence and advice in our future projects,\" said senior business development manager of Technopark M Vasudevan.\"Jayachandran's vision of Technopark is a standing testimony on how nature and business can be blended well. All of us at Technopark have deep respect for him and we thank him for this wonderful gift to the state,\" said CEO of Technopark Girish Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724852", "title": "Juvenile goes for cop\u2019s collar, DDR registered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama was witnessed in Sector 25 based Juvenile Home, when an inmate got engaged in a heated debate with a home guard volunteer of Chandigarh police on Saturday.The incident took place at 10.30am when the juvenile, who was put on the ground floor in the category of habitual offenders, started shouting and the volunteer, Naresh Kumar, tried to pacify him. Sources said Naresh tried to overpower the juvenile as he tugged on to cop's collar. The volunteer then called police.Sources said the boy was singing loudly in the balcony of his room when a female staffer raised an objection, but he did not pay any heed. The juvenile, who entered into the heated arguments with volunteer, had escaped after breaking iron grills of his room in juvenile home and rearrested from his house in Ramdarbar, Sector 31, on the same day on February 18.The juvenile home officials refused to make any comment and director of social welfare department, Rajesh Jogpal, claimed he was not informed about the incident by his subordinates. Sub Inspector Harminder Singh, in charge of police post, Sector 24, said a detailed DDR was lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723714", "title": "CPM cadre shot dead in Kultoli", "text": "KOLKATA: A 47-year-old CPM cadre of Kultoli's Panchkhopa was gunned down on Saturday afternoon. Police are probing whether the murder was the fallout of a family dispute or political vengeance.Iccha Gayen, was shot dead in an eatery after he returned from an all party meeting at Patwarikhali panchayat over land issues. tnnby miscreants Iccha Gayen, 47, son of ration dealer Chhunnat Gayen of Panchkhopa in Kultoli police station area, was shot dead in an eatery at Patwarikhali following an all party meeting at Patwarikhali panchayat over land issues. The unidentified armed miscreants entered the eatery when Iccha Gayen sat for lunch. They pumped bullets into his chest at point blank range and fled on motorcycles.According to police, Iccha Gayen, a CPM cadre, was attending an all-party meeting at Patwarikhali panchayat office at 10 am. After the meeting, all went to an eatery for lunch. Iccha Gayen managed a seat in the second batch around noon. The miscreants barged into the eatery at this time.Police said that after the murder, the CPM staged an agitation and refused to allow police to take Gayen's body for postmortem. They demanded that police arrest the culprit.Police said that Iccha Gayen was a wealthy person who had many disputes with his cousins. Last Wesdnesday, there was a shootout over a property dispute of the Gayen borthers at Mahishbari, two kilometer from Patwarikhali. Police are checking out whether this murder is a fallout of a family dispute or one for political vengeance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15718714", "title": "Lyngdoh panel recommendations on student polls being violated", "text": "VARANASI: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had issued instructions for implementation of the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee report during the student union elections in universities and degree colleges of the state but one could see extensive use of printed publicity material in the city.The date for the student union elections has not been announced so far. But printed posters displaying the images of the contestants could be seen at public places across the city.The code of conduct for candidates suggests that no candidate would be permitted to make use of printed posters, pamphlets or any other material for the purpose of canvassing. Candidates may only utilize hand-made posters for the purpose of canvassing, provided such posters are procured within the expenditure limit.Furthermore, the candidates may only utilize hand-made posters at certain places on the campus, which would be notified in advance by the election commission/university authority. For election-related expenditure and financial accountability, the Lyngdoh Committee has recommended an amount of Rs 5000 as the maximum permitted expenditure per candidate.\"We have not received any instruction in this regard so far. But putting posters or banners at public places or government property is illegal and we will instruct the authorities of municipal corporation for removal of such posters and take action in this regard,\" city magistrate Mahendra Prasad said on Friday.Lyngdoh Committee has also recommended that no candidate would be allowed to carry out processions or hold public meetings for canvassing outside the university and college campuses. The use of loudspeakers, vehicles and animals for the purpose of canvassing has also been prohibited.Only students at the under graduate level, who are in the age bracket of 17-22 years, are eligible to contest the election. Besides, only those candidates can contest election, who have no criminal record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15727928", "title": "Drug racket kingpin remanded to police custody", "text": "JALANDHAR: Former NRI Raja Kandhola, drug racket kingpin, involved in peddling high value synthetic drug mathamphetamine, called Ice in popular parlance, was brought here on Saturday by police and was remanded to police custody for a week by a local court here.Though Jalandhar (rural) police was desperately trying to arrest Kandhola since the first week of June, when the racket was busted, he landed in Delhi police net on August 13. He had been evading arrest even as 18 of his accomplices were arrested by police.Ice worth around Rs 200 crore was recovered when the gang was busted. Kartarpur SHO Inderjit Singh, who played a crucial role in busting the racket, brought Kandhola from Tihar jail on production warrant. Kandhola was himself an NRI and the gang involved some other NRIs also, apart from some influential persons here.This is the first case of drug smuggling in which 19 persons have been arrested, following a single lead and where the accused were rich and well-connected persons. Originally hailing from Nawanshahr district, Kandhola had a farm house, sprawling over eight acres in Samrala. It had a swimming pool also and reflected the lavish lifestyle of the accused, apart from housing a drug manufacturing facility, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "sattenapalle", "code": "15712664", "title": "Alcoholic father kills son", "text": "Sattenapalle: An alcoholic father allegedly killed his son for raising objections to his wayward lifestyle at Devarampadu village of Rajupalem mandal. One Thota Lakshmana Rao cut the throat of his younger son Sankar Rao, 30, when the latter was in deep sleep in the early hours of Saturday. Sankar Rao ran out into the street and shouted for help. Locals rushed Sankar Rao to the Sattenapalle government hospital where he died a few hours after his admissionto the hospital. The victim told the doctors that his father attacked him with a sharp knife. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15715290", "title": "NGO files plea over buffer notification", "text": "PUNE: An intervention application filed by city-based NGO Kalpavriksh in the Supreme Court states that state governments are likely to bypass and violate the processes put down in the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 and the Forest Rights' Act, 2006, in the rush to notify buffer areas around tiger reserves.The apex court, in the Ajay Dubey vs. National Tiger Conservation Authority (special leave petition no(s).21339/2011) case, had issued a directive on July 24 asking state governments to notify the buffer areas within three weeks.The application pointed out that in most states there was no consultation with the affected villagers, or a very cursory one with a few meetings. \"This is conducive for greater mistrust and suspicion, hence more conflicts between the local people and the forest department. In such a rush, the notification is issued without proper scientific basis. All this could backfire on wildlife conservation too,\" the organization said.The NGO has requested the Supreme Court to recognise these issues. Ashish Kothari, petitioner on behalf of Kalpavriksh, told TOI,\"If the court allows, we would like to argue for a review of this case through a proper process. Notification of buffer areas around national parks and sanctuaries is to curb destructive developmental activities. There are other options too like declaring areas as eco-sensitive or as biodiversity heritage sites, which can curtail destructive activities while allowing livelihoods to continue. All options must be considered using the best available knowledge and democratic processes.''In an earlier order on April 3, 2012, the apex court had directed states to issue the notification within three months. Taking exception to the fact that some states (including Maharashtra) had not done so, the court ordered them to issue them within three weeks, failing which contempt proceedings would be initiated, and state secretaries asked to pay Rs 50,000 fine, each.Kalpavriksh's contention is that the short time was contrary to the provisions of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 which provides for specific conditions to be fulfilled prior to declaration of the buffer areas.It states that the 'buffer and peripheral areas' are to be declared in such a manner that the rights of scheduled tribes as well as other forest dwellers are recognized. This requires full implementation of the Forest Rights Act, which has not been done in any of the core or buffer areas of tiger reserves.\"As per the Wildlife Act, the limits of a buffer area are to be determined on the basis of scientific and objective criteria developed on the basis of consultation with the gram sabha. An expert committee should be constituted and the buffer zone area should be identified keeping in view and recognizing the livelihood, developmental, social and cultural rights of the local people. It should aim at promoting coexistence of wildlife and human activity. Hence, the notification process would take time,'' Kothari said.Conservationists and environmentalists who participated in a national consultation on protected areas and forest rights recently in New Delhi had the same views. The group is part of 'Future of Conservation Network (FoC),' a network of ecological and social organizations and individuals committed to effective and equitable conservation of bio-diversity.Neema Pathak, a member of Kalpavriksh and of FOC, said the court had given very little time for identifying and notifying the buffer areas and holding consultation with gram sabhas. These areas have a significant human population, and the law mandates discussions with gram sabhas and formation of an experts' committee. \"It is not clear if the amicus curae has informed the court about all aspects of the real situation. We have already sent a letter to the ministry of tribal affairs,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15712157", "title": "NCP announces jumbo district committee", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) announced a jumbo 193-member District Unit Committee at a press conference held on Saturday. District unit president Suresh Lonkar declared the list that includes 29 vice presidents, treasurer, PRO, 44 general secretaries, 53 secretaries, 24 executive committee members, 16 taluka unit presidents and 24 special invitees.Food and drugs minister Manohar Rao Naik, MLC Sandeep Bajoria, ZP president Pravin Deshmukh, former MLC and Cotton Federation chairman Dr NP Hirani, former MLAs Prakash Patil Deosarkar, Annasaheb Parvekar, Bapurao Panghate and Vijay Patil Chondikar figure among the prominent invitees.\"We want to strengthen the party from the grass root level. The committee has been formed eyeing the general elections in 2014,\" said Lonkar.About the possibility of a pre-poll alliance with Congress and other parties, Naik said the local leaders are of the opinion that NCP should face the electorate independently. \"It is premature to predict alliance with the Congress at this stage,\" said Naik adding that the final decision would be taken by the party high command.However, MLC Sandeed Bajoria said Congress is their main opponent and also flayed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for keeping the NCP at bay during his visits to Yavatmal and other districts.Naik said, \"I disagree with such remarks.\"While replying the query if the Banjara Community is being sidelined in the NCP fold, Naik said that there is no question of such speculations. When his attention was drawn to the act of stripping him of the District Guardian Minister responsibility recently, Naaik said that it was his own move to ensure representation to the ministers of Muslim minority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15726443", "title": "Harendra wants least interference in selection", "text": "Bihar might be lagging behind other states in sports but its sons of the soil win laurels at national and international level. One such hero is Harendra Singh of Bangra village in Saran district. Senior manager (customer services) northern region, Air India , at Delhi airport, Harendra is the second person from Bihar after Sanjeev Kumar Singh to have been selected for the prestigious Dronacharya Award. In an exclusive interview with Jai Narain Pandey , the hockey coach shares his feelings for his home state as well as the state of affairs in Indian hockey.Excerpts:Q: Congrats! Your reaction to the selection for Dronacharya Award?Since Dronacharya Award is the highest award for any coach, it's an honour to get the recognition. My hard work for 12 years has been paid off. It will give more responsibility on my shoulder to promote hockey.Q: You had come to Patna with Dhanraj Pillay in 2007 and promised to pay back to your state in the field of hockey. Anything you tried for that during the last 5 years?I am very sad that nothing has materialized so far despite my repeated request to the authorities in the state's sports department. It hurts me.Q: What is ailing Indian hockey? What contributed to the worst performance in hockey at London Olympics?The biggest problem is infighting between two federations. It's high time the government of India should take a call and bring the two federations to the negotiating table and sort out the problem. Because of two factions, players and coaches get confused and India is not able to field even its best available players. Like the players who participated in WSH (World Series Hockey) were not included in the camp for Olympics and the result is on the table.The second biggest problem is lack of infrastructure at grassroots level. Players get world class facilities only when they are selected for Indian team. Coaches working at grassroots level are not provided best of equipment. We don't have vision, planning, execution and it results in poor performance. We work like casual workers. In London Olympics, we left players like Bharat Chhikara, Gurjinder Singh, Arjun Halappa, Prabhjot Singh, Prabodh Tirkey and Lalit Upadhyay.Q: What should be done to bring back the glory?We must work with short-term and long-term planning. We must utilize the experience of coaches and ex-players. Most of them have a blueprint with realistic and achievable target. We should open a world class high performance centre at Dhayan Chand Stadium in Delhi for top hockey players of all age groups. It should have all the modern facilities and research and development programme should be available to help the players.Q: How limited role a coach plays in the present circumstances when so many things happen behind the scene in a players' selection?National coach should be appointed for Olympics. After appointing him, the coach should be given free hand to select his staff and players, because he is responsible for the performance. No interference should be allowed from outside.Q: You want to open a sports academy in Bihar. Do you have any blueprint for any such project? If yes, did you ever try to pursue the matter with Bihar government? What was the response?I have a blueprint for Bihar. It's not only for hockey but all the disciplines in which Bihar can excel. I am still waiting for a favourable reply from Bihar government. I need a piece of land where I can start my project with the help of the state government.Q: After Ajjitesh Roy, any other player from Bihar you are grooming?I want to visit district headquarters and select players from all age groups to provide the best facilities under public-private partnership mode. I hope CM Nitish Kumar will provide me in getting the facilities for budding players of the state where I may groom Olympic-level sportsman from Bihar. It's my moral duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723535", "title": "New Town office to house all TCS operations", "text": "KOLKATA: Sentiments in the city's real estate and IT sectors, which have been dampened following the global economic slowdown, may get a booster shot with IT major TCS taking on rent 700,000 sq ft floor space in an upscale office complex in New Town. The new facility will accommodate over 7,000 workstations.Confirming the development, TCS vice-president Shyamal Bhattacharya said the company had rented a large area in EcoSpace to consolidate its operations in Kolkata. \"Apart from the TCS campus in Sector V, the company's operations are scattered across six to seven buildings in the city. We wanted to consolidate the operations by bringing the different operations to one place,\" he told TOI.Of TCS' workforce of over 15,000 in Kolkata, half the staff is located in the company-owned facility while the rest are housed in multiple buildings. Now, all the others will move into the New Town facility. In all, TCS operations in the city will cover 15 lakh sq ft.TCS' latest move will take the techie count in Action Area III to 20,000-25,000, all located within a 1-km radius. Apart from Ambuja Realty's EcoSpace, the rest work at DLF II and Unitech InfoSpace. In Kolkata, around 100,000 work in the IT sector, most of them at the Sector V in Salt Lake.Apart from the relocation of staff, a TCS official said the company will go ahead with its hiring plan for the year and recruit 50,000 techies. \"The market condition will not impact our hiring plans. Of the 50,000 techies, at least 5,000 will be from the east, a majority of which will be from Kolkata,\" the official said.Incidentally, Cognizant Technology Solutions has recruited around 2,000 techies this March.TCS is also building a big campus in Rajarhat that will house 20,000 techies. Construction at the 50-acre site is expected to begin shortly and will be completed in three years. The hiring will begin thereafter.Nasscon east head Suparno Moitra felt TCS' decision to continue with its hiring schedule and move into better work environment will provide a fillip to the sector at a time when the situation is challenging globally. \"The bullishness in TCS shows that the company has been able to get business internationally. And it has faith in West Bengal where good talent is available at affordable rate,\" he said.Industry sources said that while hiring would be slow, IT companies were working towards better utilization of benches to increase productivity. \"Foreign companies will continue to outsource activities for better margins. Indian companies, too, are expanding to markets like Latin America, Asean and West Asia and to new verticals,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15712974", "title": "Enrolment rate very high, learning abilities very low", "text": "Primary education and environmental sustainability have been two issues that have constantly made headlines. With this increased awareness about these, the investment by the government as well as the corporate sector towards them has increased manifold. Despite all this, there is still much to be desired in both the areas.The Indian government has always stressed the need of primary education. Schemes like Mid-Day Meals, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan and campaigns like School Chale Hum are proof of this. Enrolment rates in the schools have risen to an unbelievable 96%.However, the high drop out rate of girls, especially those from the rural areas is a big threat to the achievement of the goal of universal primary education. Another major concern shown by experts is the below par standard of education in many of the government schools of the country and the lack of basic facilities in them. While Indian students have always been praised for being better than those from other countries in the three R's (reading, writing and arithmetic), the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) of 2011 released earlier this year by HRD Ministry show a shocking decline among the children in these abilities.In terms of environment, the target includes increased access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation. According to a World Bank estimate, around 21% of the disease burden in the country (that can be amounted to around Rs300 crore) has its roots in poor quality of drinking water. India tops the world in the practice of open defecation according to a UNICEF report. Even today, 53 per cent of Indian households do not have toilets.Sure, a lot has been done but a lot more is still to be achieved in both education and sanitation situation of the country.GOALS: Achieving universal primary education; ensuring environmental sustainability;CASE STUDY 1: Under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, all children are provided with free books and other educational materials. The regional education board's resource centre was stacked with more than 1 lakh copies of the textbooks to be given away to the various schools of the district.Six months after the school session had begun many schools claimed they had not got any of the books. Official documents, however, showed that the books had been dispatched. On enquiry, a shocking revelation surfaced.All the books were still in the resource centre - infested by termite. Educational material worth Rs50 lakh was ruined, burning a hole into the pockets of the government as well as denying some poor children. The officials then got busy shifting the blame from their shoulders.CASE STUDY 2: To acquaint the children from villages with modern technology, the government decided to introduce computer education in all the government-run schools. A small village in Chamorshi that has classes up to seventh standard also got some computers. These machines served purposes other than educational, too.Some of the senior boys used the computers to watch adult content. Surprisingly, the teachers of the school knew well about it but chose to turn a blind eye to the incident. It was only after some of the parents got wind of the goings-on that action was taken against the teachers.CASE STUDY 3: In many remote villages inhabited by the tribals, there are special hostels for children from the community in order to facilitate better educational facilities. In January this year, more than 40 students living in one such hostel had to be admitted to hospital because of food poisoning.It was later discovered that the room used for storing and preparing the food for the inmates of the hostel was not suited for these functions. The grains that were supposed to be nutritious were full of insects, their eggs and stools.When enquired about the incident and the unsavoury condition of the kitchen, the school officials said that since they were located in a remote place, the government preferred to send them the grains required in a bulk that makes it difficult for them to store it properly.QUOTE SHOOTEven before the MDG's were conceived India was thinking about universal primary education. It is sad, though, that it took so long for something like RTE to come along. Even though the bill was passed by the Parliament, even now the implementation of the act looks iffy. Despite all kinds of schemes, only 45% children in the villages get formal education. Not many villagers are aware of the existence of a village education committee for monitoring the schools within their jurisdiction.Today, people have realized the importance of good education and actually want it. Still, they are put-off by the absence of quality education, rickety infrastructure and wide spread corruption. With most of the educational institutions being run by politicians, there is no transparency or accountability in their administration, which also discourages people.Nitin Choudhary | activist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15721145", "title": "Tamil no more a foreign tongue for these Coimbatore students", "text": "COIMBATORE: \"Vanakkam, en peru Claire\", Niyigena Marie Claire, a third year BSc (electronics and communication) student of CMS College of Science and Commerce from Rwanda in Africa , introduces herself before reciting a few couplets from Thirukkural during a Tamil language hour at the college. Apart from the Kural, Claire is also besotted with Subramaniya Bharathi and his poetry.Claire is one of the many foreign students in the city who have taken to learning Tamil as part of their course work. Apart from the customary 'nandri', 'vanakkam' and the dude Tamil Lingo of 'macha' and 'machi' imbibed from peer-talk in the campus and hostels, Claire and others are trying not only to expand their vocabulary and but also understand and enjoy some of the classics, ancient and modern, of Tamil literature. At least 20 students from CMS take classes in Kural.Of course, it is a tough task. \"The accent and tone of Tamil is entirely different from our language (Kinyarwanda). So learning Tamil is a challenge for me,\" says Claire. Most of the students initially learn Tamil to converse easily and forge a friendly bond with peers and local residents. \"All students learn basic Tamil during the second year of the degree course. Some show a little more interest in the language and literature and we teach them a few hours every week,\" says Pon Kausalya, a Tamil professor at the college.For students like Purna Bahadur Pradhan, a third year B.Com student from Bhutan, the language classes has made the weekly visits to the vegetable market less stressful. He doesn't resort to sign language anymore with the shopkeepers as he now asks for thakkali, vendakka and other items in Tamil. He even tries friendly batter with the shopkeepers who often reciprocate cheerfully to his efforts to speak in their language.Pradhan's friend Richen Dorzi says his social circle has widened after taking Tamil lessons. \"Our local friends encourage our interest in Tamil which helps to get new friends,\" he says. \"Learning an extra language is always a great feeling. It will definitely help us in a big way in our future,\" says Irakozo Divine, a student from Burundi. Interestingly, few among them have dared to explore the maddening world of Tamil cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15723442", "title": "There is a correct way to use skin items", "text": "The sequence in which skincare items and make-up are applied is as important as the ingredients in the products . Dermatologists are now advising patients with skin issues on the correct pattern of using skincare products.Consumers/ patients spend huge amounts of money on skincare products in an effort to improve the look of their skin. From anti-ageing serums to acne medications, many adults and teens regularly apply medications or treatments to their skin. Use of too many items and incorrect use can irritate the skin, leading to infections too. Medications must be applied immediately after washing the face unless otherwise recommended by the dermatologist. This should be followed by moisturiser and make-up if desired, say skin specialists. Minimum make-up is recommended for those who are taking medication or are applying medicated creams and lotions for skin conditions.Dermatologists say it is important for patients to realise that using too many products negates the benefits of each product and can further irritate the skin.The alert over the sequence of use comes along with concerted efforts to monitor ingredients used in cosmetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15748900", "title": "Shashank on co-star Anjum as she quits Balika!", "text": "Anjum Farooki, who plays Gauri on Colors TV's No 1 show, Balika Vadhu, has been in the news recently. Anjum has decided to quit the show and focus on her personal life.Anjum's character Gauri has always been treated as an outsider by Jagya's family as she is held responsible for Anandi's misery and her divorce to Jagya. But it is this very character that made Anjum take up Balika Vadhu in the first place, \"Gauri is not an evil. No character is completely negative. Gauri does realize she has been wrong towards Anandi and confesses this to Jagya. Gauri has been a positive character on Balika Vadhu and that's why I took it up! The character has always had immense drama on the show.\"But with her quitting, co-star Shashank (Jagya) praises Anjum for being a fantastic actress, \"Anjum is just amazing! She works with a winning attitude and is extremely energetic. And since acting is all about action and reaction, it helps if your co-star is a fine actor. It becomes easy to work. Anjum goes into the scene very deeply and is always ready for the scene.\"Shashank also adds, \"It was wonderful to work with her and I learnt a lot from Anjum\".Currently on the show, things have taken a U-Turn for Jagya (Shashank Vyas) and the attention seems to have gone from Gauri. As Anandi (Pratyusha Banerjee) and Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla) are set to get engaged, Jagya feels the need to be with Anandi once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15715068", "title": "Police spanner in Team Anna\u2019s protest plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours before India Against Corruption's planned protest outside the residences of PM Manmohan Singh , UPA chief Sonia Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Sunday, the group was denied permission to march from Jantar Mantar. \"They wanted permission not only to gather at Jantar Mantar but also blockade residences of senior leaders. This cannot be allowed,'' said a senior police officer.But as IAC leader Arvind Kejriwal remained defiant, police indicated they might allow some concessions to the protesters. \"They will be allowed to gather at Jantar Mantar even if a formal approval is not given by Sunday morning. However, attempts to breach VIP security will not be tolerated,'' said the officer.Police expect a lean turnout of 1,000-1,500 supporters. \"More people could spell a law and order problem. We will deploy around 5,000 men from Jantar Mantar to the PM's residence. There will be barricades to prevent protesters from moving out of Jantar Mantar. There will also be a security ring around the residences of Gadkari, Sonia Gandhi, and finance minister P Chidambaram.''Before rejecting IAC activist Neeraj Kumar's request for permission late on Saturday, police had already indicated their intent by demanding a fresh undertaking from an \"IAC office bearer who can exercise control over everyone participating in the protest\". Sources said the words were carefully chosen so that the core Team Anna members may be held to account in case of a security breach this time. \"So far, we have been restrained in acting against senior IAC members like Kejriwal, but in case of any violation this time, we will book them,'' said the source.Additional commissioner (New Delhi) KC Dwivedi's letter posted on IAC's Facebook page on Saturday states police are aware of the planned blockade and have placed the targeted areas under prohibitory orders. \"It is, therefore, incumbent upon you to advise your organization to desist from indulging in any unlawful act which may disturb law and order,\" the letter states. Citing seven violations during IAC's July protest at Jantar Mantar, for which Kumar gave an undertaking, Dwivedi said his undertaking cannot be relied upon. \"...It is imperative that the undertaking be furnished by such office bearer of your organisation who can exercise control over everyone participating in the proposed dharna.\"Going against the undertaking last time, protesters had occupied the Jantar Mantar Road, resulting in closure of traffic for days. Anna supporters had also staged protests outside the residences of the PM and the agriculture minister.Police claim they also found an open kitchen for preparing and distributing food to the supporters at Jantar Mantar last time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15757186", "title": "Railway passengers want electronic display boards", "text": "PUNE: Railway commuters have demanded that facilities for passengers at Pune and Shivajinagar railway stations should be upgraded.Passengers said that administration need to fix electronic boards at all entry-exit points of both stations to display train timings and platforms allotted to the trains. Passengers also have complained that the stations lack security measures owing to which presence of unauthorised hawkers have increased.\"The electronic displays are not there at entrance gate at the Raja Bahadur mill road. Hundreds of passengers use this entrance every day. However they fail to find the train timing and platform allotted to it as there are no electronic boards fixed at entrance. This often leads to huge chaos outside entrance as well as on the foot-over-bridge as passengers keep guessing platforms,\" said Anish Aslam, a regular traveller.Amey Nagtilak, another passenger said that if electronic display boards are fixed at the main entrance, why they are not at the other entrances. The fixing of display board would streamline the passenger movement.Highlighting another issue Nagtilak said that electronic display boards fixed at every platform to display position of train coaches often remain non functional. This is like a harassment for passengers, especially senior citizens who are forced by railway administration to run looking for the coaches after train arrives at station.Hemant Tapale of Pune-Mumbai Railway Pravasi Sangh said that he has received similar complaints in last six months.The railway authorities said that they have received suggestions to fix display boards at all entry-exit points. The matter is under consideration. The administration has planned to install an additional foot-over-bridge between platform number and three at Pune station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15719303", "title": "IIT dean, registrar apologise for attack on photojournalist", "text": "CHENNAI: The IIT-Madras dean and registrar on Saturday apologised before mediapersons at the office of the commissioner of police for the assault on a photojournalist by a professor. They also apologised for filing a false complaint against him and agreed to withdraw it.Albin Mathew of The New Indian Express was assaulted by professor Prakash M Maiya for clicking pictures on the IIT campus where a student committed suicide on Tuesday. Albin was also confined in a room on the campus till police and other journalists came to his rescue.The complaint against the photographer, which the IIT authorities on Saturday admitted to be false, had alleged that a few girl students were harassed by the photojournalist. The apology came after representatives from journalists' union held three rounds of negotiation with the IIT authorities in the presence of senior police officers. The IIT management has called a meeting of students on Sunday to discuss the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15709395", "title": "India eye podium finish in Chess Olympiad", "text": "KOLKATA: After the Olympics, it is time for the Olympiad. A 10-member Indian chess squad left for Istanbul (Turkey) on Saturday, hoping for a podium finish in the Chess Olympiad that gets under way on Monday.The team will be without the country's top players in both the men's and women's categories. Five-time world champion Viswanathan Anand and Grandmaster Koneuru Humpy have both decided to give the tournament a miss due to personal reasons. The Indian squad, however, has enough depth to mount a strong challenge in the competition.The Indian side did not have a camp before the event this time as most of the top players were busy playing different tournaments around the world.\"We are all doing our homework and are in touch with each other,\" P Harikrishna told TOI on Saturday.The Grandmaster said he plans a new approach in the tournament this time. \"It's a long tournament. We have to play 11 games. I will try to take one game at a time to stay fresh,\" he said.A veteran of seven Olympiads, Hari feels India have failed to finish on the podium because the players have been inconsistent in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15746271", "title": "Taliban denies Badruddin Haqqani's death in US drone strike", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The family of Afghan Taliban commander Jalaluddin Haqqani and a senior commander of the dreaded Haqqani network have rejected reports of the death of warlord Badruddin Haqqani in a US drone strike in Pakistan's restive North Waziristan last week.Maulvi Ahmed Jan, a top commander of the Haqqani network, claimed Badruddin, believed to be in mid-30s was safe.\"Badruddin Haqqani is safe and sound and engaged in jihad against the occupying forces in Afghanistan along with male members of the Haqqani family,\" he said.\"The only family member who died in the drone attack last Tuesday was 13-year-old Osama , who was not involved in the operational affairs of the Haqqani network and was a distant relative of Badruddin Haqqani,\" Jan was quoted as saying by The News today.Badruddin, the son of Afghan warlord Jalaluddin Haqqani, is ranked as a deputy to his elder brother and the network's chief Sirajuddin was believed to be killed in one of the five volleys of drone strikes in Pakistan's Taliban-controlled tribal agency of North Waziristan since August 18.Some youths, including relatives of Jalaluddin Haqqani, had arranged a trip to celebrate Eid near the Afghan border when they were targeted by a drone, he claimed.Five youths were killed and several others injured in the attack, he said.The funeral of these persons was held in North Waziristan and the media reported that it was the funeral of Badruddin Haqqani, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724753", "title": "Bribe-taking constable sent in judicial remand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) special court here on Saturday sent a Chandigarh cop to 14 days in judicial remand in a corruption case. The accused cop was identified as constable Jatinder Singh, who is the son of a Chandigarh police sub-inspector.Jatinder, who was deployed with the technical cell at police headquarters in Sector 9, has just completed three years in service.He was arrested on Friday after CBI sleuths laid a trap at his house and arrested him red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs. 15,000.The complainant in this case, a shopkeeper, based in Sector 15 here had complained that Jatinder had been blackmailing him for the last few weeks.\"The complainant had found an abandoned mobile phone in Sector 15 market and had kept it with him. However, the mobile's owner filed a police complaint and the technical cell put the phone on surveillance. Jatinder found the mobile in the possession of the complainant and threatened him that he would get many cases of mobile thefts registered against him,\" said a CBI official here.\"Jatinder demanded a bribe of Rs. 15,000 and called the complainant to his home at police lines in Sector 26. We arrested him while accepting the bribe,\" he added.Jatinder was booked under various sections of Prevention of Corruption Act. CBI sources maintained that there is a possibility of involvement of some more cops of the technical cell in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "sitamarhi", "code": "15725719", "title": "Girl kills self as cops fail to 'protect' her", "text": "SITAMARHI: A day after chief minister Nitish Kumar made public his displeasure over failing perception about law and order in the state while giving pep talk to the state's police officers on Wednesday, a girl hanged herself from the ceiling of her rented house in Sitamarhi's Krishnangar locality on Thursday, leaving behind a suicide note blaming the police failure to protect her from her blackmailers.Kanchanbala Jha was a BSc (Hons) student of local SRKG College. Only sister among four siblings, Kanchanbala's misfortune began in June last year when her acquaintance, Puja, allegedly took her to her residence nearby on the last day of their part-II examination. One Birendra Sah, said to be an employee in the Sitamarhi collectorate, was along with one Lovely waiting for them in a room where Kanchanbala was forced to pose with Birendra in different positions and filmed.Talking to TOI at their native Harsingpur village in Sitamarhi district on Saturday, Kanchanbala's father Uday Kant Jha, who is a havildar in BMP 5 at Sultanganj, said his daughter along with her brother went to the Dumra police station to complain about the confinement and photography. But the policemen advised them to reach a compromise. Birendra gave it in writing that he would never harass the girl.On July 10 this year, however, Birendra allegedly kidnapped Kanchanbala's brother Manish on his motorcycle, thrashed him and later released him. Before Manish could lodge a complaint, Birendra rushed to the Dumra police station and lodged a complaint, alleging Manish misbehaved with him.When Manish and his sister went to the police station, they were made to wait for three hours. While Manish wanted to lodge a complaint about his abduction and threat to the life and modesty of his sister, police registered a case under bailable Sections, Uday Kant alleged.The girl met the SP on July 12. On his orders, Birendra was arrested but released on bail at the police station itself. According to the Jhas, Birendra's threats continued and the girl again approached the SP on August 19. And on August 23, she hanged herself. Stunned, policemen arrested Birendra on August 24. But he was taken to the sadar hospital as he complained of pain in body. A chowkidar was even seen providing him cool air with a hand fan. It was only after the incident hit the headlines that he was shifted to jail. Police have also arrested Puja and Lovely, SP Vivek Kumar said on Saturday and added Dumra police station SHO Ramanand Prasad had been suspended.Incidentally, the girl's suicide note remains shrouded in mystery. On reaching her house after the suicide, a police inspector took possession of the suicide note and handed it over to the SP. The girl's brother claimed the suicide note was of eight pages in Hindi and two pages in English while the SP said it was of only five pages in Hindi and two pages in English. The local mediamen desperately tried to even glance through it, but in vain. \"It has been handed over to the CJM,\" the SP said.Had Kanchanbala been alive, incidentally, she would have been the first girl from Harsingpur village to boast of a graduate degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15756992", "title": "Why is Husbands in Goa getting delayed?", "text": "Onam was the date set for the release of director Saji Surendran's Husbands in Goa. But the film's production house has delayed the release to avoid its clash with other movies releasing during Onam.\"We knew that various movies were set to take off to theatres this Onam. So we did not want our movie to clash with rest,\" said G Dhananjayan of UTV, while officially declaring the release date of the film. \"The film will be released on September 21,\" he added.We were earlier informed that the delay occurred as the technical team wanted more time to work on the post-production aspects, and UTV was more than willing to offer them as much time as it took to make the movie a success. Husbands in Goa is the production house's second venture in Malayalam, after director B Unnikrishnan's Grandmaster. The story revolves around three husbands - Govind, Jerry and Arjun, played by Jayasurya, Indrajith and Asif Ali respectively - who decide to take a break from their nagging and dominating wives, and go for a trip to Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15717514", "title": "Stung Narendra Modi to be armed with internet protocol channel for media warfare", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cornered by relentless onslaught from a rejuvenated Congress and a buoyant Keshubhai Patel , chief minister Narendra Modi is planning his biggest media blitzkrieg. An internet protocol channel(IPTV), most likely to be named Namo Bharat, will be launched soon to arm the CM with a potent propaganda tool.Two of his most trusted media lieutenants, Manish Bardia and Parindu Bhagat, have been entrusted with the responsibility to execute the project.A low-profile professional, Bardia's firm has been handling Modi's media-related projects for several years. Insiders say Bardia has hundreds of CDs on Modi's speeches and achievements documented over a decade.Bhagat, popularly known as Kakubhai, has grown phenomenally within the party after Modi took guard in Gujarat. Bhagat's son Maulik is said to have been assigned a key role for the IP protocol channel, which will be aired on local cable networks.While Modi had attempted a similar experiment ahead of assembly polls in 2007, when a local channel Vande Gujarat was launched, this time around he plans to go real big.\"The name itself makes it clear that this is personal projection not just for the assembly election but bigger things that lie ahead,\" said a source close to the development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15715900", "title": "Govt revises norms for new schools", "text": "PUNE: Educational institutions wishing to open new schools will now have to keep Rs 10 lakh as a refundable deposit with the government. They will also either own the land where the school is to be built or lease it for a minimum of 33 years, according to revised norms of the state government. The norms have been based on the Right to Education (RTE) Act.The state government will grant permission to only those schools that have followed the revised norms as laid down in the RTE.School education department undersecretary Z S Randive told TOI, \"The state government has started implementing the RTE guidelines and each school must follow these. The revised norms are stricter than earlier ones and will not allow institutions to run low-grade schools.\"As per the norms, the institution must declare in its application its aim to establish a school and the board to which the school will be affiliated, such as the state board, Central Board of Secondary Education, International Baccalaureate or any other board. The institution must be registered with the state and while applying to start a new school , it must have basic infrastructure as laid down under the RTE, ie, a school building, toilets and a playground.The institution will also have to pay a non-refundable fee of Rs 25,000 along with the application.\"The institution must either own the land where they intend to set up a school or take a building on a minimum 33 years' lease. The government will go through the applications, followingwhich the regional deputy director of education will inspect the premises,\" Randive said.The deputy director of education will submit a report to the government after physical examination of the premises. \"If the institution has complied with all the norms, the government will grant permission to start the school within two months. The institution must start the school within 18 months after the permission letter is issued. If it fails to do so, the permission will stand cancelled,\" Randive said.The chairman of an educational institution in the city said, \"Most of the norms are fine, but the government should not insist that the institution must possess a building at the time of application. If the government does not grant permission to run the school, the building will remain unused. This may cause losses to the institution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "belpahari, midnapore", "code": "15725659", "title": "Maoist tag hangs heavy on farmer", "text": "BELPAHARI, MIDNAPORE: \"My heart broke.\" Shiladitya Chowdhury utters these three words with undisguised anguish, midway through tearing a clump of weed from his farm on Saturday. Branded a Maoist and flung in jail for merely questioning the chief minister, he was freed on bail a day ago because the police could not substantiate even one of the non-bailable charges they slapped on him.He was accused of hurting a public servant on duty but when Jhargram court called for the case diary, Belpahari police could not produce a single injured policeman who was on duty at Mamata Banerjee's public meeting. There was no injury report, either, and no witness to back the police's allegations, said Shiladitya's lawyer Aswini Mandal.At the bail hearing, the public prosecutor insisted that releasing Shiladitya would lead to a law and order problem but the magistrate would hear none of it.However, the Maoist tag still hangs heavy on the farmer who was once an ardent Didi admirer. A smiling Mamata picture once adorned Shiladitya's home in Nayagram, but his wife Khukumani tore it up in dismay the day he was arrested.Now at home after a fortnight in jail, Shiladitya has little to ask from his Didi. \"I am small fry. I request the government to drop the charges brought against me. I am disturbed with the humiliation I brought to my family and my village. My village has never seen a police van coming to arrest anyone. It remained peaceful even during the Maoist trouble. Nobody from my village indulged the Maoist-led village committees,\" Shiladitya said, cuddling his four-year-old boy.\"I was working in the field the day Didi came for the public meeting. Many from my village went to the rally. I went close to the dais, but did not break the security ring,\" he said.Shiladitya admits that he questioned Mamata at least five to six times while she was speaking. \"I was annoyed with the rising fertiliser prices. I wanted Didi to speak something about it, and on the plight of farmers. I shouted at the top of my voice. Didi said something on the microphone that I couldn't follow. Some policemen beckoned me from within the security zone. When I stepped into the security zone, they took me backstage,\" the farmer said.But what did police ask him? Shiladitya says he wasn't accused of hurting any policeman. \"They asked who I was. I told them my name. They asked if I was drunk. I told them that I never drink and neither does anyone in my family. They let me off after 15 minutes. I walked out from the back of the stage, and took a bus home,\" he said.The farmer didn't realise what he had done. \"As soon as I reached home my nephew Bappaditya asked me if I had said something in the meeting. He said he saw me on television. The next day some reporters came to my home,\" Shiladitya said.On August 10, while he was tilling his land, his nephew called him to say that someone was looking for him. \"It was afternoon and I could see a Sumo parked on the road. A policeman asked me to get into the vehicle. I was taken to Binpur police station. That is when I got worried. Three police officers grilled me for 15-20 minutes. They repeatedly asked me if I was a Maoist. I was trembling. I asked them why they thought so and wanted to know when they would let me go home. 'Not so fast,' they said. After five hours or so, they took me to Belpahari police station where I locked up for the night and taken to Jhargram court the next morning,\" he said.Shiladitya remembers trembling as he stood in the dock. \"The magistrate didn't ask me anything. I couldn't hear what he said. I was only told that I have to stay in jail for a fortnight. My heart broke. The police didn't allow my elder brother to see me at Belpahari police station. They didn't tell him that I was arrested. I hung my head in shame when my family came to meet me in jail the next day,\" he said.Shiladitya's neighbours, however, do not see anything to be ashamed of. \"What he said is true. No one can deny the rising fertiliser prices and the falling paddy prices. Last year we earned Rs 1,100 for a quintal of paddy, this time it is Rs 800 a quintal. Shiladitya has voiced our concern. What's wrong with it?\" said Tarun Das, a Nayagram farmer. \"How a person can be as a Maoist for expressing a genuine farmer concern,\" asked another farmer Asok Chowdhury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15710926", "title": "Special train to spray insecticides in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation, in association with Indian Railways, has started a one of its kind train named 'Mosquito Terminator'. A truck filled with insecticides will be mounted on a special wagon, which will move around the city to control dengue. It will pass through Sadar Bazar, Kishenganj, Sarai Rohilla, Nizamuddin, Lajpat Nagar, Safdarjung, and Patel Nagar and come back to New Delhi station in the evening.\"A large number of people live around the railway tracks, which act as mosquito breeding ground due to stagnant water and poor sanitation. So far, it was manually not possible to cover all the tracks; but with this new initiative, larvicides will be sprayed all over the city to control dengue,\" said South Delhi Mayor Savita Gupta.Mosquito Terminator will spray insecticides on September 7, 8, 21 and 22, and again on October 5 and 6.\"Slums have rampantly grown along the railway tracks in Delhi. These have become breeding grounds of mosquitoes. We are hopeful with the help of this special train we will bring down the dengue cases,\" said a Northern Railway spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15725014", "title": "More pocket pinch: No discount from chemists", "text": "KOLKATA: The next time when you visit your neighbourhood chemist with your monthly medicine list, be ready to be refused a discount. A three-month-old notice by the Bengal Chemists and Druggists Association (BCDA), banning shops from giving discounts, has put patients and their families at the receiving end.\"I have to buy medicines worth Rs 1,000 every month for my mother who is suffering from arthritis. Recently, even I was detected with gastro-intestinal problem and had to be hospitalized. I have been prescribed a lot of medicines and discounts would have helped reduce expenditure. I spend over Rs 1,500 on medicines,\" said Pratap Ganguly.Agumoni Das, a Nadia resident, has to spend Rs 500 a day for his 10-year-old grandson who is admitted to Medical College Hospital. People like Ganguly and Das benefited from the 5% to 10% discount that chemists generally give in Kolkata, but not any more.Though the move has been criticized by doctors, BCDA justified the ban saying the decision was taken to save the small medicine shops from the onslaught of large medicine supply chains. Medicine shop owners are divided.\"We are willing to give a small margin of discount to patients. We don't want to hurt customers, but if we defy the ban, we shall be fined by BCDA,\" said Dibakar Das, manager of a medicine shop near Medical College Hospital. BCDA members conceded that the association has decided to boycott seven big medicine shops across the city for giving discounts.Malay Bose of Narayan Pharmacy on College Street feels that the government should force medicine manufacturers to reduce the prices and set them at a reasonable rate.Meanwhile, Bengal branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA) - the largest association of state doctors - have opposed the move of BCDA. \"We have decided to hold a meeting with the BCDA officials to resolve the matter,\" said Santanu Sen, general secretary of IMA (Bengal).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15718016", "title": "BJP waiting for opportunity to resurrect itself in UP politics", "text": "LUCKNOW: The much-hyped chintan and manthan (thinking and regeneration) of the state unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party seems to have been fizzled out in the passage of time, as most of the party leaders either ducked questions pertaining to protest against drought or flood relief measures along with improper supply of fertilizers or diverted it to the farmers' protest in New Delhi on Monday.During the two-day chaintan baithak of the party held in Agra on August 5 and August 6, to chalk out a roadmap for the state BJP unit in view of the 2014 Lok Sabha election, around 200-odd state leaders had participated in it. Post-deliberation, the BJP leaders had claimed that part of that roadmap includes handing over of memorandum to respective district magistrates to protest against drought or flood relief measures as well as improper supply of fertilisers between August 8 and 14.A senior BJP leader when asked about the status of such protests said that he would have taken the details of party's participation if adequate time was given, while other BJP leader directed TOI to speak to the state BJP chief. Another BJP leader who preferred anonymity said that traders from UP will be taking part in protest against FDI on August 23, as farmers loyal to the party took part in August 20 protest in New Delhi.When asked, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi claimed that memoranda on the issue of drought, flood and fertilisers were given in at least 60% of the districts in the state and added that a huge protest on FDI will be held in New Delhi on August 23. Even if 60% of the districts stage protest, none were visible to masses, which could be gauged from Bajpayi's claims that a huge protest was held about two to three days back.The lukewarm response to these protests by the BJP workers and leaders alike is testimony to the fact that the claims of the party leaders continue to be just rhetoric.Interestingly this is at a time when the leaders had been claiming that the cadre was energised and confident after a huge win in mayoral elections, the first after Samajwadi Party won assembly election with majority. Not only this, the state party chief had also claimed that BJP cadre will now hit the roads and will be visible to masses.After Bajpayi took over the reins of the state BJP, it was assumed by the workers that the party will show more aggression and would prove to be a good opposition as the state BJP chief is known for his hardliner stand. The very attitude, a political pundit said was even visible during some initial days may be till mayoral election in the state. However, since then and especially after Agra chintan baithak, it seems that the party has neither been able to mobilise the cadre nor the leaders.It is not for the first time that the party has not been able to come true on its claim. State BJP chief after claiming to form the state working committee by July end, decided to wait till state BJP election scheduled in November are held. Similarly, party leaders had claimed that selection of district presidents would be held by secret ballot after membership drive. However, since then the party leaders have not been categorical on the claim and have been saying that selection of district chiefs would be as per the wishes of the party workers at district level.With talks of 2014 Lok Sabha election already on, its time for the party to turn its words into action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717624", "title": "JP International Centre to come up in Gomtinagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: After allocating over 300 acres of land for Janeshwar Mishra Park in Gomtinagar, the Lucknow Development Authority is all geared up with the draft blueprint of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's another dream project, Jai Prakash International Centre (JPIC).Proposed to come up in Vipin Khand area of Gomtinagar, the centre will comprise state of art facilities spread over an area of around 15 acre. One of the plans that the LDA is likely to put before UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav for his approval envisages an indoor sports complex, a restaurant and a guest house in addition to an auditorium and two seminar halls. The centre is also proposed to have a library and a museum.While LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey could not be contacted, sources said that the design has been approved by senior officials of LDA and would be put before the CM.According to LDA sources, the centre is proposed to be constructed on an operational and management model, whereby a private agency may be appointed for the purpose. \"However the model will be subjected to the decision of the CM,\" said a senior official. The state government is also likely to appoint a consultant for this purpose.While there is no official word on the total cost of the project, the SP government, after coming to power earlier this year, had announced the revival of the project and made a provision of Rs 20 crore in the annual budget. Interestingly, the UP Rajya Nirman Nigam in an undertaking before the Allahabad High Court in April this year said that the total cost of the project until 2010 was Rs 148.4347 crore. Going by this figure the cost of the project is likely to be around the same or may be more, as the new plan proposes even better facilities in the centre. Out of the sanctioned over Rs 148 crore, the Mulayam government in 2006 released only 50 crore. However, the project was pushed to the back burner soon after Mayawati stormed to power in 2007. And on March 5, 2010 out of Rs 50 crore, a sum of Rs 48 crore was seized vide a government order.Soon, the project was also taken away from RNN, even as Rs 48 crore deposited in the treasury. The project was later handed over to the LDA. Interestingly, the RNN spent Rs 2 crore of the total cost sanctioned for the project and a site office continued to exist until March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15712471", "title": "CSA extends Prasanna's contract", "text": "NAGPUR: The game of cricket has evolved in the last two decades. Unlike yesteryears, the support staff plays an important role in any team's success nowadays. Who can forget the contribution of John Wright and Gary Kirsten to Indian cricket? Kirsten has taken Team India to newer heights and now the South African is working with his national side. While South Africans have played major role in taking Indian cricket forward, it's the turn of their Indian counterparts to reciprocate. Tamil Nadu based Prasanna Agoram has been involved with the South African team as a performance analyst for the last couple of years. He has impressed the Proteas so much so that they have extended his contract till the 2015 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.\"It's great to be part of No. 1 team in the world. It's the hard work the whole team has put in. I am enjoying with the team. I am very much focused and enjoying my job right now as I am contracted till 2015 World Cup. It's great to have extended the bond,\" Prasanna told TOI from Cardiff on Saturday.When Hashim Amla acknowledged the dressing room after scoring a crucial ton in the Lord's Test, he actually thanked Prasanna for helping him out. \"It was just an acknowledgment of the amount of work he puts in,\" Amla, who normally celebrates quietly, told about his unusual celebration. \"He said something really inspirational to me before the series which is why I did it,\" Amla added.Amla finished the series with 482 runs and was declared the Man of the series. Call it luck or hard work put in by the duo, Amla has evolved as a batsman in the last couple of years since Prasanna joined the South African team management two years ago. Prasanna, who is also working with Royal Challengers Bangalore, has now become an integral part of the SA set up.It was his IPL stint that helped him earn the SA contract. \"There were a lot of South Africans in the RCB set up when I joined the franchise. Apart from coach Ray Jennings, Jacques Kallis , Dale Styen and Mark Boucher were also in the team. They spoke about me to CSA and Jennings arranged my meeting with the then coach Corrie van zyl, who in turn put me through team manager Dr Moosajee. That's how things materialised,\" he saidPrasanna has also worked with the National Cricket Academy (NCA) Bangalore, Karnataka Ranji Trophy team, Indian Hockey Federation and tennis star Rafael Nadal. But it's cricket he is passionate about. \"Cricket is very tough. Making a plan for every batsman and bowler; then monitoring the execution is a difficult task. Everyone comes to me when they need help. They trust me; respect me; rely on me. I don't want to point out on individuals here,\" he said.No wonder, their star bowler Morne Morkel wants Prasanna to be with the team forever. \"Hope he works with us till the 2015 World Cup where we can give him a South African passport and hold him permanently with us. He is a massive influence on all of us,\" Morkel said.Prasanna, however, gives credit to the whole team for success. \"It's a team effort. Gary is treating everyone with respect and gives freedom to all of us. He creates an unbelievable atmosphere in the dressing room. He smiles all the time and is positive in his approach. I need to mention the role of Paddy Upton here who is silently working and adding huge value for the team,\" Prasanna signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727691", "title": "Quota for student police cadets in police force soon", "text": "KOCHI: A certain percentage of vacancies to the posts of civil police officers and sub-inspectors will be reserved for student police cadets (SPC), said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Saturday.Inaugurating the second anniversary celebrations of the SPC at Kerala Fine Arts Hall, Chandy said since the service of SPCs was useful to the force, the government would study the possibilities of appointment them and take necessary action in this regard. \"The training imparted to student police cadets has made them law-abiding citizens. The government has decided to give grace marks to all cadets and is committed to encouraging the next generation of the state police,\" said the chief minister. He said the project had gained national recognition and that the Central government was planning to introduce similar schemes in other states. \"The importance and achievements of the project will be brought to the notice of the prime minister during his visit to Kochi next month,\" he said.Union minister of state for food ,K V Thomas inaugurated the second phase of the SPC programme which will be implemented in seven schools in the district.The function also saw the launch of the programme, 'Kerala against addiction', by excise and ports minister K Babu. It is aimed at creating awareness on the ill effects of liquor among students.Till now, 16,500 students from 234 schools have been given training under the SPC scheme.In the third year, the authorities will introduce the scheme in 100 more schools across the state.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan, food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob, DGP Jacob Punnoose, secretary of general education M Sivasankar, MLA Hibi Eden, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth and many other dignitaries were present on the occasion.Kochi: A certain percentage of vacancies will be reserved for student police cadets (SPC) in the police department during recruitment of civil police officers and sub inspectors, said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Saturday. The chief minister who was inaugurating the second anniversary celebrations of SPC at Kerala Fine Arts Hall said that since the service of SPCs is useful to the force, the government would study the possibilities of appointment and take necessary action in this regard.\"The training imparted to student police cadets has made them law-abiding citizens who are bringing in notable changes in their schools, homes and the society. The state government has also decided to give grace marks to all cadets and is committed to encourage the next generation of state police,\" chief minister said.The chief minister added that the project has got national recognition and the central government is planning to introduce the same in other states. \"The importance and achievements of the project will be brought to the notice of the prime minister during his visit to Kochi next month,\" he added.During the function the second phase of SPC programme in the district was inaugurated by union minister KV Thomas. In the second phase the project will be implemented in seven schools in the district. A drive against liquor among the students 'Kerala against addiction' was launched by excise and ports minister K Babu.Till now 16,500 students from 234 schools have been given training under the SPC scheme. In the third year, the authorities will introduce the scheme in 100 more schools across the state.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan, food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob, DGP Jacob Punnoose, secretary of general education M Sivasankar, Hibi Eden MLA, district collector PI Sheik Pareeth and other dignitaries were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15718042", "title": "'SP lacks willpower to fight graft'", "text": "LUCKNOW: State BJP spokesperson Rajendra Tiwari while reacting to the recommendations made by the UP Lokayukta to the state government for conducting an inquiry against former minister in the BSP government Naseemuddin Siddiqui either by CBI or enforcement directorate said that the SP government lacked political will to stamp out corruption. He said that the five-month old SP government had so far not taken a single concrete step against prevailing corruption in the state.\" Had the present government wanted, it could have initiated action against ministers in the Mayawati government on the basis of the Lokayukta's report,\" said Tiwari.He alleged that the SP government failed to take any action on a written complaint filed against Naseemuddin Siddiqui in the office of Lokayukta regarding Rs 2 lakh crore excise scam. tnn\"The scams committed during the BSP's rule have come to light, but the present government instead of taking any action against the guilty ministers is trying to protect them,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15711353", "title": "Central varsity will help state, says UR Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: UR Ananthamurthy, appointed the first chancellor of the Central University of Karnataka, Gulbarga by President Pranab Mukherjee , said the new university will be helpful to students from Karnataka as they needn't venture to New Delhi or far-off places.\"This is a different type of university set up in Karnataka which is known for its diversity and cosmopolitan culture. Students from the state will immensely benefit from it as it reduces the need to look outside,\" he told reporters.He said he'd like to use his experience as vice-chancellor of Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam in his new appointment. Asked about plans for starting new courses, he said he'd rather strengthen existing ones.S Chandrashekar, vice-chancellor of the university, said construction of infrastructure of the new university building is on and by January, the entire machinery will be shifted to the campus built at a cost of Rs 193 crore. He added that 40% of faculty and 80% of non-teaching staff are locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15725294", "title": "Radio controlled racers", "text": "In a city that leads a flamboyant and ostentatious lifestyle, there are not too many who live out their unique passions king-size, on the streets. But, rare as they come, there are a few Ludhianvis who have been spending their time and money on a hobby that relies heavily on adrenaline rush and adventure.The Punjab RC (radio controlled) Racing Club, set up by an enterprising Harkirat Ryait in 2010, is one such initiative that brings together its members every Sunday to indulge in competitive RC vehicle racings. The wheels that appear for the Sunday jams include cars, trucks, jeeps and even airplanes.\"I visited Philadelphia, US in 2010 during vacations and came across an RC vehicle in a hobby store. Impressed with its features, I immediately bought a kit for Rs 45,000, which had to be assembled,\" says Harkirat, who was an engineering student then.Upon his return and ready with his RC car, Harkirat started looking for others who shared his excitement. \"I met like-minded people and we formed this club, which is open to even those who do not own an RC vehicle, but have an interest in the concept,\" he says, adding, the club has a total of 25 members today. Having completed his engineering, this young BRS Nagar resident assists his father in the family business.Most of the club members are in their twenties. \"We keep a track of what is happening in the world of RC vehicles by reading books and surfing internet,\" says Harkirat. Model Town resident Ravi Kular, a club member, says being a part of this club is refreshing and addictive. \"We can experiment with RC vehicles and see which ones succeed. The successful methods can then be tested on our vehicles,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15757481", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad College of Engineering organises industry institute interaction meet", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad College of Engineering (PCCOE) Pune is organising the \"\"PCCOE Industry Institute Interaction Meet - 2012\"\" here on August 30. The event is being organised in association with University of Pune (Board of Student Welfare).According to the organisers, training placement officers and human resources professionals from across Maharashtra are expected to attend the meet which will start at 11 am at PCCOE, Nigdi.Prof. Shitalkumar Rawandale, President, Federation of Training Placement Officers (FTPO) and dean, industry institute interaction cell, said that the points that will be discussed during the event include, impact of current economic scenario on campus recruitment in 2012-13, expectations of industry from institutes and how they can groom the students to meet industry expectations, career graph of graduate engineer in industry, expectations of institutes from industry and role of the human resources manager in bridging the gap between industry and institutes. A panel discussion will also be held.The organisers said that there is no registration fees to attend the event. Dr A M Fulambarkar, principal PCCOE has appealed HR professionals and training placement officers to participate in the meet.Milind Mutalik, director of Synechron Technologies will be the chief guest for the event, while D. P. Landge, chairman, Pimpri Chinchwad education trust , will be the guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15714046", "title": "'Society has still not learnt to give an artist his due'", "text": "In a narrow bylane in bustling Gandhibag area, a multi-storey house amid the slums is home to an illustrious Nagpurian. Eighty-year-old Arun Morghade resides here. Sitting in his living room which has walls painted in purple and orange colour, the artist says that he has the wealth of the world with him. \"More than fifty students of art trained by me are famous artists today in the country and outside too. The city loves me and recognizes my talent. What more can I want?\"Known for his sketches and portraits, he flaunts innumerable canvasses painted in light pastel shades. \"I have painted illustrious faces like those of Shriram Lagoo, Amol Palekar , Gangadhar Gadgil among others and I am equally comfortable with abstracts and paintings inspired by poems.\" he beams.Deriding the commercial trends prevailing in his field, he adds, \"An artist should never paint for money. Then you end up painting what your customer wants you to. Real art is an inner expression of an artist's emotions, nobody can dictate them.\" This also explains the many art works that are lying in his home. \"These are my expressions. There will be a buyer for them if he too connects with it,\" says Morghade.Propelled by his love for travelling, he has traversed the jungles of Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra on a puny scooter searching for inspiration. \"I am very fond of tribal people and have travelled extensively in Jagdalpur and Gadchiroli to paint the tribals and tribal life. I have even travelled around Rajasthan. Now one desire left is to see Gujarat,\" he says.Turning forlorn, he shares his feelings, \"The society has still not learnt to give an artist his due. But I don't crave for money. Life has shown me too many tragedies. I have lost many near and dear ones. I have not stepped into my studio which is nearby since my wife died five years back. She was uneducated, but had loads of inner strength. I worshipped her as Swaraswati.\"But he bounces back with a chirpy, \"Main zindagi ka saath nibhata chala gaya. Whatever life brings my way, I accept,\" he adds.On the observation that nowadays even professionals from other fields are indulging themselves and holding art exhibitions, then why doesn't he do so, he says, \"Their work lacks depth. Art emerges from struggle. Only then will it have honesty and character.\" Finally, he shares his plans of holding exhibitions in Delhi, Pune and Rajasthan in the near future. \"All my life I have lived in poverty. I won the first cash prize of my life in 70s with a painting done with colours used for painting Ganpati idols. Let's see what these exhibitions get for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15731373", "title": "Four dead as roof of 120-yr-old Mysore building crashes", "text": "MYSORE: Four persons were killed when a part of the roof of the 120-yearold Lansdowne Building, a landmark of the Heritage City, collapsed after heavy rain on Saturday evening. The deceased included Annapurna, who had secured a postgraduate gold medal. Eyewitnesses said a part of the roof of the building, which houses shops, came crashing down on people working in shops beneath. It took police and firefighters more than three hours to extricate the four bodies from the rubble.Jnanaprakash (40), his brother Anand (43), Lokesh Nayak (28), a customer , and Annapurna, a DTP operator, were buried alive at Jnanaprakash's DTP centre when the roof of the building , a victim of neglect, caved in. Police said the roof of the first-floor shop where an engineer runs a consultancy collapsed at 6.20pm., impacting Jnanaprakash's shop underneath.Caught in a crossfire between the Mysore City Corporation and the tenants over rent and repair, Lansdowne Building is crying for upkeep. MCC is still awaiting funds from the Centre to conserve the building and several other architectural marvels.Firefighters had a tough time as they didn't have enough equipment and men to take up rescue work. Had more people been trapped under the debris, the situation could have been worse. It's high time Mysore got a rescue team dedicated to handle such situations.The tragedy occurred in the evening when a power cut was on. This affected the pace of rescue work as firefighters could not reach the site fast. The scene was full of rubble. A large number of people gathered at the spot and helped in the rescue work.Fearing that nearby buildings might be affected , police evacuated people residing in them. Construction workers were roped in to break concrete and pull out those trapped, a senior police official said.Initially, police and firemen feared 10 persons had been trapped. But once the debris was cleared, only four bodies were found.Heavy rain lashing Mysore for the past three days had probably weakened the roof of the building, a landmark in the heart of the city, police said.The casualties would have been higher had engineer Natesh, who runs a consultancy on the first floor, not left his office early. Police said Natesh left his shop at 6pm, minutes before his office collapsed.Police and rescue teams that rushed in wasted no time in taking up operations. Bulldozers and dredging machines were moved to the spot to clear the debris.Police commissioner KL Sudheer, who reached the spot along with his men, closed all the shops in the building and cordoned off the busy road opposite the city bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718193", "title": "Freedom from walls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bound within the limits of walls, is the conventional idea of a home. And defying this, Ashok Purohit, a city-based multiplex owner, has built his house as fragments - scattered around a huge lawn - breaking spaces out of the 'four' walls of a home. The house is constructed within the premises of his multiplex.\"The idea sounded uncanny even to my family,\" says Purohit, who is a recently retired architect. \"However, this would be my retirement home, so I wanted it 'very' close to my new workplace.\"Though there are multiple entry points to the house - which has six drawing rooms distributed around the complex - the main entry is through the front lawns. \"The glass room on the front lawns is my favourite room to receive friends and hold small parties,\" says Purohit. \"It doesn't disturb the domesticity of my inner quarters.\"The inner quarters - kitchen, dining, a luxurious bedroom and a formal drawing room - happens to be built under the auditorium of the multiplex. A pavilion-like structure occupies the farthest corner of the lawns. Within a water pool with fountains, is an open mandapa, beside two identical rooms. \"Inspired by Saheliyo ki badi, I built this structure during my daughter's wedding,\" says Purohit. \"Now it has been redone with two bedrooms, for my daughters who often come to stay with me.\"Each new addition was put in place according to a new need. When Purohit's grandchildren insisted on having a tree house, Purohit built his latest addition - a wooden cabin around the trees on stilts. There is a constant flow of visiting artists into Purohit's house. For them, guest rooms have been incorporated within the multiplex itself, along with some work or practice spaces and lounge areas, which are all connected through a labyrinth of passages. For artists seeking solitude, Purohit has built studio spaces under the amphitheatre, hidden behind blades of the tall lilies and bougainvilleas.Currently, Purohit is constructing his seventh addition - a sculptural studio with another open-air 'drawing room'. \"I want to welcome my guests at seven different places on each day of the week,\" says Purohit. Other than luxury and extravaganza, the house is a demonstration of how 'growing' is inevitable to space making. Moreover, the house celebrates Purohit's free spirit and his taste for fine living.The Aha Moment!Two sides of the lounge have 7 feet tall built-in aquariums, in which innumerable fish swim amid the soft ripples of water. The lounge also has complementary mirrors and recalls an extravagant Bollywood set. This is where Purohit, who is fond of music and art, treats his guest artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711969", "title": "South Central Railway denies trains came close to collision", "text": "HYDERABAD: South Central Railway (SCR) suspended two drivers and the supervisor of Rajdhani Express on Saturday, for jumping the red signal near Adoni in Kurnool district on Friday.However, the SCR has denied that Rajdhani Express and Duronto Express trains came close to the point of collision and that a major mishap was averted when Rajdhani Express overshot the red signal at Adoni station in the early hours of Friday.An SCR spokesperson said Rajdhani Express driver overshot the red signal by two bogies length only and added that it was well within the safety margin.\"Even in a hypothetical situation of the train travelling more distance beyond the signal, it would have come to a halt at the sand hump available on the same track line which is normally provided as a systemic safety measure at the railway stations,\" the spokesperson said.The South Central Railway (SCR) also claimed that there was no scope whatsoever, for a possible collision of Rajdhani Express with the Duronto Express coming in the opposite direction.\"There was absolutely no chance for such a scenario as Rajdhani Express was received on track line no. 3 while Duronto Express was smoothly passing through on track line no. 2 at Adoni station,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15746136", "title": "So, who\u2019s the youth?", "text": "As the government mulls a move to cap the upper age limit of the youth at 30, Purvaja Sawant asks Indians what the term means to them...The Indian government has recently drafted a proposal to cap the age of the 'youth' at 30 \u2014 scaling it down from its previous upper limit of 35. In an age, where almost every product and idea under the sun is sold to people with the promise to make them feel young, no matter what their age, 'youth' is a touchy subject. It does not have one clear definition. So, even as the Ministry of Youth Affairs revises the policy, we let a few Indians do the talking...Richa Chaddha, ActressI think of youth as the phase, where you get the licence to do a lot of things. With globalisation and exposure to satellite television, the definition of youth in India has changed over the past decade. We have young urban teenagers, who are independent and sexually active co-existing with the larger chunk of the Indian population, who lives with their parents even in their 30s and 40s. So, I think 'youth' is a very relative term.Samit Basu, authorWhen I think of the term 'youth', I immediately think of a young 20-something. For me, it's more about a biological age. Youth is something that should be classified by specific numbers. I know a lot of people say that age is just a number and anyone who is young at heart should be considered young, but that's only a definition formed by people in their 30s and 40s to make them feel good about themselves!Pooja Bedi , actress/socialiteI've seen people in their 20s who are jaded, while those in their 40s who are vibrant, energetic and adventurous. So, how can you call just the former lot 'youth'? Thanks to advancement in medical sciences, people are living longer, and we can easily term people who are 30 as young \u2014 as they are fit and in the prime of their lives. If you ask me, 40s is the new 20s.Shiv Visvanathan, sociologistYouth in our country falls under a very ambiguous category. It's a phase between childhood and adulthood. But interestingly, youth overlaps both these categories and hence its classification is a blur. It is a lifestyle category, whose description is based on academics and career choices. For example, if you just do your graduation and start working, by the time you are 30, you are well settled in life and can hardly be termed youth. But if you choose to do your PhD, you will be studying till 29-30, and then start a career. If so, you fall into the 'youth' category. Sociologically speaking, youth is a misnomer \u2014 you can't define it because it depends on your lifestyle. And in India, which is such a diverse country, with youngsters belonging to different social and economic backgrounds, it's difficult to have just one definition.Santosh Desai, social commentator/admanYouth is that stage in life where we are still trying to figure out who we are and what we want to achieve \u2014 all this without being burdened with any real responsibilities. That's the primary way of describing youth. But that definition has got blurred today with politicians and Bollywood stars well into their mid-40s being considered young and in the prime of their careers. Come to think of it, the people who belong to the liberalisation generation are all in their 40s and 50s, so you can't narrow down the definition of youth to just a 20-something.Rahul Da Cunha, admanYouth is something that you've got to feel. After all, it's just a state of mind. I believe a youth is someone who has a fresh outlook towards life. You can have an oldfashioned 20-year-old or a 50-year-old with a young mind-set. In fact, a 20-year-old has more problems and issues than a 50-year-old. But having said that, when it comes to advertising, when we consider a target audience for youth, it is the age group of 18-25 years \u2014 it helps sell the product.Anuja Chauhan, writer You can be called a youth if you do not romanticise and idolise about the term 'youth' all the time. Those who are obsessed about their age cannot be called young. The real youth is the age group where one doesn't care about aging. When you start idolising and appreciating this whole concept of 'I'm always young, no matter what age', you can be sure you've waned past your youthfulness!Tarana Raja Kapoor, RJFor me, youth is a phase where one's naive, immature and still trying to figure out his direction. It's the age where you struggle in life \u2014 be it finding the right job, gaining experience, etc. I describe youth as pimply-faced teenagers!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15717350", "title": "Cows dying of polythene poisoning", "text": "GURGAON: Every month over a dozen sick cows suffering from infection after eating polythene are admitted to the MCG Gaushala (cow shelter) in the old city.The two-year-old cow shelter, spread across 8.5 acres land, is home to over 800 cows mostly abandoned when they contract diseases or get infected or become disabled in an accident. The owners of the cows seldom come to the MCG shelter that is located in Carterpuri area.\"The shelter is providing medical treatment to all the stray cattle found in the area. A large number of the cows are either suffering from infection, disease or are pregnant,\" said the manager of the cow shelter. The stray cows feed on the left-over garbage in and around colonies both in new and old Gurgaon and eat polythene which is fatal. \"It takes prolonged treatment to bring such cows back to normal. The shelter has a team of doctors who work round the clock,\" said the manager.The shelter has 30 caretakers, one supervisor, one manager, four guards, three doctors, three gardeners, an accountant, an electrician and a plumber. To ensure that any deadly infection doesn't spread from the diseased animal, the shelter has six different sections where cows are kept. Each enclosure has facilities like fan, light and drinking water for the cows, especially those which are pregnant and those which are suffering from diseases.Even after the best efforts of the doctors, the cows take a long time to recover. The shelter is in touch with an NGO and volunteers to bring the abandoned cows.The newly arrived cows, are first isolated to avoid contagious infections, de-wormed, vaccinated and then are designated with a diet chart for a speedy recovery. On being asked what happens when cows are fit and healthy, the manager said: \"The cows are gifted to people with the right credentials and who are serious about caring for the cows.\"The shelter also prepares organic manure which is sold in the open market. Last month 60 tonnes of organic manure was sold for Rs 2 lakh which would be spent on the shelter. To expand its reach the shelter is now planning to procure an ambulance to ferry injured and abandoned cows from faraway areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15709946", "title": "Airport health centre flooded, screening hit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Emergency health services at IGI Airport have come to a halt due to heavy rain and waterlogging in and around Airport Health Organisation (APHO), a specialized health centre run by the health and family welfare ministry to screen international passengers for deadly diseases like yellow fever and quarantine all suspected cases.The centre is submerged in knee-deep water for the past four days and health officials said no passengers were able to come for treatment or check-up. \"Two Zambians who were brought here on Saturday for quarantining since they did not have certificate for yellow fever vaccination have to live in darkness surrounded by dirty water. They are threatening to move out if adequate arrangement for electricity, food and safe drinking water is not made immediately,\" said an official posted at the centre.He said power supply to the centre was snapped on Saturday to avoid a short-circuit after the rainwater reached the electric panel.\"APHO is also the international vaccination centre of the Government of India for yellow fever vaccination. Due to waterlogging, many people flying to South Africa and other countries are not able to get themselves vaccinated. There is also a risk of cold chain of yellow fever vaccine stored here getting disturbed due to electricity shutdown,\" a source said. He claimed that the authorities had been informed about the problem but no action had been taken yet.The spokesperson of the IGI operator, Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL), stated that over the past five years, it had repeatedly talked to the civic agencies about uncontrolled sewage water and storm-water drains inside the IGI boundary but to no avail. \"We have written to National Highways Authority of India, DJB and MCD. But no concrete action has been taken to control and stop the sewage and storm-water discharge near Mahipalpur Chowk where APHO is situated,\" he said.He said the corporation had not built any appropriate drainage to manage the storm water. \"Due to such discharge of sewage water, the possibility of bird movements in the vicinity of IGI also increases.\" But the corporation said the area did not fall in its jurisdiction.\"APHO has 60 beds. It's meant to attend to flight emergencies, too. What will happen if any disaster takes place?\" asked a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15745656", "title": "Adnan Sami takes wife to her dream city", "text": "It was a pact between singer Adnan Sami, his wife the Afghani-German Roya Fariyabi and God. That as soon as Adnan's legal troubles with his second wife Sabah were over he would take his wife to the city of her dreams where they would initiate the process of parenthood.Speaking from the chosen city Paris Adnan says, \"We have waited long for parenthood. We wanted our child to be born after we freed the world around our lives from the stress that Roya and I have been facing incessantly. I think the clouds have now lifted and Roya and I are ready for a baby. We're here in Paris for a belated honeymoon.\"Paris is a city that Adnan waited to visit with the love of his life. \"Strange that I've gone to nearly every part of the world but avoided Paris. I wanted to come to my dream city Paris for the first time with my dream woman. You won't believe this but Roya too made a conscious effort not to visit her dream city Paris until she was with the man she wanted to spend her life with. I think we've both found the reason to be in our dream city.\"However Adnan and his wife do not wish to visit the touristic spots in Paris. \"Both my wife and I find climbing the Eiffel Tower a boring thought. We've come to see the low life in Paris. The bylanes, the underground clubs, the unlicensed pubs, the brawls in the back alleys...We want to experience Paris from the streets.\"After a week in Paris\u2014and hopefully with a baby on the way\u2014Adnan heads to Oslo for a concert. Says Adnan, \"If Roya gets pregnant, I will announce it on stage at my Oslo concert.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15736712", "title": "Veteran actor AK Hangal passes away", "text": "Veteran actor AK Hangal, who was admitted to the Asha Parekh hospital in Santa Cruz, almost a week back, has passed away. He was 97 years old. Hangal was admitted to the Asha Parekh Hospital in Santacruz on August 16, after he slipped and fell in his bathroom on August 14, fracturing his right femur (thigh) bone.Initially, he was examined at home and put on medicines. However, later, he was shifted to the hospital's ICU and put on ventilator support as his condition deteriorated.Hangal, who had been in and out of hospital with a history of pulmonary tuberculosis , chronic kidney disease and hypertension, needed to be operated however the doctors felt he was unfit to go under the knife.The yesteryear actor, who has acted in over 225 films, is best known for character roles in films like Namak Haram, Sholay, Shaukeen, Aaina, Bawarchi and others.Not so long ago, the 97-year-old actor had told TOI, \"I have lived my life on the sets. And it was exciting to go back to one.\" Hangal was reliving his experience of shooting for a new television show titled Madhubala after a gap of seven years. This picture was taken on the sets. He had reached the sets on a wheelchair and wasn't sure he'd be able to handle the shoot physically. However, once the cameras started rolling, there was no stopping the actor within.AK Hangal started his Hindi film career at the very late age of 50 with Basu Bhattacharya's Teesri Kasam in 1966 and Shagird , and went on to play as the man of principles playing the on-screen father or uncle of the leading men/women in the films in the 70's 80's 90's or sometimes the quintessential meek and oppressed old man. His pivotal roles in the films like Namak Haraam, Shaukeen (1981), Sholay, Aaina (1977), Avtaar, Arjun, Aandhi, Tapasya, Kora Kagaz, Bawarchi, Chhupa Rustam, Chitchor, Balika Badhu, Guddi, Naram Garam are considered to be among his best. He, as a character actor, always was part of the most of the films with Rajesh Khanna as the lead hero like Aap Ki Kasam, Amar Deep, Naukri, Prem Bandhan, Thodisi Bewafaii, Phir Wohi Raat, Kudrat, Aaj Ka M.L.A. Ram Avtar, Bewafai till Sautela Bhai in 1996. His best performances in his later years was in Shararat (2002) his character roles in Tere Mere Sapne (1997) and Lagaan .A K Hangal is survived by one son and was in a dire strait before the film industry chipped in with funds after news of the veteran actor's failing health broke out last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15722613", "title": "'Cops targeting BJP leaders'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Local Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders and party workers have flayed the district authorities and police for targeting party leaders who tried to raise the issue of recent attack on shopkeepers in Chowk area by a mob.Issuing a statement on Saturday, senior Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) leader Shashank Shekhar Pandey said that instead of arresting those involved in the incidents of vandalism and rioting the district police was targeting BJP leaders framing them in false cases.He said that the district administration is trying to disturb the peace of the city by victimising BJP leaders and blamed the Samajwadi Party(SP) leaders and local MLA for the incident which took place on August 17 this year. Had the procession been stopped at its originating point at Kareli the situation would have been different.On the other hand a delegation of BJP leaders under the leadership of city convenor, Shashi Varshney met the divisional commssioner and handed over a memorandum drawing his attention towards victimisation of BJP leaders by the local police.They also apprised the commissioner about midnight raids being conducted by the local police at the houses of BJP leaders while it has failed to act against those responsible for the incidents of attack on shopkeepers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15721775", "title": "Harry's 'partners-in-crime' offer to sell story for $250k", "text": "LONDON: Prince Harry faces more humiliation following the nude photo scandal, as the two girls with whom he had romped naked in Las Vegas have offered to sell their stories for $250,000.Both the girls have promised a full account of the 'strip pool' party in the luxury Las Vegas hotel suite, that led to nude pictures of the 27-year-old royal being leaked on the web, the Daily Express reported.And the pair is also trying to entice buyers by promising to reveal another \"Royal souvenir\" from the bash. It is not clear, if the girls are claiming to have more compromising photographs of the prince, or some other memento from the night.The two had been among the four 'hot chicks' who ended up in Harry's room.According to reports, TMZ.com paid only $10,000 for the first two grainy pictures which emerged earlier this week.But a senior executive at one major US publication said of the party girls, \"I understand the $250,000 price tag is just for opening bids. They are hoping to walk away with a casino-sized jackpot from this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720926", "title": "Jaya slams training for Sri Lankan officers", "text": "CHENNAI: Slamming the Centre for its 'reprehensible attitude' in allowing two Sri Lankan defence personnel to undergo training in the state, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday reiterated her stance and demanded that they be sent back to their country The defence ministry reacted quickly and said it was considering the Tamil Nadu chief minister's demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716828", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation drive to recover property tax dues", "text": "PUNE: The tax department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has launched a drive to recover property tax dues.As part of the drive, the PMC has collected dues worth Rs 5 crore over the last few days from property holders across the city.In a press statement issued by the tax department, deputy commissioner Hemant Nikam said the department will form 10 squads to recover dues.\"Those who have not paid property tax should immediately contact the tax department to avoid action, which will include attaching properties,\" said the press statement.Property tax is the tax charged on immovable or tangible real property, such as land, buildings and permanent improvements. Based on assessments, all property holders are expected to pay the tax. PMC assesses all residential and commercial properties situated within its limits. Property tax may also include basic house/building tax plus service taxes such as street tax, and conservancy/scavenging tax. It is collected either half yearly or annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15753186", "title": "AK Hangal had no mediclaim: Vijay Hangal", "text": "The Indian film fraternity is mourning the sad demise of legendary actor A K Hangal, who made an immense contribution to Indian cinema.In times of need Bollywood is known to support its members. A K Hangal too received help as many celebs came to his rescue when the veteran actor faced financial woes.\"My father was a very simple man, he didn't involve in any kind of politics in the industry. There were many people from the industry, who helped me as he went through financial crisis. However, I feel that he never saved money or invested in mediclaim facilities and that's why he went through financial crunch,\" said Vijay Hangal.Vijay was touched with the gesture as family and friends were present during Hangal's last rites. \"I don't remember all the people, who attended his last rites. However, all of them who loved him came there too see him for the last time. Also, I am very happy as what else I could have expected,\" concluded Vijay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15710467", "title": "3 looters nabbed", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Saturday arrested three persons in connection with three incidents of loots reported in Arera Colony and Shahpura area in the recent past. Valuables worth around Rs l one lakh have also been recovered from them.SP south Anshuman Singh said \"The three accused have been identified as Sohan Singh, Ram Prasad and Madho Singh. Two gold chains, a mobile phone and a bike of Sohan, which the three used for committing loots, have been recovered from them,\" he added.Investigations started when the police got an information that a person is trying to sell a gold chain. Subsequently, a joint team of crime branch, Habibganj and Shahpura police swung into action and nabbed Sohan Singh.He broke down during interrogation and revealed names of his two accomplices, Ram Prasad and Madho Singh who in turn were also arrested soon, Singh added.The three have admitted to their involvement in the three incidents. It included the one occurred on June 21 wherein a bike-borne person was overpowered and robbed of Rs 10,000 cash and a mobile phone near Vishnu high-tech city.The second loot was reported on August 2, in which a woman was relieved of her gold chain in Arera Colony. The third incident took place when gold chain of a woman was snatched near 10 No. bus stop on August 8.The police hope to solve more cases of similar nature from the trio as interrogations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15711295", "title": "Panel to look into G-category allotment", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Saturday ordered for a committee comprising two retired HC judges and a retired senior official to look into site allotments by BDA under G-category.A division bench comprising Justices KL Manjunath and Vegi Suri Appa Rao, following the judgments of Supreme Court as well Punjab &amp; Haryana high courts in similar circumstances, directed the state government to constitute the committee in two weeks. The committee will get four months to look into each of the 316 allotments that were challenged in two PILs, filed by city advocate S Vasudeva.The allotments refer to the time when HD Kumaraswamy and successor BS Yeddyurappa were chief ministers. The bench observed that in case the allotted site is vacant and the applicant is ineligible even under regular allotment process, the sites have to be returned to BDA.If any construction takes place on the site or any third party rights are created by way of alienation, the original allottee has to pay BDA twice the prevailing guidance value (at the time of allotment) to save the allotment. Those allottees, who are otherwise eligible under regular allotment process if not under G-category, will have their allotment stands safe.The bench noted that even under BDA Act or site allotment rules there is no definition/explanation with regards to 'persons in public life'. Thus, the site allotment is illegal.The government informed the court that since the issue of circular dated August 6, 1997, 1,128 sites have been allotted under G-category in 14 years. These allotments have been made to MLAs, MLCs, MPs (past and present), former ministers, actors, sportspersons, freedom fighters, people serving in CM's office.Additional advocate general KM Nataraj, appearing on behalf of the government, promised to extend all support to the committee and provide infrastructure. The allottees will be notified through a publication.He has sought for a direction to the state government to supersede the BBMP in terms of Section 99 and 101 of the KMC ct 1976 by appointing the administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15720260", "title": "Karnataka deputy CM, DGP tries to boost morale of northeast Indians", "text": "GUWAHATI: People from the northeast who left Bangalore following rumours should take heart from Karnataka police chief Lalrokhuma Pachau, who belongs to Mizoram.\"I am from the northeast and this should be the biggest morale booster for those who left Bangalore to return and resume their work and studies,\" said Pachau.Karnataka deputy chief minister R Ashoka, Pachau and IGP (internal security) Bhaskar Rao were in Guwahati on Saturday. They met about 100-odd Assamese youth who left Bangalore and asked them to return. \"I will be at the railway station to receive you when you return to Bangalore,\" said Ashoka.The team will visit Manipur on Sunday. Addressing the youth, Pachau said, \"I appeal to you (northeast residents) to return to Bangalore. If you face any problem, come to my office or residence.\"There are 3.5 lakh NE people in Karnataka, of which 2.5 lakh live in Bangalore. At least 34,627 people from the northeast left Bangalore during the recent exodus. Most of them belong to Assam. There are also people from Nagaland.Ashoka met Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and discussed security arrangements for the safety of NE people in Bangalore.Assam government has arranged a special train to take NE people back to Bangalore from September 1. The state government would also facilitate reservation of tickets in other trains.\"I have come to Guwahati to take all of you back to Bangalore. It is as much your city as anyone else's,\" said Ashoka.The youth applauded and said they would resume work in Bangalore. \"After returning to my home at Golaghat in Assam, I was restless to go back. I was not confident though. Now that the deputy CM has come to my state and seems eager to take us back to Bangalore, I want to resume work,\" said Kushal.Examinations in Karnataka's major educational institutions were postponed for NE students who left Bangalore in panic, said Ashoka. \"Companies and hotels where NE people worked are ready to take them back once they reach Bangalore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15710283", "title": "Volterra for feature", "text": "PUNE: Prestigious Threptin Fillies' &amp; Mares' Stakes (Grade 3), the feature event of the Sunday's Pune races, seems restricted between Pesi Shroff's two fillies, Alma Mater and Volterra. Both have been doing well during the morning workouts but the eight-and-half-kilos advantage puts Volterra in good position to win this one.There are 10 races on Sunday and the first will start at 12.30 pm.Selections:1. Sonalika Plate-Div-I (1200m): Springbank 1, Blush 2. 2. Sans Pareil Plate (1400m): Scarlatti 1, Commander 2. 3. The Raphaela Plate (1400m): Stromboli 1, Sugar Loaf 2. 4. Gamble For Love Trophy (1000m): Elena 1, Saints N Sinners 2. 5. Dr. P K Sardeshmukh Maharaj Trophy-Div-I (1000m): Good Looking 1, Charlie Cool 2. 6. Dr. P K Sardeshmukh Maharaj Trophy-Div-II (1000m): Capitano 1, Hurricane Bird 2.7. Gruezi Plate-Div-I (1200m): Kerrisdale 1, She's Sweet 2. 8. Threptin Fillies' &amp; Mares' Stakes (Grade 3) 1800m: Volterra 1, Alma Mater 2. 9. Gruezi Plate-Div-II (1200m): Colours Flying 1, Al Attaturk 2. 10. Sonalika Plate-Div-II (1200m): Star Storm 1, Machala 2. Day's best: Elena.Spirit Of Mercy prevailsSayeed Shah-trained Spirit Of Mercy easily beat White Knight to claim the Rajaram Chhatrapati Trophy, the feature event of the Saturday's Pune Races.Results with Mumbai/Pune dividends1. Golfing Plate (1600m): Mighty King 1, Cheponski 2. 1-3/4, 1-3/4, 1-1/2. T:1:40.42. Tote: Rs 27; 16, 20. Shp: 37; Fc: 53; Q: 29; T: 435 &amp; 146.2. Accademia Plate (2000m): Apache Indian 1, Westerlie 2. Shd, 1-3/4, 1/2. T:2:11.04. Tote: Rs 389; 44, 10, 17. Shp: 24; Fc: 1243; Q: 1588; T: c/f and 8710.3. Kilshannig Plate (2000m): Neath 1, Cypress Point 2. 2-1/2, 4-1/4, 8. T:2:07.90. Tote: Rs 21; 13, 17. Shp: 30; Fc: 47; Q: 22; T: 43 and 23.4. Nana Raghunath Trophy (1200m): Rosalind 1, Scorch 2. 1/2, 1, 2-3/4. T:1:11.46. Tote: Rs 12; 11, 15, 14. Shp: 39; Fc: 29; Q: 42; T: 70 and 33.5. Ascot Lass Plate (1400m): Limitless Hills 1, Rebecca 2. 3-1/4, 3/4, shd. T:1:25.06. Tote: Rs 57; 18, 14, 16. Shp: 48; Fc: 192; Q: 117; T: 399 and 157.6. Rajaram Chhatrapati Trophy (1800m): Spirit Of Mercy 1, White Knight 2. 1-1/4, 1/2, 1. T:1:56.76. Tote: Rs 30; 14, 27. Shp: 44; Fc: 130; Q: 72; T: 159 and 49.7. Cacophony Plate (1000m): Winter Wind 1, Matrioshka 2. 1-1/2, 5-3/4, nk. T:1:00.40. Tote: Rs 13; 11, 24, 54; Shp: 70; Fc: 47; Q: 53; T: 666 and 422.8. Aerobica Plate (1200m): Encore 1, Pronto Star 2. 3/4, nk, 1-1/4. T:1:12.47. Tote: Rs 56; 19, 17, 20; Shp: 52; Fc: 178; Q: 163; T: 1077 and 622.Jackpot: 70% Rs 1246 (248) &amp; 30% 76 (1737); Super Jackpot: 70% 1038 (80) &amp; 30% 71 (498); 1st Treble: 124 (73); 2nd Treble: 169 (154).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15709900", "title": "Shower brings down deficit to 16%, more rain this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the monsoon active over large parts of northwest India, heavy showers continued in the capital for the fourth consecutive day. The city recorded 24.6mm rainfall till 5.30pm. Met officials say rainfall is expected to decrease over the northern plains for a couple of days but will pick up again in the coming week.Delhi's maximum temperature was 29 degrees Celsius, five degrees below normal, while the minimum was 25.5 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. Mungeshpur recorded the highest rainfall in the city with 68mm, followed by Narela with 56mm and Ridge with 36.7mm rainfall.\"Because of the oscillation of the monsoon trough and a cyclonic circulation, northwest India has been getting good rainfall. In fact, its deficit is down to 16%. Widespread rain is expected to continue in the western Himalayan region, Haryana, Delhi, Chandigarh, Punjab, east Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh till Tuesday though there may be a decrease in activity for a short duration in the plains. Another low-pressure area is forming over the Bay of Bengal which will bring more rain,\" said a Met official.Strangely, though Met eventually denied issuing any such warning, the Delhi high court was evacuated on Saturday due to threat of a cloudburst.Sources said the National Disaster Management Authority issued the alert for Saturday afternoon and the court premises were evacuated around 3.30pm.Acting on the alert, the high court also directed the trial courts to take necessary steps. A programme on human trafficking, to be held on Sunday, has been postponed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15748886", "title": "BCCI announces Rs 20 lakh cash prize for India Under-19 squad", "text": "MUMBAI: The BCCI on Sunday announced a cash prize of Rs 20 lakh each for members of the Indian team which lifted its third Under-19 World Cup title in Townsville after defeating defending champions Australia.BCCI President N Srinivasan congratulated the team, which was led superbly by unbeaten centurion skipper Unmukt Chand in the final against the defending champions.Chand led from the front with a magnificent 111 as the Indian colts beat Australia by six wickets.\"Many congratulations to the Indian team for winning the ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. We won the 'senior' World Cup last year, and now our boys have triumphed in the junior version of the tournament.This is a great day for Indian cricket. The Board would like to announce a cash prize of Rs 20 lakh to each player, and Rs 15 lakh to each member of the support staff,\" Srinivasan said in a statement.This was India U-19s first triumph after Mohammed Kaif and Virat Kohli led their respective teams to victory in 2000 and 2008 editions respectively.BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale also extended his wishes to the Indian team and said every member of the squad worked hard towards this victory.\"The Indian cricket team has played some extraordinary cricket in the ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. The members of the team have worked hard, and deserve the title. Heartiest congratulations to the boys and support staff for winning the World Cup,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712317", "title": "CM Kiran Kumar Reddy dithers on Dharmana", "text": "HYDERABAD: There were strong expectations that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy would forward roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's resignation to governor Narasimhan for approval on Saturday. But it is learnt that the chief minister was in no hurry to act on this owing to the fluid situation in the state.Sources said when a group of ministers met him in the morning on Saturday upon his return from New Delhi, he indicated his intention to hold back Dharmana's resignation letter for some more days. \"Even though Kiran got the high command's nod to take a decision on the issue, he can take his own sweet time,\" a senior minister said. Ministers Galla Aruna, Ganta Srinivasa Rao, K Parthasarathi, Satrucherla Vijayaramaraju, Ramireddy Venkata Reddy and TG Venkatesh met Kiran Kumar Reddy at his camp office in Begumpet. According to sources, the chief minister was tightlipped as to what transpired in Delhi in his meetings with the party high command.In fact, the chief minister refused to give any reply when reporters questioned him about Dharmana's resignation this afternoon when he addressed the media on the SC/ST sub-plan. CM reportedly told his cabinet of ministers that the government was also exploring possibilities of taking a legal opinion on the resignation issue.Sources quoting a minister said if Dharmana's resignation was accepted, the CBI(Central Bureau Of Investigation) will have a free hand to prosecute him. \"The chief minister does not want this. That's the reason he is keeping Dharmana's resignation on hold,\" sources said.Dharmana submitted his resignation to the chief minister on August 14, a day after the CBI named him as the fifth accused in the Vanpic land allotment case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15715949", "title": "Manohar Parrikar is a master of U-turns: Reginaldo Lourenco", "text": "MARGAO: Accusing chief minister Manohar Parrikar of being a 'master of U-turns,' Congress spokesperson Reginaldo Lourenco, while refusing to let the casino issue die down, alleged that the present BJP government was in power \"to make a quick buck.\"Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, the Curtorim MLA said that Parrikar had not kept a promise made on August 8 in the assembly that all casinos, be it offshore or onshore, which have not paid the increase in license fee, would be shut down.\"I am totally outraged by the charges made by the chief minister that during the tenure of the then Congress government , casino operators dilly-dallied on payment of license fees,\" said Lourenco. \" Don't unnecessarily get Ravi Naik , my former home minister in the picture. He is no longer a member of the government nor the legislative assembly,\" added Lourenco while accusing Parrikar of trying to divert from the \"critical issues affecting Goa and Goans.\"\"Instead of getting the shutters pulled down of all the illegal casinos operating after the two deadlines of August 14 &amp; 17, today Parrikar is singing a new tune that casinos will be allowed to pay renewal fee on quarterly basis with 12% interest on delay payment,\" added Lourenco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713416", "title": "Group on padyatra with a mission", "text": "JAIPUR: They are globe-trotters, literally! Having set their name in Limca Book of Records for covering a distance of 2,48,000 kms on foot covering six countries, a group of 20 Indians has now reached Jaipur. They are on a padyatra to cover a distance of 3 lakh kilometers aiming to spread mutual harmony, environment protection, interfaith relations and youth awareness campaign.The group met district collector Naveen Mahajan before embarking on a journey to Ahmedabad to begin another international expedition to South Korea. They have extensively travelled in many parts of India. They have covered international destinations like Bhutan, Bangladesh, Tibet , Pakistan, China and Burma.Every day they travel 40 kms on foot between 2-5 villages, hamlets and towns. During their trip in Rajasthan they will spread awareness on female infanticide, child labour and youth empowerment. Every team member carries just one pair of clothes and necessary documents that help them to get access to cities and countries. Mahendra Pratap, the group's head began his journey on foot in 1995 and never looked back.\"It all started when I realized that every individual has potential to contribute towards peace and harmony. Initially, people found this idea weird but as time passed by many youths joined me for short durations. Later, I came across some like-minded people and thought of travelling abroad,\" added Pratap.The ministry of external affairs extended all possible help facilitating their travel abroad.Their mission has been well-received even in foreign countries. They have fond memories of their stay in Pakistan and China. The only disappointment is that they were unable to bring back any souvenir from Pakistan as they were seized at the border. \"Pakistan was amazing. We were received grandly in Lahore . Youths in large embraced our mission and joined us to several places there,\" said Pratap.For food, accommodation and other assistance the group approaches police stations and so far they have never been turned away. \"Sometimes the police stations arrange for our food and accommodation in police station while many times they introduce us to villagers or residents who take care of us,\" said Pratap.Sometimes people in the group fall ill too, due to constant change of place and temperature. However, they try to away from medicines and prefer natural treatment. One of the most common health problems that they face is constipation due to irregular and different types of food intake.But, these are minor problems when compared to the group's mission. For them there is no going back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15722027", "title": "Eye donation fortnight begins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As a part of 27th National Eye Donation fortnight, various programmes were held at Regional Institute of Ophthalmology, MD Eye Hospital, on Saturday. The celebrations will continue till September 8.In this sequence, a team of doctors went to community health centres Saidabad and Handia and exhorted school and colleges students to pledge eye donation. At Saidahad and Handia, more than 85 persons pledged to donate their eyes after death. Prof SP Singh, principal, MLN Medical College and director, Regional Institute of Ophthalmology said about 0.12 million people suffer from corneal blindness in India, most of them being youngsters.\"Their sight can be restored after corneal transplantation operation if we get eyes in donation after death. The objective of the eye donation fortnight is to create mass public awareness regarding eye donation after death so that more corneal transplantation may be performed to restore the eye sight of the blind people,\" Prof SP Singh said. He appealed to general public to come forward for eye donation. A control room has been opened at MD Eye Hospital. The telephone numbers are 0532-2242549, 9451762902 and 9807477789.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15743589", "title": "Deepika Padukone to receive Priyadarshni awards", "text": "Actor Deepika Padukone, noted industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and Member of European Parliament Nirj Deva are among the achievers who would be felicitated with Global awards instituted by NGO Priyadarshni Academy next month.The awards would be presented by Union Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad at the Priyadarshni Academy's 28th anniversary function in New Delhi on September 18, its chairman, Nanik Rupani said in a statement.Other recipients who would also be conferred the Global awards include Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) Director General Dr Samir Brahmachari, HDFC Bank Managing Director Aditya Puri, Dr Jacques Regozinski of US-based Inter-American Investment Corporation and India Coordinator for Domestic Workers Movement Dr Jeanne Devos.Minister of state for Communication and IT Milind Deora would also be felicitated for his induction in the Union cabinet and Piyush Goyal for becoming a Rajya Sabha MP, Rupani added.While Birla would be honoured for his outstanding contribution to globalisation of Indian industry, Dr Brahmachari would be for his services in science-led inclusive innovation, Nirj Deva for international development and Belgian national Dr Devos for her work in protecting domestic workers in India.Aditya Puri would receive the award for his contribution as a visionary leader in banking industry while Dr Rogozinski, a Mexican national, would be feted for his contribution to economic development leveraging small and medium enterprises.Padukone will receive the Smita Patil Memorial award for 'Best Actor'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15739747", "title": "AK Hangal: Bal Thackeray once called him a traitor", "text": "Hangal was drawn to Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA) in India. He started working with Balraj Sahni and Kaifi Azmi in IPTA.In his late 40s, Hangal was offered the part of Raj Kapoor's brother in 1966 film \"Teesri Kasam\" by director Basu Bhattacharya but his scenes were removed from the film.There was no looking back for him after that. He starred in over 200 films. His mostly played roles of father, uncle, grandfather or that of a meek and harassed old man, an image he could never get rid off.The veteran actor suffered a political backlash in 1993 when he applied for visa to visit his birthplace in Pakistan. He was invited and attended the Pakistan day celebrations by the consulate in Mumbai thereby incurring the wrath of the Shiv Sena.Shiv Sena Supremo Bal Thackeray took offence and called him a traitor. A call to boycott his films was made, his effigies were burnt and his scenes were deleted from films.He bounced back after two years with character roles in Amitabh Bachchan's home production \"Tere Mere Sapne\" and Aamir Khan's \"Lagaan\". He last shot for Shah Rukh Khan starrer \"Paheli\" in 2005.He was awarded Padma Bhushan for his contribution to Hindi cinema in 2006.The actor was in news last year for living a life in penury. His son Vijay, a retired still cameraman in Bollywood, appealed for help after failing to meet Hangal's medical expenses. Several Bollywood celebrities like the Bachchans, producer-director Vipul Shah, and actors Mithun Chakraborty , Aamir Khan and Salman Khan came forward to help him.He returned to face the studio lights again recently after a gap of seven years for TV show 'Madhubala'.Having reached the sets on wheelchair, Hangal was not sure if he would be able to handle it physically. But he came in his elements once the cameras started rolling.He has a 74-year-old son Vijay with late wife Manorama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713268", "title": "Woman buys footwear, petrol with stolen cards", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old woman from an affluent family was arrested by the Borivli police after she allegedly stole a wallet belonging to a Ganpati idol seller and bought petrol and footwear using the credit cards in it. Cops refused to divulge the name of the accused, who is a Borivli resident and works for a private firm.The theft took place on August 10 at the Gorai-based shop of Ganpati idol seller Shubhada Bhosle (30). Bhosle left her wallet near a window in the shop and forgot about it. Two days later, she received a text message saying that her credit card had been used to purchase petrol at Kandivli (W). Realizing that her credit card had been stolen, Bhosle lodged a complaint on August 15.Investigators accessed Bhosle's bank statements and got the address of the petrol pump at Mahavir Nagar in Kandivli where the card had been swiped. The petrol pump staff was quizzed by the police, after which they produced a slip signed by the thief when she got her vehicle refueled.Based on the vehicle registration number written on the slip, the police traced the car to the accused's home. Investigators also verified CCTV camera footage at Raghuleela mall, where the accused had purchased accessories and footwear with the stolen card.On August 23, the accused was nabbed and produced before a metropolitan court. She was remanded to police custody to Monday. The accused admitted to the cops that she had passed by Bhosle's shop, picked up her wallet but did not return it. The accused has been slapped with charges of 'theft' and 'misappropriation of property' under the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15716340", "title": "We adhere to all green rules: Sesa Goa", "text": "BICHOLIM: Sesa Goa has claimed that it is adhering to all the rules and regulations at its pig iron plant, met coke division in Navelim, and has offered to get the plant inspected by the local sarpanch, MLAs, former legislators and others if they so wish.G P Kamat, business manager at Sesa Goa's pig iron plant, met coke division, has clarified that the company is functioning in a \"total eco friendly manner\" by following all rules of environment and the incident that occurred on August 17 and 18 was just a \"matter of misfortune\" wherein two high capacity diesel burners required for the heating process, had misfired resulting in the generation of soot.The soot had entered people's houses, creating panic in the area, as it had discoloured the atmosphere.\"We immediately removed the burners and those were replaced by the small burners having capacity of 30 liters and the functioning of the plant was continued further by taking all precautions,\" added Kamat.Also present were N L Vhatte, associate vice president, pig iron division; and Himanshu Karekar, associate general manager of human resources, at the media briefing held at the company's met coke division on Saturday evening.They were responding to allegations of pollution made by locals who had come together under the leadership of former MLA Pratap Gawas.Before the briefing, the media was taken on a tour of Sesa Goa's pig iron plant.Media were also informed about activities and functioning of the plant which is controlled at a computer unit division due to which there is transparency in functioning.Speaking on providing employment to locals, officials said out of 300 workers in the met coke plant, 200 are from Navelim and Amona.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15719317", "title": "Education policy for migrant children sought", "text": "CHENNAI: Migration caused by absence of sustained livelihood, poverty and unemployment has economic, social, cultural and political repercussions in society. To argue for a migration policy consistent with socio-economic development, a national seminar on education of internal migrant children was organised by a Chennai-based NGO, Give life trust.Speaking at the seminar, Dr Laxmanan of Madras Institute of Development Studies said: \"There are around 100 million migrants in India. Caste, social networks and historical precedents played a powerful role in shaping patterns of migration.\" Dr Smita Agarwal, director of education, America-India Foundation said agrarian distress forces large number of rural families out of their homes in search of livelihood. The seminar stressed the need for a holistic approach to impart education to children of migrant labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15712682", "title": "Maharashtra National Rural Health Mission workers press for job permanency", "text": "NAGPUR: Health workers, employed on contractual basis under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), have been making some demands for the last five years. In January this year, a directive from the central government told all state governments to start making changes to make all these workers permanent employees of the state. Several states have already started acting towards this end, but not Maharashtra.In April, the state government had started assessing the performance of all the workers so that the better performers could be made permanent employees. But, no decision has still been made or conveyed to the workers yet.\"In Rajasthan, Bihar and Punjab, many workers have already been made permanent. We met the mission director six months ago but all we got until now are assurances,\" said Vishal Wasnik, secretary of the Mahasangh, adding, \"The workers' union will meet the officials again later this month.\"Divisional president of the union Praful Pohane said that several demands have been kept in front of the government many times since the last five years. He reminded how the workers' strike in April resulting from confusion over their continuity in the mission had adversely affected the healthcare services in rural areas.\"Around 21,000 workers in Rajasthan are enjoying a pay scale of the 6th pay commission. They have also received an increment of 8%. In Bihar, even the contractual workers are receiving better salary than us and also availing other benefits,\" said Chandrapur-based Rakesh Nakade, state vice-president of the union.\"Be it the ASHAs, link workers or group promoters working in rural areas, all NRHM health workers in the state are poorly paid. There are no special allowances for those working in Naxalite or tribal areas, like in other states. Besides, even when there are vacant posts available and a contractual worker can be hired, none of us are even considered,\" complained Ashish Marwade, district president of the union.Long pending demands like increasing the number of annual medical leaves from seven, maternity leaves for women workers, provision of a service booklet and insurance for the workers have not been accepted in all these years as they are contractual workers and not employees of the state government. These health workers have received support from BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar, who has been supporting their cause for long.KEY DEMANDS* Contractual workers having worked for long times be considered for permanent employment without having to appear for an entrance exam* Implementing a pay structure of 6{+t}{+h} pay commission and based on seniority* Maternity leave of three months and increasing annual medical leaves* Provident fund and life insurance* Allowance for working in Naxalite and tribal areas* 50% reservation in recruitment and changing of eligibility age to 48* Reinstatement of contractual workers removed from IPHS or municipal council areas* Fixing a monthly salary instead of travel allowance to group promoters* Increasing the take home amount of ASHAs and link workers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714714", "title": "No subsidies or relief in toll tax: MSRDC minister", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite the statewide agitation by MNS against imposition of toll tax on highways, the state government has no intention of withdrawing it. MSRDC minister Jaidatt Kshirsagar made it clear that the state government did not have the money to build highways and it had to be done by private companies. They would obviously levy toll tax to recover the expenses.Addressing a press conference at the city NCP office, Kshirsagar said that there was no proposal for exempting agricultural produce from toll tax. \"At some places we have exempted tractors but not around Nagpur,\" he said.People residing near toll booths are heavily burdened by the tax as they use the stretch frequently. On providing subsidized passes to them, he bluntly said, \"I am afraid it is not possible.\"Kshirsagar claimed that MNS was not against toll tax per se. \"Every political party in the state knows that toll tax is a necessity. Raj Thackeray only wants the process to be transparent. He had submitted CDs to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan claiming that they contained proof of malpractices. I had asked him to give me the copies. I had also offered to hold a meeting with him to clear doubts. However, the MNS has not responded so far,\" he said.Kshirsagar told the media that MSRDC had decided to install electronic signboards on all toll tax booths for greater transparency. This has already been done on Aurangabad-Jalna road on pilot basis. \"The signboards will record the data as soon as a vehicle passes through the toll booth. We are yet to decide whether the data should be immediately sent to central server or in the evening. The design of the signboards would be finalized in a month. Thirteen types of data would be displayed. Radium paint would be used for ten and LEDs for remaining three,\" he said.The minister added that MSRDC would also go in for radio frequency identification process (RFID) wherein vehicle owners would buy tags from MSRDC agents and when there vehicles passed through a toll plaza the tax amount would be automatically deducted from the tag. \"This technology is being used in the Bandra-Worli Sealink,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15709018", "title": "Sunil Chhetri double helps India beat Maldives", "text": "NEW DELHI: India did not have to look for Plan B even though coach Wim Koevermans had it ready for their second engagement against Maldives in the Nehru Cup at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium here on Saturday.Frequent visitors Maldives were left wondering what struck them when Syed Rahim Nabi's low cross hit the arm of leftback Mohammed Shifan on the stroke of haft-time. Sunil Chhetri converted the resultant penalty and went on to add one more with a spectacular diving header.In between, Nabi, who was indefatigable and persistent despite heavy underfoot conditions adding to the odds, nodded in a Clifford Miranda flag-kick. It was a trademark Nabi strike, arriving unnoticed and attacking the far post.The hallmark of India's game on Saturday was searing runs by the retractable wingers and constant interchange of passes between the central midfield duo of Mehtab Hossain and Lenny Rodrigues. The consistent and precision spraying of passes kept Nabi as busy as a bee and the experienced left back was not one to complain.It was a tough ask for Maldives to find an answer to the attacks from the flanks and Mehtab's tireless and intelligent anchoring of the midfield. Nabi's repeated efforts in the first session finally paid off at the stroke of half-time. His attempted cross struck the outstretched arm of Rilwan inside the box and referee Hamad Hashmi had no hesitation in pointing to the spot.The Maldivians protested but it didn't distract Sunil Chhetri who calmly fired his right-footer past Mohammed Imran, the Maldives goalkeeper. The timing of the lead was a repeat of India's opening game against Syria and it turned out to be crucial.Till the time they surged ahead, India had the game under control. Maldives captain and attacking spearhead Ali Ashfaq was mostly kept quiet by the hardworking Mehtab and Rodrigues. The latter did slip once, dithering on the ball midway through the first session. Abdullah Asadullah snatched the ball and picked out Ashfaq whose goal bound shot was kept away by the Subrata Paul, who was a tower of strength under the Indian bar.Maldives were totally overshadowed in the second session as Koevermans-professed passing game was given expression almost to the full. Often the pretty patterns that the men in blue weaved evoked huge applause from the audience. Chhetri's diving header to Francisco's cross was a culmination of a style that promises to entertain.The evening, however, belonged to Nabi, who reminded all that during his junior days he was a striker but was forced into a defensive role because the team wanted him to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15730070", "title": "School buses flout safety norms, seized", "text": "THANE: Two school buses were impounded and fitness certificates of eight other buses were cancelled by RTO officials in Kalyan-Dombivli . The buses were found violating safety standards prescribed by the Supreme Court. \"The footboards of the two impounded buses, which belonged to Dombivli's Holy Angel School, were damaged,\" said deputy RTO Sanjay Dole.According to sources, early last week, the RTO had initiated a check on school buses after a school girl was reportedly injured as her leg got stuck in a vehicle's damaged footboard. During the check, two buses were found flouting the safety standards. The RTO promptly cancelled their fitness certificates . \"It was expected that the buses would be kept off the roads. However, the same evening , they were used to ferry children. Hence, we impounded the two buses,\" Dole said. The Kalyan RTO has launched a drive to check safety measures in school buses, he said.\"It is mandatory to check all school buses as they have to instal speed governors. However, school bus owners are reluctant to come for inspection. Hence, we have to conduct checks and review their fitness ,\" Dole said.A day after the deadline to instal speed governors in school buses was extended, School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) has said it will ensure safety norms are in place by the deadline. \"It is a great new. We will ensure modifications are in place before the deadline,\" said Anil Garg, SBOA president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15739557", "title": "AK Hangal: Bollywood's favourite grandpa", "text": "Veteran actor AK Hangal, who was admitted to the Asha Parekh hospital in Santa Cruz, almost a week back, has passed away. He was 97 years old.A K Hangal was not very keen to join films but ended up playing roles of the loving father or grandfather and doting servant of Bollywood with elan.He played roles in films like \" Sholay\", \"Shaukeen\", \"Namak Haram\", \"Aaina\", \"Avtaar\", \"Arjun\", \"Aandhi\", \"Kora Kagaz\", \"Bawarchi\", \"Chitchor\", \"Guddi\", \"Abhimaan\", \"Anamika\" and \"Parichay\".He was also a regular in Rajesh Khanna's starrers like \"Aap Ki Kasam\", \"Amar Deep\", \"Naukri\", \"Thodisi Bewafaii\" and \"Phir Wohi Raat\".Playing the role of Rahim Chacha in \" Sholay\", he uttered those famous words, \" Itna sannata kyon hai, bhai.\"In his autobiography \"The Life and Time of A K Hangal\", he recounted how he ended up joining films and how he struggled to shake off his 'gentleman' image in Bollywood though without much success.\"I never had ambitions about pursuing a career in films and was quite content with my amateur theatre work... Circumstances pulled me into the film world, though I am not unhappy because of it. Here, I mingled with people from completely different sphere, called 'Show Business', and even after many years in it, sometimes I feel like an outsider,\" he wrote.Born as Avtaar Veenit Kishan Hangal into a Kashmiri Pandit family in Peshawar , he was an active member of the Communist party there while working as a tailor. He actively participated in union activities and was arrested.Hangal moved to Bombay in 1949 after spending two years in Pakistan prison. He came in the city of dreams at the age of 21 with Rs 20 in his pocket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15727835", "title": "Govt seminar on power a damp squib", "text": "TRICHY: At a time when people are deprived of sufficient power supply, an awareness programme conducted here by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) turned out to be a futile exercise. Meanwhile, the people's federation against Kudankulam Nuclear Plant passed resolutions to urge the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to generate power instead of procuring it from private players.TANGEDCO, Trichy, observed 'Electricity awareness week' from August 21 to July 27. As part of the programme, they conducted an awareness meeting for consumers. They issued a pamphlet with a list of safety measures to be taken by consumers. Moreover, experts on electricity subjects delivered special address on topics like energy saving, safety and electricity theft. Though a considerable number of consumers turned up for the meeting, they lamented that it was not the right time to create awareness but should instead take efforts to provide uninterrupted power supply.On the other hand, a conference called 'Social audit on electricity crisis' was conducted in Trichy by People's Federation Against Kudankulam Nuclear Plant on Saturday. They passed nine resolutions in the conference related to power crisis. Their first resolution said TNEB should embark on a move to generate electricity on its own instead of depending on private players.The resolution attributed the huge loss to the inefficiency of the Central electricity regulation authority. So, they demanded criminal action against the regulation authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15739970", "title": "Angelina Jolie to wear slinky dress for wedding", "text": "Angelina Jolie is likely to choose a \"slinky\" bridal gown for her wedding to Brad Pitt, friends have revealed.The actress, who is frequently referred to as one of the world's sexiest women , is said to prefer a glamorous wedding dress to a more traditional design.There has already been a huge amount of speculation, over which designer will be honoured with the task of creating the gown, with Versace being a strong contender for the job, Stuff.co.nz reported.Other fashion houses that have drawn up sketches in a bid to win the coveted commission include the likes of Badgley Mischka , Monique Lhuillier and Reem Acra .\"Friends think it'll be a 'slinky dress', made by Ange's favourite designer Jenny Packham , whose wedding collection is renowned for its classy styles,\" UK magazine Look reported.The couple are also believed to be opting for glamorous wedding bands to match the brunette beauty's flashy engagement ring.Designed by Robert Procop, the flawless diamond creation is believed have cost as much as 1 million dollars and could be joined by an equally luxury design from the jeweller when the couple weds this summer.\"He [Robert Procop] designed her engagement ring and is likely to come up with something quite sparkly,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15715140", "title": "Welfare team to visit dog sterlization centre", "text": "NASHIK: A team from the Animal Welfare Board of India will soon be visiting N MC'S dog sterilization centre. The team would visit Nashik after it receives confirmation from the civic body and would study the process at the centre after which it will give its suggestions.The health official of the NMC, Dr S G Hiray, said that the sterilization process had been stopped for two months after the contract of the private agency appointed by the civic body expired. He said that a team from the Animal Welfare Board of India, including representatives from the animal husbandry, forest department and the district collector will be visiting the sterilization centre. \"They have sought permission from us to visit the centre and note the sterilization process. We will follow their suggestions,\" said Dr Hiray.The NMC's dog sterilization centre came under scanner at the recent NMC meeting on August 24., when Shiv Sena corporator of Prabhag no. 55 Komal Mehrolia accused the NMC of not following the norms according the government's notification for the sterilisation process.\"According to the notification, sterilized dogs should be vaccinated before release and the ears of the dogs should be clipped and/or tattooed before release to identify that they were sterilized/immunized. The notice says that branding of dogs shall not be permitted. This notice was according to the Animal Birth Control (Dogs) Rule 2001 under sub-section (1) of section 38 of The Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960 (59 of 1960). A cut is not to be made on the ears of the dog,\" said Komal.Sharanya Shetty of Sharan, the Animal Shelter, confirmed that it did amount to cruelty but said that no objection has been raised on it as yet.Dr Hiray, however, refuted Komal's statement saying that according to the Animal Birth Control (Dogs) Rule 2001, making a cut on the ears is permissible.and that in future the NMC would follow the suggestions of the Animal Welfare Board of India after they visit the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15709437", "title": "Penalty came at the right moment: Wim Koevermans", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was the quest for the 'spare man' from the midfield or the flanks that kept Wim Koevermans on the edge of his seat in his second game in charge of India. And he was happy that he found one in Syed Rahim Nabi, against Maldives at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Saturday.'It was an interesting game. In the first half we were trying to find that spare man either from the flanks or from the midfield. Not often were we able to do so as Maldives were coming at us with a lot of intent,\" said the Dutch coach.The first goal, result of a penalty that captain Sunil Chhetri converted at the stroke of halftime, came at an opportune moment. \"The penalty came at a great moment,\" he said. \"The second session was all ours,\" he added.Koevermans brought in striker Robin Singh to replace midfielder Sanju Pradhan as Chhetri was ploughing a lonely furrow inside the box. Francisco Fernandes was pushed wide to stretch the Maldives defence as Robin used his strength to hold on to the ball. \"These are the minor adjustments we needed,\" said the Dutch coach.Maldives coach Istvan Urbanyi seemed impressed. \"There is a definite direction in their style of play.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15756449", "title": "Homeguard jawan gets 1 year jail for taking Rs 10 bribe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as scams are being unearthed in Uttar Pradesh (UP) one after another, a homeguard has been sentenced to one-year imprisonment for taking Rs 10 as bribe 12 years ago.While the big fishes involved in scams worth crores of rupees are still out of the net, homeguard Omkar Singh was dismissed from the services after being caught taking bribe in Meerut district.The anti-corruption court has ordered one year imprisonment and imposed fine of Rs 3000 on Singh for taking Rs 10 as a bribe from a truck driver at Meerut's Railway Road Chauraha in 2000.According to police, Singh was caught red handed by the district magistrate. He was removed from the services. An FIR was also lodged against him. After 12 years of trial he has now been convicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15723605", "title": "Howrah molestation: Three teens arrested", "text": "HOWRAH: Three boys in their late teens were arrested on charges of molesting two girls and thrashing their cousin brother for putting up a resistance in Howrah's Bagnan on Friday.While one of the boys, a Class XI student, was arrested on Friday, the other two were rounded up on Saturday.The trio was produced before the Juvenile Justice Board on Saturday. Two of the boys were granted bail and the other was sent to a home.On Friday morning, the two girls were walking towards Bagnan railway station with their cousin brother and his friend, all Class XII students, when the three boys passed lewd comments and even tugged at one of the girls' dupatta. When their brother protested, the trio got off their bicycles and started beating him up. \"They dragged him for 15 to 20 feet, pinned him to the ground and rained blows on his face, chest and abdomen,\" said one of the girls. The boy had to be admitted to the hospital with injuries to his right eye, chest and abdomen.\"I just asked them not pass such comments and act in that manner. I had no idea that they would attack me,\" the boy said. His father said, \"These accused are like my sons. I have forgiven them.\" The victims' family was satisfied with the prompt action taken by the police.Police arrested three young boys in their late teens for allegedly molesting a girl and thrashing her brother for protesting against the act at Bagnan in Howrah. On Saturday, all three were produced before the Juvenile Justice Board. While two were granted bail, the third was sent to a home.The boys were prosecuted under child conflict in law. Alarmed by the juvenile delinquency, Howrah rural police has planned a campaign against such acts by students.The boy who was beaten up by three school students on Friday morning when he tried to stop them from molesting his cousins, said, \"I only asked them not to do this. They attacked me. I did not have any idea that they would attack me all of a sudden.Police first arrested a Class XI student. On interrogating him, police picked up two more boys. Bengal has seen several such assaults in recent years where people have been battered or even murdered for trying to protect their kin from sexual attacks.The boy, who tried to protect his cousin, was hospitalized with injuries to his right eye, chest and abdomen. The assault took place less than a kilometre from the Bagnan police station. The boy was walking towards Bagnan railway station with his two cousins and a friend. All four are Class XII students of a high school in Panitrash.As they were passing by the area, the accused started passing lewd comments and one of them tugged at my dupatta,\" said one of the girls. When the boy protested, three got off their bicycles and started beating him up. They dragged him for 15 to 20 feet, pinned him to the ground and rained blows on his face, chest and abdomen. There were several people around, but they just stood and watched though I and my sister were screaming for help.\"Amal Douli, the father of the boy, said, \"All these accused are like my sons, so I have forgiven them.\" The victims' family, however, felt assured by the prompt action by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15718707", "title": "Court allows Maruti's jailed staff to take exam", "text": "GURGAON: A city court on Saturday gave permission to one Sushil Kumar, an accused in the Maruti violence case, to appear for an examination in Delhi on Sunday. Currently in jail, he had earlier moved an application in court seeking permission to sit the examination.Kumar was among those employees who had got the offer letter from Maruti asking him to rejoin the company. Meanwhile, the court also directed the SHO, Manesar, to provide the list of workers who were on duty on the day of the violence by Monday.The jailed Maruti workers' counsel, Rajendra Pathak, has filed the bail application of an under-trial after the accused recieved an offer letter from the company saying that he could report for work. The accused, Sushil Kumar, who is at present in Bhondsi jail, is among the employees to whom MSIL had sent its 'offer' letter ahead of the reopening of the company's Manesar plant.\"Sushil had wanted to appear in an exam conducted by the Indian Council for Agricultural Research in Delhi, which was organized on Sunday, August 26. When Sushil's family received the offer letter, wehad sought permission to appear in the examination and had moved his bail application. The court of additional sessions judge H S Dahiya has given permission to Sushil to take the examination. The police team will go with him on Sunday morning and the exam will start at 12 noon in Delhi,\" workers' counsel Rajendra Pathak told TOI.\"On the bail applications of Sushil and another employee, Baljinder, the hearing will be fixed on August 30 by the court. The court also directed the SHO of Manesar police station to provide the list of workers who were on duty on the day of the violence by Monday (August 27). We also reiterated our request in court for the medical examination of the accused, who were allegedly beaten up badly during their police custody. The court will take up the matter on Monday,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15710851", "title": "Hunt on for Geetika's phone", "text": "NEW DELHI: Was Geetika Sharma under pressure to sign over some property to Gopal Kanda in the days leading up to her suicide? Police believe the former Haryana minister had bought several Gurgaon properties in Geetika's name - with or without her knowledge - but when she turned cold towards him, he started demanding their transfer. They are examining documents seized from the MDLR office to confirm this.A missing phone with the number 84470000** may also hold some answers to the case, police believe, as it was Geetika's official phone while she worked with Kanda's MDLR Group. She had returned it in April and was using her personal number 90133471**, which police have seized.Police say the numbers from which Kanda and his manager Aruna Chaddha called Geetika may be saved on the missing phone. They want to tally these numbers with those from which around 400 messages were sent to Geetika, to prove that Kanda was harassing her. But they haven't got the text of the messages so far as the service provider has withheld it.Geetika's family had alleged that Kanda sabotaged her career, and police regard one of her mails to Kanda and Chaddha as a confirmation of this. The mail reads: \"some experiences in life cannot be forgotten or forgiven; I will make my career no matter how many obstacles one puts in my way.\"Police are also trying to establish a money trail using several account numbers they have found. This has become important after they learnt about a cheque for Rs 3.5 lakh issued to a society from Geetika's account. The cheque had bounced, allegedly giving Kanda a chance to threaten her with implication in the case.The recovery of another mail has increased chances of MDLR executive Shivroop Babbar's arrest, sources say. On August 10, 2010, the HR personnel had sent a mail to Geetika's then employer, Emirates, allegedly on the behest of Kanda and Chaddha, stating: \"Dear sir...There are dues pending on Geetika, who was earlier working at MDLR. All document clearance from our HR is fake.\" The mail also states that a complaint regarding Geetika had been lodged with the Gurgaon SHO even though the attached letter bears the stamp of the Civil Lines police station near Kanda's house.Sources say Ankita, who is named in Geetika's suicide note, may join investigation on Monday. Police want to confront Ankita with Kanda before his three-day custody expires, to find out whether he was forcing Geetika to withdraw the case against her. Goa Police has reportedly disclosed that Ankita stated the name of her husband as Gopal Vardhman Kanda.On Saturday, when he was taken to Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital for a routine medical checkup before being produced in court, Kanda told reporters he was the victim of a political conspiracy. \"Some politicians are doing all this to malign me. They are misguiding the media. Truth will come out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15711332", "title": "Seven killed in Assam on way home from relief camp", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite deployment of additional soldiers and policemen, promises by the government and top political and administrative brass parachuting in, violence in Assam is refusing to ebb. On Saturday, seven people were killed, taking the number of fatalities in the ethnic conflict, which began on July 20, to 86.Officials said around 6pm, miscreants ambushed and killed five Bengali-speaking Muslims who were returning home from a relief camp in Chirang district under the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC). The victims, who spent weeks at the Amguri relief shelter close to the Bhutan border, were going to their village at Choudhurypara in Bijni, 27 km from their camp, in two vehicles.Earlier, the state government had offered security cover to riot victims who wanted to return home. But the Amguri victims apparently did not have any escort. At the moment, more than 2lakh people uprooted in the Bodo-Muslim violence are living in relief camps.State home secretary GD Tripathi said, \"The bodies of the victims bore cut marks and were found at Mongoloia Bazar in Chirang. We do not rule out the involvement of militants in the killings.\" On July 24, miscreants had killed three people at the same place. As with the previous attacks, the assailants will probably never be identified or caught.The chilling message from each case of bloodshed in Assam after the ethnic violence between Muslims and Bodo tribals is 'Don't try to go back to your homes'.At Jonai in Dhemaji district of upper Assam, so far unaffected by violence, the bodies of two Bengali-speaking Muslims were found.The two had been kidnapped by unidentified persons on Friday.'Barbaric act'BTC chief executive member Hagrama Mohilary strongly condemned the killings in Chirang.\"This is a barbaric act. We have just started rehabilitation and people have every right to return home.\" The new bout of violence is seen as a failure on the part of the state police to rein in troublemakers. A top security source said police could restore order only if it took strong action against law-breakers.On Friday, police had arrested Bodoland People's Front MLA Pradeep Brahma for his alleged involvement in rioting. The legislator is currently in 14 days' judicial custody.ABMSU threatens blockadeThe All Bodoland Minority Students' Union on Saturday threatened to stage protest by blocking highways and trains if the administration fails to arrest the culprits involved in the killing of Bengali-speaking Muslims in the state within next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15722046", "title": "Healthy diet, lifestyle keep diabetes at bay", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The quarterly programme of Diabetes Education Foundation (DEF) was held at MLN Medical College on Saturday. About 500 diabetes patients attended it. The theme was 'Cancer and Diabetes'. It was organised by Dr Sarita Bajaj, endocrinologist, director-professor and HoD medicine at MLN Medical College.The chief guest and Allahabad division commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi emphasised the importance of conducting awareness programmes for diabetes among the general public.DEF patron Justice Sudhir Verma said cancer is fast emerging as a major health concern. But when treated adequately, most cancers in early stages are curable. Prof SP Singh, principal, MLN Medical College lauded the active role played by the foundation in educating the public regarding various health aspects of diabetes.Prof Shradha Dwivedi, SIC, SRN Hospital and HoD community medicine, MLN Medical College spoke about the need to conduct regular camps for diagnosing the disease. Prof Sarita Bajaj spoke about the various activities and programmes conducted by the Diabetes Education Foundation. Dr B Paul Thaliath, director, Regional Cancer Centre, Kamla Nehru Memorial Hospital spoke about the myths associated with cancer. Dr Radharani Ghosh, senior radiotherapist, Kamla Nehru Hospital, elaborated on the cancers seen in women, and focused on cancer of the cervix and breast. She spoke on techniques for early detection of cancer and breast self-examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15713709", "title": "Sarang Lakhanee enters final", "text": "LATUR: Sarang Lakhanee had a mental block against Mayank Gole. The Nagpur youngster had never beaten the second seed Pune shuttler despite dominating most of their previous encounters. But on Saturday here at the Divisional Sports Complex, Lakhanee broke the jinx to storm into the men's singles final of the Maharashtra State Senior Badminton Championship.In a thrilling semifinal, Lakhanee won the first game and was leading in the second. However, Gole staged a superb recovery to force the match into the decider. The third game was a sea-saw battle. Lakhanee had a two-point lead midway through the decider which he maintained throughout. However, from 18-16, Lakhanee conceded the lead and was down 18-19. At that point it looked like Lakhanee would once again succumb to pressure. A service error by Gole at that crucial moment helped Lakhanee draw the scores at 19-19 and then finish the match with trademark jump smashes.The high-quality 57-minute encounter was won by Lakhanee 21-16, 16-21, 21-19. The unseeded left-hander will now clash with top seed Subhankar Dey of Thane, who prevailed over rather easily against Mumbai Suburban's Amit Kshatriya 21-10, 21-11.\"Today's win was very important of me. Making a comeback after overcoming the sheen injury, it was necessary for me to make an instant impact. I had lost against Mayank quite closely on 3-4 occasions before so it was a morale-boosting win for me,\" Lakhanee told TOI on Saturday. The win also helped Lakhanee avenged his loss against Gole in the second State Ranking tournament held last month at Mumbai.The women's final will be played between Mumbai Suburban's Riya Pillai and Shruti Mundada of Pune. Both the teenagers registered contrasting wins over their respective rivals. While Pillai thumped Rasika Raje of Nagpur 21-17, 21-16, Mundada struggled to pip Vaishnavi Bhale in three games.Nagpur pair Jayendra Dhole and Varada Dixit will square up against top seed Nishad Dravid and Manasi Gadgil in the mixed doubles final. Raje and Mundada sailed into the women's doubles final. The Nagpur-Pune pair will now clash with Gadgil and Saee Purandare in the final on Sunday.Earlier in the quarterfinals played in the morning, Raje stunned second seed and winner of the first state ranking tournament at Aurangabad Anuradha Shrikhande in straight games. Fourth seed in the men's singles, Amit Khadgi was upset by his Mumbai Suburban teammate and unseeded Kshatriya in three games.RESULTS (All semifinals)Women's singles: Riya Pillai bt Rasika Raje 21-17, 21-16; Shruti Mundada bt Vaishnavi Bhale 21-13, 16-21, 21-15. Men's singles: 1-Subhankar Dey bt Amit Kshatriya 21-10, 21-11; Sarang Lakhanee bt 2-Mayank Gole 21-16, 16-21, 21-19. Men's doubles: Nishad Dravid-Shlok Ramchandran bt Subhankar Dey-Bisal Das 18-21, 21-18, 21-15; 1-Abhishek Kulkarni-Prashant Bahatare bt Sameer Bhagwat-Varun Khanwalkar 16-21, 21-16, 21-19. Women's doubles: 1-Manasi Gadgil-Saee Purandare bt Varada Dixit-Vaishnavi Bhale 21-9, 21-15; Rasika Raje-Shruti Mundada bt Sonal More-Vinaya Shetty 21-19, 21-16. Mixed doubles: 2-Jayendra Dhole-Varada Dixit bt Amey Joshi-Saee Purandare 16-21, 21-16, 21-13; 1-Nishad Dravid-Manasi Gadgil bt Abhishek Kulkarni-Riya Pillai 21-13, 21-14.(Quarterfinals)Women's singles: Rasika Raje bt 2-Anuradha Shrikhande 21-15, 21-19; Riya Pillai bt Sonal More 21-11, 21-13; Shruti Mundada bt Farah Mollobhai 21-11, 21-10; Vaishanavi Bhale w/o Aditi Mutatkar. Men's singles: 1-Subhankar Dey bt Harshad Bhagwat 21-16, 21-16; Sarang Lakhanee bt Akshay Raut 21-12, 21-9; Amit Kshatriya bt 4-Amit Khadgi 13-21, 21-13, 21-18; 2-Mayank Gole bt Shlok Ramchandran 21-13, 21-15,21-17. Men's doubles: 1-Abhishek Kulkarni-Prashant Bahatare bt Jayendra Dhole-Sanket Shirbhate 21-11, 21-12; Sameer Bhagwat-Varun Khanwalkar bt Adhidnya Sawant-Prasad Shetty 21-18, 22-24, 24-22; NishadDravid-Shlok Ramchandran bt Mayank Gole-Akshay Raut 21-12, 21-12; 2-Subhankar Dey-Bisal Das bt Anmoal Behrani-Firoz Mulani 21-8, 21-13.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727586", "title": "Now, App to buy payasam through cellphone", "text": "KOCHI: A city-based start-up has come up with an application to order 'payasam' through mobile phones. Named 'm-payasam', the application can be downloaded from Android Market. \"Order delivery is restricted to Kochi city and will be expanded later with the next version release,\" said Pratheeksha A K, chief executive officer of Amidray Technologies Pvt Ltd, which introduced the application.\"People can order 'payasam' through this application, get it delivered at home, pay on delivery and have a relaxed Onam,\" Pratheeksha said.\"Initially, we will be accepting limited orders this season and the order is open till August 27, 10pm.\" The start-up is planning to launch the next version of the product that will help smartphone users order food from hotels, book tables at restaurants and book room at hotels and tickets at cinema halls. \"We have also plans to forge tie-ups with supermarkets. The application on mobile will contain the list of products and their prices. It will be easy for the customers to buy their groceries through their mobile phones,\" said Pratheeksha. \"In December, we will expand the operations of the application, which will enable people to order cakes and birthday gifts,\" she said.AmidRay Technologies, incubated at Technopark in Thiruvananthapuram and at StartUp Village in Kochi, is run by a group of young entrepreneurs from Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "milan", "code": "15722000", "title": "Italy hosts a pageant for the 'nip and tuck' beauties", "text": "MILAN: Italians attach rather less stigma than other nationalities to cosmetic surgery - as evidenced by the number of scarily enhanced 60-year-olds you see at the supermarket.There's even a national beauty contest for ladies whose looks owe as much to the scalpel as mother nature.And with the results just in for Miss Plastic Surgery 2012, step forward one Fanny Perini, whose exceptional false breasts trumped those of her competitors in the fourth annual contest held this week near Rimini.Fanny, 5ft 11in, a Sagittarius, is a nurse from Bologna. She likes sports, particularly swimming, is single, and is probably kind to animals.But it was the consummate boob job that won it for Perini, 38, after the 'expert panel' of plastic surgeons, journalists and 'artists' saw rivals face-off in a two-hour silicon-fest. \"I'm delighted to have won,\" she said. \"I can't wait for my parents to see me on television.\"Perini revealed that she went under the knife for the sake of \"bigger breasts and nipples as high as they were when I was 20\". For her efforts, she won a Jacuzzi. For hopefuls who failed to scoop the main prize, there were consolation titles including Miss Rhinoplasty, Miss Silicone, Miss Botox and even Miss Chemical Peel.But many Italian health experts fear the nation's obsession with cosmetic correction is getting out of control. The popularity of cosmetic surgery is rising sharply, even among teenagers, who feel pressured to conform to old stereotypes. In 2009, the Italian health ministry was forced to ban breast enhancement in girls under 18.The then health minister, Francesca Martini, declared there was a 'Wild West, cowboy-style system of plastic surgery for young women and this must stop'. Research showed that 14% of 16- and 17-year-old Italian girls said they would undergo breast enhancement surgery and 30% reported feeling dissatisfied with their bodies.Feminist commentators say the pressure has come right from the top. Prosecutors in Milan have accused former prime minister Silvo Berlusconi of paying for breast enlargements, buttock-shaping and lip-plumping for seven young women in his personal harem. -- The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15727157", "title": "Corp thrust on safe drinking water", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation, through the 12th five year plan, is aiming to ensure the overall development of the citizens in all spheres of life, said mayor A K Premajam.Addressing the gathering after inaugurating the development seminar on 12th five year plan and annual project in the plan for 2012-2013 at the town hall here on Saturday, the mayor urged the councillors not to give priority to just constructing roads in their wards. \"You should try to include projects to boost agriculture production too,\" she told them.The mayor said the civic body would prepare projects to ensure safe drinking water supply. It would also implement a plan to cultivate paddy in the unused agriculture lands in Beypore, Elathur, Chelavoor and Nallalam.\"Buildings will be constructed for schools handed over to the civic body,\" she said. \"Corporation will also take measures to set up an advanced waste disposal mechanism at the Njeliyanparamba trenching ground. Steps would be taken for disposal of waste at source. We have decided to popularize vermicompositing and pipe composting methods,\" said the mayor.In his presentation, social welfare standing committee chairman M Radhakrishnan said though the civic body had failed to find a place in the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), it had started the groundwork for getting funding for Rajiv Awaas Yojana to eliminate slums. The civic body is also planning to set up counseling centres for girls in Anganwadis.The final draft proposal will be presented in the corporation council after compiling the suggestions that come up at Saturday's seminar.The major thrust in the draft proposal will be for e-governance. It will focus on the need for using mobile governance in administration. Setting up of computerized geographic information system (GIS) in all the sectors in the corporation is one of the key projects discussed at the seminar. A detailed survey will be carried out to prepare a comprehensive databank for this. The project will be implemented with Central funding.Another project is on digitalizing the documents of the civic body. Electronic office automation project is also envisaged in the plan. Electronic handheld device for bill collectors is another major proposal.The corporation has also included a proposal to set up mini-industrial parks. A scheme to construct houses for the homeless and upliftment of fisher folk has also been proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15719690", "title": "Polish tunes for Shaji\u2019s \u2018Gaadha\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Polish music composer Zbigniew Preisner, best known for his compositions in feted director Krzysztof Kiezlowski's classics, will compose music for the Malayalam film 'Gaadha' directed by Shaji N Karun.'Gaadha', a cinematic adaptation of writer T Padmanabhan's short story 'Kadal' is based on Indian classical music in symphony orchestra.At a news conference here on Saturday, Preisner defined his entry into Indian cinema as an attempt to understand a new culture. \"I have never been here before even on a vacation. But, once I read the script of this film, I thought I must do this. I hope Shaji will bring out a beautiful film,\" said Preisner.Preisner said he was keenly following Indian music and that a major portion of the composition for 'Gaadha' would be done at his studio in Poland . S Muraleedharan, producer of the film, Waheeda, actor and co-producer of 'Gaadha' and K Harikrishnan, the script writer, were also present. The film, which will be shot in Varanasi, Ajmeer, Leh, Ladak and Kerala will have Mohanlal playing the lead. Director Karun said he had been stuck with the idea of this film for quite sometime. \"There were a lot of factors that had prevented me from going ahead with this project. I have to come up with a visual splendor that would perfectly back the music set by Preisner, and for that I would have required money. And as my films could never be equated with commercial success, it was hard to find a producer. Now everything seems to be slowly falling in place. I am glad I now have a wonderful team to work with,\" said Karun.The plot has a strain of spirituality which needs to be fused with music, said the director. \"It is pretty much like a blend of Carnatic, opera and symphony. This was indeed a great challenge, and it was at this juncture that I zeroed in on Preisner, whose music has always amazed me. I sent him a mail detailing the script and asked him if he could do the music for it. He just replied, 'perfect', said Karun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15714168", "title": "Man cons firm for mother\u2019s treatment, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: After failing to collect money for his mother's kidney treatment, Amit Kumar decided to cheat his employers and concocted the story of a robbery of Rs 6 lakh at gunpoint. However, the 27-year-old collection agent broke down during interrogation and was arrested on Saturday for stealing the money. The entire amount has been recovered.The Paschim Vihar police received a call at 4.35pm on Friday that three persons had robbed Amit at gunpoint of a bag containing Rs 6 lakh near BG-7, Paschim Vihar, said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.\"Amit told us that he had collected Rs 6 lakh from the Rohini division for the company that supplies Hindustan Lever products within Delhi and was crossing Paschim Vihar on his motorcycle. After reaching BG-7 around 3.30pm, he stopped the motorcycle for going to toilet. Immediately, three boys came from behind and took away the polythene bag containing the money. He immediately informed his employer Brij Bhushan Khurana over the mobile phone, who called police,\" said Renganathan.However, investigations revealed that Amit was on leave for the past two days as his mother, suffering from a severe kidney disorder, is admitted at Sant Parmanand Hospital. During analysis of his phone records, police also found that he was continuously using his cellphone even while riding the motorcycle.\"This made us suspicious. The accused then broke down and confessed that he had concocted this story to use the money for the treatment of his mother,\" said Renganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15727304", "title": "Cops nab drug-pusher", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police arrested Thadambattuthazham native Mubashir (27) while trying to sell capsules near the city railway station on Friday night. Police recovered around 500 capsules from him, mainly Spasmo Proxyvon (a painkiller) and Nitravet (insomnia drug) tablets. Police believe that he is the member of a drug racket that is a very active in city.Police said illegal sale of sedatives is rampant in the city and Spasmo Proxyvon and Nitravet are the most common tablets preferred by youngsters. City pharmacies stock such sedative medicines beyond the prescribed quantity to target them.Police said they will launch a special drive in city against drug rackets. \"We got a tip and nabbed Mubashir. Police will be more vigilant against the latest smuggling methods adopted by drug rackets', said an officer. Mubashir is being interrogated and SI Sasidharan Nair will head the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713756", "title": "Relief work picks up in 7 rain-hit districts", "text": "JAIPUR: With the rain activity receding in the state on Saturday, the situation began improving in the seven major districts that witnessed torrential rain in which 33 lives were lost. Many were compelled to take shelter in relief camps away from their inundated homes.Since Wednesday at least seven districts of the state including Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Dholpur, Jaipur, Dausa, Karauli and Nagaur were witnessing flood-like situation. Majority of the villages and hamlets were inundated in water and Army was roped in to flush out the water.On Saturday there was less rainfall reported in these districts as Sikar witnessed 40 mm and Laxmangarh witnessed 70 mm of rain. Except these districts no rainfall was reported in other districts where normal life was paralyzed since Wednesday.Situation in Sikar improved slowly as Army personnel along with the local disaster management teams were on the job of flushing out water from the villages submerged in water.\"It will take another two or three days to de-water the areas. We have ample arrangement of food and medical aid for the victims,\" said an officer with the district collectorate, Sikar.Likewise, in Jaipur the situation was much better except Madrempura where the locality was still submerged in water. At least 200 people of this locality are residing in the relief camps. Officials of the district administration were on the job of assessing damages caused due to rain. Jaipur which had witnessed a rainfall of 170 mm merely got 0.8 mm of rain on Saturday.Officials of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) have also planned a cleanliness drive to clean the sewerage lines and drains across the city from Sunday onwards. The Jaipur Met office said that the low pressure area which was behind the heavy rainfall in the state has receded from the ongoing weather system. Thus, in the next couple of days heavy rainfall in eastern and northern parts of Rajasthan will turn into scattered rains.Bharatpur received 90 mm of rainfall, followed by Laxmangarh and Kumher at 6 cm on Saturday. In many parts of the state monsoon was absent including Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Barmer, Ajmer, Bhilwara, Udaipur and Jhunjhunu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15716218", "title": "Two-wheeler thieves nabbed, six bikes found", "text": "MARGAO: Six stolen bikes were recovered after three people were arrested on Saturday by the Maina-Curtorim police. The police, who were looking into a complaint filed by Raghunath Naik on Tuesday regarding a TVS Victor motorcycle theft, arrested Amar Prasad, 24, a native of Bihar , Dhaheed Gudoor, 20, from Chandor and Siddharudh 'Siddhu' Naik, 20, a Curtorim resident.The arrest was done under the supervision of PI Gurudas Kadam. \"All three persons were thoroughly interrogated and we recovered the TVS Victor motorcycle bearing number GA-02-P-8914. We also recovered one Hero Honda Glamour motorcycle with the number plate GA-08-J-2271 that matched a theft case filed with Maina-Curtorim police,\" said Kadam.He said that arrested accused persons led the police towards recovering four more two-wheelers from an isolated place at Davorlim, Salcete. The vehicles were brought to the police station and arrangements were made to verify the identity of the owners.The bikes are a Yamaha FZ motorcycle bearing the number plate GA-05-C-8604 Hero Honda Passion motorcycle with the number plate GA- 03-J-2017, Hero Honda Splendour bearing the number plate GA- 03-M-6842 and Honda Activa scooter bearing the number plate GA-08-C-1421.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "zuarinagar", "code": "15716819", "title": "At times, insanity helps: 'Fake IPL Player' blogger", "text": "ZUARINAGAR: 'Sometimes your life boils down to one moment of insanity,' was the dialogue from the blockbuster movie Avatar used by Anupam Mukherji to describe the point when he decided to create his sensational blog 'fake IPL player' that took the cricket world by storm.Mukherji was at the BITS Pilani Goa Campus at Zuarinagar on Saturday to open the INK conference where innovators of present times discuss their creative ideas. Mukherji told the audience how he was torn between following his mad passion for cricket and doing something more logical to make money. He finally decided to quit his job.Mukherji said that when the idea struck his mind he realized how big it can turn out to be and he immediately proceeded by starting the humorous blog anonymously during the 2009 Indian Premier League held in South Africa.Mukherji kept his readers hooked onto the blog throughout the following month. \"I feel like a winner every day,\" he said, hoping that every student spectator finds his true passion.The fake IPL player is a blog that made waves during the second IPL. At first, the blogger started writing anonymously leading to speculations that it was a member of Kolkata Knight Riders . All cricketers were given nicknames that one got the impression that it was the handiwork of an insider. That was until Mukerji came out in the open, although, a year later.After finding his passion for live commentary over the internet, Mukherji has now shaped his own venture Pitch Invasion.The next speaker, Krushna Patil, the youngest Indian woman to successfully climb Mount Everest shared her experiences and engaged the audience with some of her expedition photos.Virendra Sangwa talked about his ground breaking stem cell exploration leading to a 10 time reduction in ophthalmological costs.Charles Ma talked about finding a profound passion for Bharatnatyam that led him to quit his advertising firm job. The conference culminated with a Shiv Bharatnatyam performance by Charles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722238", "title": "Unions unhappy as panel ignored some demands", "text": "MUMBAI: Some unions are dissatisfied as their demands were not accepted by the Hakim committee. They are, however, happy with the Rs 3 fare hike recommendation.Said taxi union leader A L Quadros, \"We are glad the committee has considered most of our demands. But I am upset that my demand for increasing charges for waiting period of taxis has not been accepted.\" Quadros said cabbies often lose a lot of money (fuel) waiting in traffic snarls, signals and while travelling bumper-to-bumper on bad roads. \"I had suggested that 50 paise should be charged for one-and-a-half minute instead of the present two minutes. But this has been rejected,\" he said.Hakim also rejected the demand from auto unions to include social costs like pensions, retirement benefits as a key factor for computing future fare hikes. In his report, Hakim stated, \"This is a wider issue in the context of old age pension for all workers in the country and cannot be dealt with by a committee concerned with the limited issue of fare fixation. In this regard, the central government has already enacted the 'Unorganised Workers Social Security Act, 2008'. Any scheme for pensionary and other social security benefits for taximen will have to be in accordance with the provisions of the above Act.\"An auto union member said, \"We wanted drivers to have social security. Their families should have support in case anything happens to them (serious injury or death while on duty). But the Hakim panel has not included the social costs in the fare hike formula, which has upset most of us.\" The Hakim formula also ignored the fines paid by drivers, saying it was not feasible to take into account payment made towards traffic fines in the formula for fare fixation.Most drivers are upset as they feel that they have to pay huge fines to traffic cops for illegal parking. \"First, they don't give us parking facilities and then they fine us. We are stripped of our hard-earned money,\" a driver argued.Leading auto unions plan to go ahead with their protests scheduled for September 3, 5 and 11, sources said. The march on September 3 and 5 will be at police stations and ward offices to oppose harassment and bad road conditions. On September 11, Sharad Rao's union plans to stage a dharna of auto drivers outside the transport commissioner's office, but sources said transport officials may convince him to withdraw the agitation. When contacted, Thampy Kurien of a rival union said, \"Rao had initially raised a hue and cry and opposed the Hakim panel. But this committee has given a favourable fare hike recommendation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718623", "title": "Company Secretaries result declared, Ahmedabad boys shine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The result of Company Secretaries (CS) was declared on Saturday. Ahmedabad chapter students have posted 58 per cent result in foundation pogramme, 29 per cent in executive programme and 43 per cent in the professional programme which is the final exam.City lad Darshil Thakker ranked 18th in India and first in Ahmedabad. His father is a CA, CS and Thakker too wants to get both the degrees as he feels that the dual qualification will give him an edge professionally.Parag Prajapati got second rank in the city and posted 30th rank in the All India merit list. Prajapati has emerged victorious over difficult circumstances and proved that grit and determination is enough to crack the toughest of exams.Prajapati stays in a small one-room-kitchen house in Ratanpol area of the walled city. While his father works in a printing press, his mother is a housewife and he has two sisters. Since finances have always been constrained, Prajapati did most of his study for the exam in MJ Library. During the night time, he would study under a zero watt bulb so that his family is not disturbed.\"My father's boss, Bhupen Shah paid my fee for CA and CS courses. I will be indebted to him as education alone will enable me to help my family break free from the chains of poverty\", said Prajapati. He says that he intends to get a job soon and ask his father to retire.\"My parents have worked tirelessly for my education. I want my father to rest and enjoy his retirement\", said Prajapati.President of the Ahmedabad chapter of Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( ICSI) said that 3,000 odd students from Ahmedabad had appeared for the CS exams. He said that next examinations of Company Secretaries for foundation programme (new syllabus) will be Optical Mark Reader (OMR) based. For the first time the exam will be objective type.This exam is scheduled to be held on Saturday and Sunday, December 1 and 2, 2012 while the CS main examinations for foundation programme, executive programme and professional programme will be held from December 26 to January 2, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15716888", "title": "People from northeast feel secure in Goa: Mukul Sangma", "text": "PANAJI: Asked if he had approached by North Eastern natives working in Goa with any concerns of security, Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma said the youth who met him here told that they felt safe in the state.\"They feel secure here. Goa is a state where people from different parts can feel at home,\" said Sangma. He said his government was in the process of approaching governments with sizeable population of North Eastern students to provide the Meghalaya government with land to build safe housing facilities in the form of hostels for them. He said the accommodation facilities could include working women's hostel, and students and youth hostels. \"Once we have these facilities, we will be in a position to ensure better connection and their issues and concerns can be dealt with properly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15757721", "title": "Dhoni says it was not easy to bowl out New Zealand twice", "text": "HYDERABAD: India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday hailed his players for their all-round show against New Zealand in the first Test but said it was not an easy task to bowl the Kiwis out twice in a match that saw regular rain interruptions.\"It was a hardworking wicket, it was difficult to get them (New Zealand) out. We were also battling the weather and were never sure how many overs we would get to bowl at them. That was also a reason why we made them follow on,\" Dhoni said during the post-match presentation.The skipper also lauded the effort of the fielders and insisted that the team is committed to improve the fielding standards.\"The catching was brilliant, Viru pa (Virender Sehwag) got some very good catches and (Virat) Kohli was equally good on the field. It is something we want to continue,\" he said.India, after posting 438 on the board in their first innings, dismissed New Zealand twice to inflict on them an innings and a 115-run defeat.Cheteshwar Pujara scored a brilliant 159 to help India cross the 400-run mark before Ravichandran Ashwin ran through the Kiwi batting order, returning career-best match figures of 12/85.\"Pujara batted well. It was important for Pujara as he was coming after an injury. He is someone who is used to playing long innings. He has a good temperament and can play for long periods and the stroke-makers can play around him,\" he said.The skipper meanwhile also took an opportunity to congratulate the Indian colts for lifting the Under-19 Cricket World Cup against Australia.\"Congratulations to the U-19 World Cup team, Unmukt Chand batted really well,\" the skipper said.New Zealand skipper Ross Taylor said that they will have to learn the art of tackling Indian spinners going ahead into the second Test at Bangalore.\"We couldn't sustain ourselves, the Indian bowling showed us a masterclass. We need to learn how to play Ashwin. We would be a lot better side come Bangalore,\" Taylor said.Asked whether not playing a practice match before the start of the series proved decisive, Taylor said, \"We have come over here in 2010 and drew the first two games without a practice match, we can't use that as an excuse.\"He said that they will have to sort out their batting ahead of the next match and added there was also some room for improvement in the bowling department.\"(Brendon) McCullum and (Kane) Williamson played very well. Myself included, and a few other batsmen need to put up more of a fight,\" Taylor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15710232", "title": "I realized the impact of my silver medal after landing in India: Vijay", "text": "MUMBAI: After his Olympic silver, pistol shooter Vijay Kumar's call for a promotion and the ensuing controversy gathered as much media attention as his feat in the Olympics. While he admits that justice has been meted out with a promotion to the rank of Subedar Major, the 27-year-old army man feels the whole incident was blown out of proportion.\"I never put a gun on anyone's head and said I would quit if not promoted. I feel it was the least I deserved. To my knowledge there's a rule that states that Olympic medal winners will be given Grade I commission as officers in the Indian Army. If they could bestow the ranks of Lt Col to others, main toh unke ghar ka aadmi hun. I have given 11 years of my life to the Army. We can sit and dissect every bit of the argument, but I prefer proving my point in the field,\" he told TOI.As the matter rests with the concerned parties, Kumar chooses to be patient. The week-long session of felicitations and mass adulation has been a consolation. \"When I was in London after my silver win, I was among other champions, and it was quiet mellow. But the moment we landed in India, I realized the extent of my achievement. I have lost count of the number of autographs I have signed and pictures I have posed for. It is almost unbelievable.\"All this for someone who was expecting much less! \"I had aimed for a top 6 finish and would have been more than happy with that. It was my first Olympics after all,\" he says.However, training in the toughest of shooting disciplines for the last seven years paid off for the normally reserved shooter from Himachal. \"My discipline is all about fighting with the self. I constantly self-talk and keep my cool. As a sportsman I try to share the least with anyone; I don't expect much from anyone either. What I have between my ears is enough.\"Ask him about Abhinav Bindra and Ronjan Sodhi failing to make the finals, and Kumar is quick to defend his teammates: \"Here is a man who got India its first Olympic gold , who is responsible for bringing the sport to the limelight. It's shooting. One bad shot and you blow it. It can happen to anyone. Sportsmen too are humans after all. We give it our best shot always.\"Looking ahead, the shooter has already chalked out his plans.\"I have ordered a gun of my own. I use a Pardini of Italian make that the army has given. But for my practice I need to have a spare one. Also, I am planning to buy a flat in Pune as I see myself spending more time in the city for my training.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15750132", "title": "Nasa mourns death of 'true American hero' Neil Armstrong", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa has mourned the death of Neil Armstrong, a 'true American hero' and the first man to set foot on the Moon.\"On behalf of the entire Nasa family, I would like to express my deepest condolences to Carol and the rest of the Armstrong family on the passing of Neil Armstrong,\" Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden said in a statement. Armstrong who set foot on the Moon on July 20, 1969, passed away yesterday. He was 82.He had undergone a heart-bypass surgery earlier this month.\"As long as there are history books, Neil Armstrong will be included in them, remembered for taking humankind's first small step on a world beyond our own,\" Bolden said.Armstrong who was commander of the Apollo 11 mission after landing on the Moon had remarked, \"That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind\".\"Besides being one of America's greatest explorers, Neil carried himself with a grace and humility that was an example to us all. When President Kennedy challenged the nation to send a human to the moon, Neil Armstrong accepted without reservation,\" Bolden said.\"As we enter this next era of space exploration, we do so standing on the shoulders of Neil Armstrong. We mourn the passing of a friend, fellow astronaut and true American hero,\" Bolden added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712099", "title": "Maulana Azad National Urdu University pays a befitting tribute to Professor Sherwani", "text": "HYDERABAD: Maulana Azad National Urdu University has recently announced the creation of the Haroon Khan Sherwani Centre for Deccan Studies. The welcome move will serve the dual purpose of furthering the study of the Deccan along with honouring a great scholar whose contributions to the study of medieval Deccan remain unmatched to date.Professor Haroon Khan Sherwani, a product of Aligarh, was one among a galaxy of litterateurs from Aligarh Muslim University who were absorbed into state service at Hyderabad.After his education at Aligarh, Sherwani proceeded to England in 1906 at the young age of 15 to complete his schooling at London. After his return to India, Sherwani was appointed head of the department of History and Political Science at the Osmania University where he served till his retirement in 1946 at the age of 55, after putting in a year as principal of the prestigious Nizam College.Before Sherwani, the study of medieval Indian history had largely been Delhi-centric with almost all notable scholars restricting their researches to either the Sultanate or Mughal periods. A prolific writer, he was able to produce pioneering works on the Bahmani Empire and the Qutub Shahi dynasty which to date retain their status as canonical texts on medieval Deccan history.Gifted in languages with an exceptional command over Urdu, English, Hindi, Persian and French, Sherwani wrote extensively in many of them throughout his career. Though his first major contribution after joining the Osmania University was the translation into Urdu of a history of the world for use by the students, his forte was undoubtedly in the English language through which he introduced previously unexplored facets of Deccan history to the world. Fortunately the academic tolerance of erstwhile Hyderabad ensured that no one questioned him as to why a professor of the Urdu medium Osmania University preferred English as his chosen medium of communication.However, Sherwani's stand on the subject of Bhagmati wherein he challenged the authenticity of such a character ever having graced Qutub Shahi history, was met with widespread consternation at Hyderabad. He was accused of being insensitive to the emotions of the public regarding such a well established legend from their cherished past which a majority of the populace chose to believe in. Revolutionary poet Maqdoom Mohiuddin, in a scathing denouncement of the professor's comments, reminded him that he had no right to deprive the people of Hyderabad of such a romantic character from their past and challenge the veracity of their folk repertoire.Any misgivings that the citizens had about Sherwani were countered by the professor's novel protest against indiscriminate demolition of the city's land marks in the name of development which led to the wanton destruction of Hyderabad's heritage. When the city gates were being demolished after police action, he is said to have climbed atop the historic Puranapul Darwaza declaring that he would prefer to die amidst the rubble of the structure than live to see this meaningless destruction of heritage. It is said that his long time friend and class fellow Jawaharlal Nehru , who was Prime Minister at that time, had to intervene personally assuring safeguard of the gate before Sherwani could be persuaded to climb down. The act coming at a time when Hyderabad and its denizens were subject to severe discrimination and bias endeared Sherwani with the masses but the gruff and brusque gentleman always brushed aside their expressions of gratitude.Long after his retirement pranksters among students at the Nizam College spread the news of his death with the intention of getting a day off. The college administration immediately swung into action and suspended classes for the day. A memorial meet was planned and a request to participate was sent to the family. The delivery person, on arriving at the professor's residence, was at his wits end to find the old man enjoying a cup of tea on his verandah and utterly befuddled, blurted out the true reason of his visit. The hoary professor is said to have sworn the messenger to silence and on the appointed day quietly entered the venue at the appointed time intending to sit through his own condolence meet! Needless to say that the discovery of his presence mid-way through the event caused quite a commotion with quite a few screams rendering the air. Sherwani is said to have profusely thanked the person who let the cat out of the bag for rescuing him from the ordeal of sitting through the remainder of the tedious proceedings.Sherwani won many laurels during his distinguished career as an eminent academician and a historian par excellence. Apart from the D Lit. conferred on him by the Aligarh Muslim University in 1976, he was honoured with the Padma Bhushan by the government of India in recognition for his contributions to the study of Indian history in 1969.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15710653", "title": "Enjoy TV in 2 intercity, Bhopal Exp trains soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Passengers boarding two inter-city chair car trains between state capital and Jabalpur and Bhopal Express between Bhopal and Hazrat Nizamuddin might find their journey entertaining shortly with West Central Railways (WCR) deciding to install TV sets with the help of private party.\"We have invited biddings for this purpose. We are going to charge around Rs 7lakh annually per train from the person who bags the contract. He would be free to advertise and earn money via TV sets,\" WCR Bhopal senior divisional commercial manager (SDCM) Mandip Bhatia told TOI.He said under their plan, the private party would install TV sets and telecast entertainment programmes, give information about the next station to passengers and speed at which they were moving and other things.Bhatia said four TV sets would be installed in each chair car of two intercity trains. Two TV sets would be put in corridor of Bhopal Express. He said that passengers were very curious about the next station and speed of their train while travelling.Three trains likely to have entertainment facility are: Intercity Express - Habibganj-Jabalpur (12529), Jabalpur- Habibganj (12530), Janshatabdi Habibganj- Jabalpur (12061), Jabalpur - Habibganj (12062) and over Bhopal Express - Habibganj - Hazrat Nizamuddin (12155) and Hazrat Nizamuddin - Habibganj (12156).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15714146", "title": "BJP slams Sheila govt on regularization promise", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Delhi government indicated that a formal announcement regarding the regularization of around 900 colonies may come out next week, the BJP hit back at the Congress saying that the party is misleading Delhiites with the promise of \"bogus certification\".The BJP cited the pre-2008 assembly election declaration where the government had talked about issuing provisional regularization certificates to over 1,200 colonies. \"Till date not a single colony has been regularized,\" said BJP state president Vijender Gupta at a press meet on Saturday. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit had fielded her parliamentary secretary, Uttam Nagar MLA Mukesh Sharma, on Friday, to combat BJP's attacks on the Congress and woo the residents of the unauthorized colonies.Calling the government's move a \"frantic effort to regain lost ground in the aftermath of the Congress debacle in the municipal polls, Gupta said, \"The declaration made by government representatives about regularization is nothing but a lie. An announcement based on fixation of boundaries alone will be grossly inadequate for declaration of regularization. Many critical steps like preparation of layout plans by civic agencies have been skipped for now. This just shows that the government only wants credit for regularization, a process which has already been delayed\".BJP issued a statement where it was stated that regulations for the regularization of illegal colonies were notified for public in the Gazette of India dated March 24, 2008.\"The colonies could be regularized only after fulfilling the required criteria and completing several legal formalities. But after the 2008 notification, the intentions of the government changed and it issued a second notification which was meant to benefit the Congress. In this notification, changes were made to give provisional certificates in the run-up to the 2008 assembly polls,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15741667", "title": "Harrison Ford &amp; John Wayne dubbed as top action heroes", "text": "Harrison Ford, Matt Damon and John Wayne are some of the Hollywood stars, who have been listed among the industry's all-time top action heroes.' The Expendables 2 ,' which is expected to conquer the box office again this weekend, features some of the biggest action heroes of the 1980s and '90s.It prompted thinking about some of Hollywood's all-time best tough guys.'CBS This Morning: Saturday' asked film critics David Edelstein , from New York magazine and 'CBS Sunday Morning,' and Lisa Rosman, from Indiewire.com, to give their picks.Among their favorites were Ford, Damon and the immortal John Wayne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724702", "title": "Woman from Uzbekistan held for staying illegally in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Police, on Saturday, have arrested a 50-year-old woman from Uzbekistan, Firoza for illegally staying in the city. Police said she did not possess any valid documents, necessary for stay in a foreign country, or a passport.According to the police, Firoza came to India in 2004 on tourist visa, but did not return even after expiry of her visa. She was staying here at a rented accommodation in House No. 716 in Sector 8. Her husband's name is Alisher, who is a resident of House No. 53/2 in Mutaphalik Bukhara town in Uzbekistan.\"Firoza was arrested previously too in 2004 for the same offence. At that time, the trial went on in the court and she was acquitted after she produced some documents, which she had got from her friend in Uzbekistan through courier, in the court. She was staying at a rented accommodation in Sector 8 and we conducted a raid this morning,\" said inspector Neeraj Sarna of Sector-3 police station on Saturday. \"She did not have any passport, visa document or any other paper from the embassy. We do not see anything fishy in this case but still our probe is on,\" he added.In the meanwhile, Firoza, who was booked under various sections of the Foreigners' Act, was produced in the court on Saturday and was sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15716188", "title": "How do we stop people from littering in public places?", "text": "There cannot be piecemeal solutions to the larger garbage problem that plagues our landscape. Littering in public places is just one manifestation of the problem. Reduce-Reuse-Recycle coupled with a scientific treatment plant, plus proper collection and delivery system from the source to the plant can be the only solution. The citizenry will also have to support this by way of segregation at source. Laws to support this will obviously have to be in place. The ultimate goal is achievable only through education, education and more education.Sridhar KamatCEO, Fomento, MargaoOne basic thing government must do is place bins at every corner. Secondly, individuals should use them and not just continue littering in public. We as individuals should spread awareness and try and educate those around us against littering in public.Bianca Shettystudent of social work, PanajiThe imposition of fines by the government is a good way to deter people from littering. Given the lack of personnel to enforce this, the government should first educate the public about segregation at source which eliminates half of our waste. Recycling bins, and a regular collection to empty these bins at a recycling/ sorting center at every village or panchayat body is a must.Ashley Delaneye-waste consultant, SaligaoThe best way to prevent people from littering in public places is by creating awareness through the media. More bins should be made available in prominent places of our cities, towns and villages for different types of garbage. It is very important to ensure that the bins should be regularly cleared as this will prevent people from littering in public places. Children should also be taught to throw garbage in litter bins right from school days.Melissa Rodrigueslecturer, Nagoa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15713328", "title": "'Solve Rengepar rehabilitation issue urgently'", "text": "BHANDARA: If Rengepar rehabilitation issue is not resolved and a positive decision is not taken in the proposed meeting of the rehabilitation minister, then the villagers will go to any extent for their cause, said BJP MLA Nana Patole on Saturday.Talking to TOI, Patole said that the state government should resolve the Rengepar rehabilitation issue which took a violent turn on Independence Day. The state government has convened a meeting in Mumbai and the state rehabilitation minister will chair the meeting. The district collector and representatives of Rengepar villagers will attend the meeting but Patole has not been called for the meeting.\"Many farmers, not just in Rengepar but elsewhere in the district, have lost their valuable agriculture land due to erosion by river water. The affected villagers have become landless and there is no source of income for them. When the district administration stops annual revenue assessment of such land, they will become eligible for compensation for which there is a provision in the Land Revenue Code,\" Patole said, adding that his next agenda is demand of compensation for farmers whose land has been devoured by the river. \"A protection wall should be constructed along the river bank in Rengepar village,\" Patole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722694", "title": "1 in 7 cardiac arrest patients are below 40", "text": "MUMBAI: An estimated one out of seven individuals who suffer a sudden cardiac arrest are under 40, city doctors told TOI. Today, even those in their late 20s have been known to get cardiac arrests.Doctors blame the frightening trend on increasing stress and sedentary habits. What is required is raising awareness amongst people about cardiac arrest. Though a cardiac arrest may occur because of heart attack or a coronary blockage 80% of the times, a cardiac arrest, unlike a heart attack, can cause brain death within four minutes.Dr Ameya Udyavar, consultant cardiologist and electrophysiologist at P D Hinduja Hospital, says in a cardiac arrest, the heart's electrical function suddenly stops. \"Because of this, blood circulation stops and if the patient is not revived -- on his own or with the help of cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) -- then it may even cause brain death. It is thus important for a person to understand when to seek medical help,\" he said.Dr Ganesh Kumar, chief interventional cardiologist with L H Hiranandani Hospital, said most people mistake cardiac arrest for gas and avoid going to the doctor. \"We get at least five patients below the age of 40 years each month who suffer from cardiac problems. Even if a person gets a sudden excruciating pain in the chest, which is very different from what they have suffered ever before, they call it gas and sleep over it. What they do not want to accept is that they may have a heart condition at their age.\"A young heart is far more damaged and suffers a more dangerous heart attack than that of an older person. In an old person, calcium settles on cholesterol over a period of time and the heart gets used to the condition. In younger people, even if the vessel has little cholesterol, it bleeds; as a result, arteries expand and the heart suddenly suffers an attack.Dr N O Bansal, head of cardiology at J J Hospital says, sedentary lifestyle, high blood pressure and arterial blockages are major factors leading to a cardiac arrest. \"We have all been seeing the incidence of heart diseases going up in the younger age-group. But though men were considered to be more susceptible earlier, more and more women too suffer from cardiac problems these days. The high stress levels and sedentary lifestyle these days makes sure that nobody is left out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15710192", "title": "Saran sets the track ablaze", "text": "CHENNAI: Saran Vikram staged a remarkable comeback at the Irungattukottai race track on Saturday after a one-year hiatus although the break did not seem to have diminished his sharpness behind the wheels.The Chennai boy, who is driving for Mars Racing - the team which was formed by his father Shanmugam a few years ago - proved in style that his driving skills are still better than his rivals as he won the LGB Formula 4 race on the opening day of round three of the JK Tyre-National racing championship at the MMST track.Ashwin Sundar of Dark Don Racing, who has already made a mark in the junior circuit, found his winning ways again with a second place finish.The 21-year-old Vikram did not participate in the championship last year as the rules did not permit him to race for he had won the Formula Rolon title the previous year. Now, in the new Formula 4 category Saran is once again looking to rule the national championship in the remaining rounds.\"It feels nice to be back. This track is like my second home and I always enjoy racing here. It wasn't easy for me after missing the championship last year but I'm happy with the way I raced today,\" Saran told the TOI.Results: LGB Formula 4 (10 laps): 1. Saran Vikram (Mars Racing) 20mins. 03.725secs); 2. Ashwin Sundar (Dark Don Racing) 20:12.678; 3. Karthik Krishna (WSRF) 20:17.177.Indian Touring Cars (10 laps): 1. Vijaykumar Rajvirdhan (Prime Racing) 20:09.588; 2. Arjun Balu (Tiger Sport) 20:12.563; 3. N Leelakrishnan (Big Foots Racing) 20:18.095.Indian Junior Touring Cars (10 laps): Fahad Kutty (Team Game Over) 1 (26:08.935); S Narendran (IPL Powerpak) 2 (26:10.033); Diljith Shaji (Eram Group Sports Club) 26:14.065.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713458", "title": "'Mars mission won't affect other plans'", "text": "MUMBAI: \"India's mission to Mars will in no way affect any other national programmes and will in fact provide a major boost to the country's technological and scientific developments,\" said principal scientific adviser to the Centre, R Chidambaram on Friday.Approved by the Union government on August 3 and announced by PM Manmohan Singh on Independence Day, the Rs 425-crore mission is slated for a lift-off in November 2013 from Sriharikota. The remark comes after some quarters criticized the plan, saying \"India had other priorities than launching a Mars mission\".Speaking after delivering the second H N Sethna Memorial Lecture, organized by Nehru Centre, he said the mission will trigger excitement among younger generation to study science, technology, engineering and mathematics. \"The first Indian moon mission had a great impact on everyone. The Mars mission will have a similar effect,\" he said. Earlier, during his presentation, he said that the department of heavy industries has proposed a \"National Electric Mobility Mission-2020\" through faster adaptation of electrical vehicles, which will help to reduce pollution.Worldwide, the transportation sector accounts for 30% of energy consumption and 20% of global greenhouse emission, he said.Chidambaram said as a part of the national action plan on climate change, a mission on clean coal technologies is being considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15727431", "title": "When in Kerala, speak like a Malayali", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Here is an opportunity for foreign tourists visiting the state to learn local language. All it takes is 24 hours.To make their Kerala experience more meaningful, tourists can now sign up for a two-week long programme and acquire basic communication skills in Malayalam. The medium of instruction will be English. The learning materials will be given to students free of cost.The state government's Malayalam Mission is ready with the learning materials and training modules for the course titled 'Namukku Padikkam Malayalam'.Tourists will be taught how to communicate with local people in Malayalam at places such as bus stand, railway station, hospital, post office, etc. The timing of the course will be fixed as per the convenience of the tourists.\"Our aim is to provide basic knowledge about Malayalam to tourists. The orientation programme would be beneficial to only those tourists who will stay back in Kerala at least for a couple of weeks. The programme, we think, would help foreigners to have a peek into the linguistic peculiarities of Malayalam,\" said Sajan Peter, principal secretary, cultural affairs, and director, Malayalam Mission.Requests from several tourists who visited the state in the past prompted Malayalam Mission to experiment with the idea, said Peter.To begin with, the orientation course will be held in Thiruvananthapuram. It would be extended to other parts of the state later, based on the response of the tourists and success of the programme.\"A series of advertisement campaigns on Internet would help spread the message about the learning programme. Tourism department is expected to play a crucial role in popularising the course,\" added Peter.Malayalam Mission is also planning to launch elementary and advanced Malayalam courses for foreign students interested to learn the language, people and culture of Kerala, said K Sudhakaran Pillai, registrar, Malayalam Mission. The course would be tailored mostly for foreign students undergoing training at cultural institutions such as Kerala Kalamandalam, said Pillai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15727724", "title": "Trust must to ensure better India-Pak trade: Pakistani trade body official", "text": "AMRITSAR: Trust deficit is required to be reduced more than trade deficit between India and Pakistan. This was observed by visiting former senior vice-president of Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sohail Lashari, on Saturday during his visit to Amritsar along with a delegation of industrialists and businessmen from Pakistan.Talking to TOI, Lashari said: \"We all talk about trade deficit we first need more trust for a stronger foundation for trading activities\". Though things are getting better between the two countries, he said several issues were still unresolved. \"Let trade progress in a smooth manner and investments shall follow. Pakistan banks would come to India and things would change for good,\" he said.Chief executive of Roshan Packaging Pvt Ltd, Tyyab Azaiz Querashi, said, \"When I first came to India around eight years ago, there were a lot of 'ifs and buts' in mind regarding trade but now, with the passage of time, both countries are trading on a lot of things and many more are in the pipeline.\"He said Pakistani businessmen were hopeful of the forthcoming visit of Indian foreign minister S M Krishna and possible visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . \"These visits shall surely boost confidence of Pakistani businessmen to trade with India\".Director of Khanna Paper Mill Suneet Kochhar said: \"The present-day Pakistan publication houses have started procuring paper from India and next they might ask for more things. We must ensure a fine business environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723234", "title": "Molestation charge on shopkeeper", "text": "KOLKATA: A 55-year-old shopkeeper was arrested for molesting a seven-year-old girl at Sarsuna Bazar on Saturday. Baiju Mondal, the accused, tried to drag the girl into his shop and molest her around 2.30pm.Locals rushed to the spot after the girl screamed and rescued her. DC (southwest) Subrata Mitra said that a case under Section 354 had been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710259", "title": "Citizens set about to change their Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of two big constituencies in Bangalore got an opportunity to air their woes to their elected representatives on Saturday.The ichangemycity initiative by Janaagraha saw a huge response in Shantinagar assembly constituency. At the open forum , citizens zeroed in on the problems in their area with their ward corporators, MLA and authorities from civic agencies such as BBMP, Bescom, police and BWSSB.Rehab strays in outskirtsAddressing the issue of the stray dog menace, Shanthinagar MLA NA Haris suggested that BBMP rehabilitate all stray dogs of the city on 100 acres of land in the outskirts of Bangalore. \"Who's important? Human beings or dogs? Why can't they be shifted to the outskirts? Even the BWSSB valve men who are out early in the morning on duty are afraid of strays.\"Reacting to this, BBMP special commissioner KR Niranjana said the state government had already filed an impleading application before the Supreme Court, seeking exemption for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960 to deal with the stray dog menace. \"As per the rulebook, we cannot shift stray dogs from their original location. It amounts to cruelty,\" he said.\"I change my city is a good initiative taken up by Janaagraha. It brings in officials who work in the constituency and allows one-to-one interaction. Last year, the MLA had also conducted a Janaspandana programme,\" said Vilasini Rajagopalan from Viveknagar.At a Janaspandana held in Jayanagar, the scene was no different. Representatives of various residents' welfare associations and citizens poured out their complaints about parking violations, garbage dumping and its segregation, violation of building by-laws, use of plastic, problems faced while walking on narrow footpaths, unscientific humps on roads etc.Local MLA BN Vijaykumar said Janaspandana would henceforth be held on the third Saturday of every month in all constituencies of Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15713061", "title": "Spurt in dog bite cases in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of East and North Nagpur are living in fear due to the growing stray dog menace in many areas. In fact, as many as 1487 dog bite cases have been recorded in the last 16 months at the Isolation hospital of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) alone.As per NMC records, there are around 80,000 stray dogs in the city. Its hospitals have recorded 6,281 dog bite cases in the last 16 months. Though no data is available on cases treated at government medical college and hospital, IGGMCH and private hospitals, they are likely to be in large numbers.According to NMC's health department, the isolation hospital recorded 1487 dog bite cases, followed by Sadar Diagnostic Centre with 1471, Mahal hospital (1160), Pachpaoli hospital (880), Indira Gandhi hospital (752) and Chakole hospital (431).A dog bite victim has to take three anti-rabies injections. The NMC has incurred an expenditure of around Rs36 lakh since the last few years to provide this treatment free of cost at its six hospitals and clinics.According to Shiv Sena corporator Alka Dalal, garbage heap on the roadsides and corners is the main reason behind growing number of stray dogs in many areas. \"The garbage attracts the stray dogs who feast on it. If the garbage is cleared regularly, these dogs will not wander around,\" said Dalal adding that the number of stray dogs in her Bastarwari ward has increased manifold.Residents of many localities are fed up with constant barking of these dogs during the night. Jaripatka resident Ramesh Raghuwanshi said, \"We cannot sleep at night due to the stray dog menace. At times, the dogs even enter our houses.\"Ashok Bhoyar, a resident of Manewada, said, \"It's a grave issue. Many people, mostly two-wheeler riders, have been hurt as these dogs chase them, especially in the night. Since no action was taken on our earlier complaints, we will now approach municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.\"Admitting a rise in number of dog bite cases, NMC veterinary officials said that canines normally do not attack unless provoked; they only bite in self-defense or if they feel threatened.The officials also admitted that discontinuation of the Animal Birth Control Programme has led to an increase in the canine population. The officials claimed that the NMC will re-start the programme by next month.Canine concern*There are around 80,000 stray dogs in the city*Dog bite cases on the rise in areas of North and East Nagpur*NMC hospitals have recorded 6,281 dog bite cases in the last 16 months, 1487 cases at isolation hospital alone*NMC has spent around Rs36 lakh since the last few years on free anti-rabies treatment*Officials admit discontinuation of the Animal Birth Control Programme has led to an increase in canine population", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713824", "title": "2,100 saplings planted in Central Park", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Park would now be the Pink City's lungs as the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has planted 2100 saplings of tall trees on Saturday. The park is spread over an area of around 27 hactare of lush green grass but has very few trees.Now, JDA has planted around 2,100 saplings of tall trees on two locations, which would be known as woodland. One of them would be developed on the side of Narayansingh Circle while the other will be developed near gate number 5 of the park, a JDA official said.\"There are primarily four reasons for developing the woodland in Central Park. First, the park requires 15 lakh litre of water for daily to keep the grass green. But, the availability of water is just 5 lakh litre and the ground water level is continuously depleting. These trees will help in conserving water,\" he said.Moreover, trees serve as anti-polluting agent, home for birds and shelter for visitors in the park, the official added.As JDA wanted to reduce the need for water in the Central Park, it has decided to cover around four hactare of land with trees. The JDA planted the saplings putting a distance of 20 feet between two saplings. The height of tree will vary but some of them will be as tall as 12 feet.Officials said it would take around four to five years for the saplings to grow. The saplings included neem, jamun, peepal, figs and other trees which bear fruits and give shelter to visitors and birds.Also, some of the saplings have been planted alongside the walk way.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot , Union social justice and empowerment minister Mukul Wasnik, Urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal also planted saplings at the park on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "15720821", "title": "Minister mum on raising turmeric price", "text": "ERODE: The much-hyped turmeric farmers' conference in this trade hub on Saturday to discuss the steep fall in the prices of the yellow spice turned out to be a damp squib with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar keeping off the meet and his deputy, Charan Das Mahant, acting shy of making any announcement on raising the procurement price of turmeric.Despite claims of All-India Turmeric Farmers' Federation, which organized the event, that over a lakh farmers from across south India would attend the conference, only 5,000 people turned up at the mammoth venue at VOC Park. The 'turmeric rally' organized from Kodumudi, about 40 km away from the meeting venue, too was poorly attended. Unexpected rains also played spoilsport and the absence of representatives from leading political parties added to the disappointment of the organisers.Mahant, who reached the venue hours late after landing in Coimbatore airport, made it clear that he was not in a position to independently fix any price for procuring turmeric. In his short speech, he said that a quintal of row turmeric must fetch at least Rs 9,000 but refused to promise any action. He said a decision on the base price could be made only after consulting Pawar and senior ministry officials. The lack of any commitment despite wide expectations that Pawar himself would arrive and declare the base price irked many farmer leaders and they expressed their dismay to the union minister of state at the venue itself. Erode MP A Ganesamoorthy, who attended the meet, expressed his displeasure to the minister before he left the venue. The farmers were expecting that the union ministers would announce a base price between Rs 10,000 and Rs 13,000.Addressing the farmers earlier, Mahant said the present market price of Rs 7,000 for a quintal is inadequate as the daily wage for a labourer alone is between Rs 300 and Rs 400. \"As a member of an agricultural family, I know your pain and I would take up the matter with the government,'' he said. He also disclosed that the Union government would set up an Rs 50-crore food park in Erode, which would help turmeric farmers get better price. \"The state government must provide 50 acre of land for the park,'' he said. He also indicated that the support price for turmeric farmers could be enhanced if the state government agrees to share 50% of the cost with the Union government.He also assured the gathering that the demand of MDMK leader Vaiko for a spices park in Erode would be considered favourably by Union commerce minister Anand Sharma. After the minister left the venue, federation president P K Deivasigamany announced that the federation has fixed the base price as Rs 9,000. He urged farmers not to sell their produce below Rs 9,000 until the federation reviews it. Like the national egg coordination committee, the federation would review the market situation periodically and fix the price, he said. According to him, turmeric, which was sold at Rs 17,000 a quintal two years ago, had touched a low of Rs 3,500 in June before recovering to the present price of Rs 7,000 for a quintal.MDMK chief Vaiko, Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan, P Lingam MP, K Balakrishnan MLA and Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam leader E R Esawaran were among those who addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15716330", "title": "Three-day police remand for Gopal Goyal Kanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday remanded former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, key accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, to three-day police custody so that investigators can to quiz him over the recovery of crucial evidence, including mobile phones, and a hard disk.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala extended Kanda's custodial interrogation till August 28 after Delhi Police said the recovery of four mobile phones-three belonging to Kanda and one to Geetika-and a hard disk of his home computer were needed because they were allegedly used to intimidate her.Court asks police to speed up probePolice said custody of an evasive and non-cooperative Kanda was needed to trace Geetika's mobile phone, which she surrendered after quitting the defunct MDLR unit, and to get his complete passport to figure out if he went to Dubai to force her to resign from Emirates airlines.Accepting the police plea for extension of custody, the court said: \"In the present facts and circumstances three days police custody remand of accused Kanda is granted to effect the recovery of the mobile phones used by the accused for commission of the offence and also to recover the hard disk allegedly removed from the computer system of the accused.\"The court asked the police to speed up investigation saying: \"It is reminded to the IO (that he) should complete the investigation swiftly and shall make all possible endeavour to complete the investigation within the time granted.\"The police pleaded that the recovery of the mobile phone was crucial as according to Kanda's disclosure, the phones had some audio and video clippings which might be relevant to the case. He said during the search at his house, they found that the computer hard disk had been removed.Police said Kanda showed interest in getting Geetika to return to MDLR after she left for Dubai and was pursuing MBA, which was clear from the fact that he and his wife her parents to recall her, promising to treat her as their daughter and fund her MBA.Despite her parents' refusal, he had sponsored her studies and paid Rs 7.5lakh, the prosecutor said. He said Kanda also floated another company, AKG, which had the name of Geetika without her involvement. While public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan was making submissions about Kanda's visit to Geetika's home regarding her MBA, the court asked when she was already a major, was her parents' permission necessary. Replying, he said this aspect shows Kanda compelled Geetika to join his job.The prosecutor said the email sent to Geetika in Dubai on extradition proceedings started against her was fictitious. The MDLR employee who had sent the email to Geetika had told cops that Kanda had provided the text through Aruna Chaddha. Countering the argument of Kanda's non-cooperation, his counsel Ramesh Gupta said, that he had a right to be silent and he couldn't be forced to testify.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15723494", "title": "Hunt for HIV Slayers", "text": "The Blood Of A Rare Set Of HIV-Infected Who Have Led Healthy Lives May Hold Vital Clues To Designing The Elusive AIDS VaccineNEW DELHI: Almost 25 years after she identified India's first six cases of HIV way back in 1986, Dr Suniti Solomon is on another pathbreaking hunt - to find a 'broadly neutralizing antibody' (bNab) from the blood of an Indian HIV patient.There's a global hunt on for bNabs, a set of antibodies that can be found in the blood of HIV patients. These antibodies are capable of stopping the HIV virus from entering blood cells and replicating , thereby arresting an HIV-infected person's progression to AIDS. (An antibody is an infection-fighting protein produced by our immune system when it detects harmful substances like viruses and bacteria.)Called Protocol G, the global project to identify bNabs was started in 2006 by the International Aids Vaccine Initiative (IAVI). So far, blood samples of 1,800 such HIV patients have been screened across 12 countries and 19 bNAbs identified. Margaret McGlynn, IAVI president told TOI that these special antibodies hold vital clues to the design of an effective AIDS vaccine that has eluded scientists so far.The Chennai-based Solomon is busy identifying a rare tribe of HIV-infected patients from across India who've been healthy for years without requiring life-saving anti-retroviral treatment (ART). These people are called \"elite controllers\" . \"The goal is to isolate antibodies that are broadly effective against Clade C subtype of HIV, which predominates in India,\" McGlynn added.The blood samples collected are sent to the all-new Translational Health Sciences and Technology Institute (THSTI) in Gurgaon where scientists will isolate antibodies for testing and see if any of them can stop a variety of HIV subtypes from infecting their target cells.Solomon, who works at YR Gaitonde Center for AIDS Research and Education (YRG CARE) said, \"Only a minority of people who are infected with HIV produce bNAbs. Although HIV is a wildly mutable virus, certain parts of it are relatively resistant to change. These are essential to the virus's ability to infect, and they are the elements of HIV that bNAbs target.\"Till now, blood samples from 39 elite controllers have been collected. \"We look for patients who've been infected for over four years but have not required ART. We estimate that of 100 such people, 20% would contain a bNab. We are collecting their blood samples and isolating cells that produce the bNab.\"Solomon's team aims to collect samples from 200 elite controllers. \"If IAVI manages to isolate a bNab from any of these blood samples, we will call the patient back and collect 200 ml of blood from him or her over a period of six months. We will then prepare more bNabs from it and try to develop a vaccine,\" she says.IAVI India chief Rajat Goyal says these antibodies could ultimately reveal the Achilles' heel of the virus and help create the HIV vaccine . Experts at the THSTI will look at how the bNab binds to the virus. This will tell scientists which part of the virus the vaccine should target. \"The idea is to create artificially synthesized mimics of their targets on HIV, to be used in vaccines to elicit similar actions and teach the immune system how to thwart HIV infection,\" experts said.\"With 7,100 people contracting HIV every day, effective tools to prevent infection are indispensable in the fight against HIV. A broadlyeffective AIDS vaccine would be a powerful asset,\" said M K Bhan, secretary of the department of biotechnology.No bNabs have yet been isolated in the India programme . But it's early days yet, said McGlynn. \"Serum samples collected will first be analyzed for their breadth of neutralization of HIV - in other words, the variety of HIV strains they can neutralize in laboratory assays. The most broadly neutralizing sera will be further analyzed to isolate and clone the antibodies responsible for that activity.\"Those antibodies will then be studied in detail for their biochemistry and, if possible, molecular structures and the structures that each targets on the HIV virus . The package of information gleaned will then be put to use to design a new class of the Aids vaccine.Vaccine against HIVWhy is it so hard to find it?Mutable |HIV is among the most mutating/ changing viruses. If it had an unchanging part, this could be used to teach immune system to neutralize HIV variantsControls Not Known |It's not known which elements of immune response can be used to control HIV because no one has ever been 'cleared' of itRapid Action |Immune system has narrow window of opportunity to neutralize HIV before it infects for lifeAll about bnabsWhat is a bNab |Antibody that can stop HIV sub-types from infecting target cells. They're produced by white blood cellsDo HIV infected have bNabs? |Only a few HIVinfected produce bNAbsWhy bNabs are important| Though mutable, parts of HIV are relatively changeresistant . These are key to its ability to infect white blood cells and multiply. These are parts of HIV that bNAbs targetResearch on bnabsBNabs known |In 2009, two bNAbs isolated. Over next two years, a handful isolated from HIV+. Recently, 17 bNAbs discovered. Total 19 bNabs knownUse of bNabs in Aids vaccine |BNAbs' action reveal vulnerabilities of HIV. Scientists can use info on how bNAbs bind to HIV to build immunogens. More the number of such antibodies researchers have, more clues they get about how best to attack HIV with a vaccine", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15747610", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger's poster inspires Shirish Kunder", "text": "Director Shirish Kunder reveals Joker's new promo that resembles the poster image of Salman Khan's recent blockbuster, Ek Tha Tiger, and introduces the alien, 'Golkot'.There is an uncanny resemblance between Salman Khan's first poster where he is looking over Morocco, and the computer generated alien looking upon the fictitious region of Paglapur in this film.Shirish Kunder says, \"Golkot is a big fan of Salman Khan and strikes the same pose as he did in Ek Tha Tiger . I am sure Salman will find this quite funny.\"Shirish has worked with international experts to make this new promo, which could give a glimpse of the heavy duty effects in the sci-fi film.Interestingly, the first promo of Joker also plays on the name of Salman's NGO, Being Human. It reads, 'When being human doesn't work...try being alien'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15720571", "title": "Migrants issue skirted in Bangladesh talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ethnic conflagration in lower Assam has put the spotlight yet again on illegal migration, with Bodo outfits and other political parties calling it the root cause for unrest in the state that threatens to spill over. Yet, illegal migration from Bangladesh ceased to figure as a problem in talks between India and its eastern neighbour since 1992.Neither the Congress-led UPA nor the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre raised the \"problem\" with Bangladesh, said sources in the MEA and the Bangladesh government.Veena Sikri, ex-Indian high commissioner to Dhaka, said, \"When former Bangladeshi PM Khaleda Zia came to India in 1992, illegal migration was discussed formally. It was recognized as a problem and both countries agreed to work towards a solution.\" In bilateral documents since then, illegal migration was replaced with \"cross-border illegal movement\", a formulation which would suggest downplaying of an issue that roiled Assam in the 1980s. Bangladeshi foreign minister Dipu Moni recently told an Indian TV channel that illegal migration is not a point of bilateral conflict as it \"hasn't been raised with us, at least not in the recent past\".\"On the sidelines of talks with Bangladesh, India has mentioned illegal migration but has not produced clinching evidence,\" said former Intelligence Bureau special director R N Ravi, who handled north-east.What exactly is the magnitude of the illegal migration of Bangladesh? Nobody knows. \"I don't know the exact number of Bangladeshi nationals in Bodoland, but neither does the state government,\" said Urkhao Gwra Brahma, a senior Bodo leader and former RS MP.Home ministry figures offer no help. According to them, 591 infiltrators were arrested between January and July 31, 2012. Of them, 22 were caught in Assam, a far cry from the hordes which BJP, AGP and Bodos allege enter Assam each month. On the contrary, 936 were arrested while trying to sneak into Bangladesh from India.\"Nobody has done a dispassionate study to find out the scale of migration. It's a highly emotive issue that recurs in political rhetoric,\" said Ravi.Other experts agree illegal migration has been politicized, but not addressed. Sikri said, \"Bangladesh is in denial and there are no clear positions within India on the issue. India needs to quantify the problem in the interest of good bilateral relation\".The diminished salience of the problem in bilateral dialogue contrasts with the importance political parties like BJP and AGP attach to it. BJP president on Thursday repeated Assam riots marked a \"clash between Indians and foreigners\".Brahma said, \"There was no sudden en masse migration from Bangladesh before the riots. Root cause of the recent clashes is not just Bangladeshi migrants but also non-tribals moving to Bodoland from the rest of India. Tribals have become a minority in their own land.\"However, Bodoland Territorial Council chief Hagrama Mohilary blamed Bangladesh migrants for the conflict.Ravi said migration from Bangladesh is a continuing phenomenon. \"While the issue of Bangladeshi migration remains unaddressed, the Assam government has been practicing the politics of ethno-exclusivism. This has stoked the latent fear of the \"other\" among subaltern communities,\" said Ravi.Till the Centre and the state practice inclusive politics, the recent ethnic cleansing in Assam won't be the last, he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720167", "title": "Heavy rain floods roads, hits traffic", "text": "CHENNAI: The suburbs received more than 4 cm rainfall in less than two hours on Saturday. Elsewhere in the city, roads were flooded and vehicles stranded as the sudden downpour threw life out of gear.The Met department recorded 0.3 mm rainfall in Nungambakkam and as much as 47 mm in Meenambakkam. The suburbs received more rain which was caused, Met department officials said, by convective heat that vapourises sea water and increases the moisture content in the air. The sea breeze laden with moisture runs into the south-westerlies, causing rain.Rains are also expected on Sunday with the Met department forecasting that the \"sky will be cloudy and rain or thundershowers are likely in some areas.\"On Saturday evening, the downpour slowed down traffic along arterial roads like GST road, Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road. Traffic on these roads, where metro rail work sites have eaten into the carriage way, was slow anyway and the rain compounded the problem.\"Visibility was poor and it was difficult to drive,\" said a motorist who drove from Porur to Guindy in the heavy rain.Two-wheeler riders were held up for several hours on many roads. \"I did not think the rain would strengthen so quickly. I left home to take a few photocopies of a document as there was a light drizzle. But it started pour and I had to spend nearly an hour under the awning of a shop at Triplicane,\" said M Manju, a resident.Clouds started to form in the west and north of the city from afternoon. There was a drizzle for some time in the evening in areas close to the shore. It started to rain around 7.30pm and strengthened at 8pm.The rains bring hope that the week ahead will be not as hot as in previous days. Mercury levels were hovering around 33-35 Celsius in the last few days. On Saturday, too, the temperature in the city the day was high because of the high humidity \u2014 97%.\"Day time temperature is expected to drop in the coming days,\" said a Met department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15720956", "title": "Former MLA Lakshmanan is no more", "text": "COIMBATORE: Senior Congress leader and former MLA V K Lakshmanan passed away at his residence in Vada Madurai locality near Thudiyalur after a prolonged bout of illness on Saturday. He was 78 and is survived by three children. He was elected to the state assembly thrice from 1991 to 2006 from Coimbatore.\"He was one of the senior most members of the party and was a very simple leader to every party worker. The faith the people of Coimbatore had in him and his efficiency is evident from his electoral record,\" said A R Chinnaiyan, president, District Congress Committee.Lakshmanan was residing at the outskirts of the city and was not active in politics after his health deteriorated. He was very close to Congress stalwart K Kamaraj and was appointed as district Congress president in 1969. He was elected to the state assembly in 1991 from Coimbatore East constituency on a Congress ticket.When G K Moopanar broke ranks with the Congress to form Tamil Maanila Congress, he joined TMC and was elected MLA in 1996 and 2001. The last rites are expected to be held here on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15713697", "title": "Man fakes kin's death, claims insurance", "text": "JAIPUR: In a meticulously planned forgery that has left the police shocked, a man cremated the body of a man who had died in an accident claiming him to be his brother-in-law and asked for the insurance amount of over Rs 20 lakh.Subhash Chowk police found the brother-in-law alive and lodged an FIR against the fraudster and his friends who helped him in the crime. The insurance claim is yet to be approved.According to the police, the accused has been identified Jitendra Kumar, a resident of Sikar town.\"Jitendra had approached the accident police to claim a body in May last year. He claimed that his brother-in-law Kishore had died in an accident in front of Samrat Cinema Hall in the city and said the body belonged to Kishore,\" said Subhash Chowk police station sub-inspector Hari Singh who is investigating the case.Jitendra cremated the body and got about half a dozen people record their statements before the police. He also provided fake documents to support his claim.\"On the same day when Jitendra lodged an FIR to claim the body, a missing complaint had also been registered with Ramganj police station. The compliant said one Santosh had gone missing,\" the officer said.Following the missing complaint, Ramganj police put Santosh's mobile on surveillance. \"The mobile was traced recently and seized from a man. The man said that the owner of the mobile phone had died in an accident in front of Samrat Cinema Hall. All of them are being interrogated,\" Singh said.The man also told the police that he and some others had rushed the accident victim to SMS Hospital. \"The man took away the mobile phone belonging to the accident victim,\" the officer said.\"When the Ramganj police checked the records, it came up that an insurance claim had been filed for the accident victim with Subhash Chowk police station. It led to a confusion as Kishore and Subhash as both have no apparent connection,\" the officer said.A team was rushed to Sikar where Kishore was found to be alive.\"It seems that Jitendra read the death of an unidentified man's death in newspapers and faked the body to be that of Kishore. We have lodged an FIR under section of 420 of the IPC against him and some other people. We are looking for his whereabouts,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15730313", "title": "Breast cancer: Not just a woman thing", "text": "MUMBAI: In the swell of advocacy on breast cancer, a crucial fact trails behind the campaign\u2014it's not only women but men who also develop the disease. The numbers are not as large: only one per cent of all breast cancer cases are diagnosed in men. However, some reports indicate that this statistic is slowly rising.This limited advocacy and fewer awareness campaigns have ensured that male breast cancer has remained more or less off the radar and perhaps contributed to its late diagnosis in men. The treatment and cure of cancer hinges to a great extent on its early detection and timely treatment\u2014and while women are constantly counselled to have check-ups and scope out for warning signs, men are not even aware they're included in the odds.Gilbert Fernandes, for one, spared little thought for a small lump he detected close to the nipple in 2010. \"It wasn't painful , which is why I carried on with things without getting it diagnosed,\" he says. The 71-year-old's cancer would have gone undetected, were it not for the fact that a routine visit to his doctor to have his diabetes monitored took him to another examination room when his own doctor didn't show up.\"Having nothing else to do, I decided to get the lump examined ,\" he says. A later biopsy revealed it for what it was, and in September last year Fernandes underwent breast surgery at Tata Memorial Hospital, where atumour measuring 6.4 cm was extracted. \"I remember having to visit various departments in the course of my diagnosis, and I was always the only man in a queue of women. I was once even asked if I was waiting in the right line,\" he says.A question he put to the medical staff at the time was, 'Am I the only unfortunate man to be diagnosed with breast cancer?' He was not.While researchers have not completely catalogued all causes for breast cancer in men, according to the American Cancer Society several risk factors have been identified. These include aging, radiation exposure , estrogen treatment, heavy alcohol intake, obesity and a family history of breast cancer (an inherited genetic mutation of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes is a contributing factor). There has been an increased incidence reported in men who have a number of female relatives with breast cancer . Incidentally, research in female breast cancer greatly outweighs research in male breast cancer, a discrepancy that is being redressed.Dr Rajendra Badwe, the dean of Tata Memorial Centre, says the survival rate for male breast cancer is around 45 per cent, a statistic that could improve if men were diagnosed early. According to Dr Sultan Pradhan, an oncologist and surgeon with Prince Aly Khan Hospital, a reason for late diagnosis in men\u2014apart from low awareness about the issue\u2014is the fact that mammography, while used as a screening tool for women, is not an option for men. \"By the time a man presents himself for diagnosis, the tumour could have advanced to a stage of ulceration or it could burst through the skin, by which time the chances that it would spread to the lymph nodes in the axila or armpit would have increased,\" says Dr Pradhan, who once treated a married couple, both with breast cancer.Yet, it is women who mostly visit support groups to help them rehabilitate. Anahita Vesuvala , who has been running a free Cancer Rehab Clinic at Prince Aly Khan for 20 years, says she has so far only had two men come in. Apparently, men don't react to news of this cancer in the way women do, the latter having much more at stake. Post-mastectomy , men don't seek prostheses, and few choose reconstructive surgery.\"While a man does not undergo the extent of psychological trauma a woman would, the word 'cancer' itself does make anyone nervous,\" writes breast cancer survivor Harshad Gandhi, who lives and works in California. \"I decided against cosmetic surgery; I'm sure that wouldn't have been the case if I were a woman.\"Perhaps it's time for male survivors in India too to come out in support of breast cancer. Perhaps it's time for advocacy groups to extend the ribbon to them as well.(The first Indian Breast Cancer Survivors' Conference will take place in Pune on October 6 and 7. Contact womens.cancer .initiative@gmail.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15718807", "title": "Decomposed body of youth found in brother-in-law\u2019s house", "text": "VARANASI: The decomposed body of a youth identified as Rajesh Gaud (22), who was allegedly murdered by his brother-in-law Vindhyavasini Gaud at his residence in Lathia, under Rohania police area, was recovered on Saturday morning. Police launched a manhunt to nab Vindhyavasini after lodging an FIR in this connection.Rajesh, a native of Bidapur in Mirzapur district was employed in Surat. He had recently come home. On August 20, he left his for Amra in Rohania to meet the family of his elder sister Manju. Rajesh's younger sister Anju was married to Vindhyavasini of Lathia village in June 2011. But due to some family dispute Anju left the place of her husband for her parents' house after few months of marriage and did not return. Vindhyavasini and his family tried to solve the dispute but failed to do so.When Rajesh was returning home after visiting the place of Manju on August 20, Vindhyavasini met him on the way. Afterwards he took Rajesh to his house in Lathia village. Reports stated that after taking Rajesh inside his house Vindhyavasini murdered him. He locked the body inside the house and fled from the scene. When the body decomposed and foul smell spread in the village, the villagers reported the matter to the police on Saturday morning. When the police broke open Vindhyavasini's house, the decomposed body of Rajesh was found. SP (rural) Amarendra Pratap also reached the spot. On the complaint of Rajesh's father, police lodged an FIR against Vindhyavasini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15714583", "title": "Yet another IITian falls to \u2018academic pressure\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: Suicide by V Nehru, a second year BTech student of IIT-Kanpur on Thursday at a deserted place in Abdulapurmet near Hayathnagar in Andhra Pradesh has left the students shocked. Nehru had consumed poison to end his life.The friends of V Nehru were sad when they learnt that their friend had ended his life. Those who knew Nehru well said that he was a brilliant boy with a sharp brain. He was an introvert and never used to open up much with others.The fellow students of V Nehru were unaware of the fact that he was reeling under depression. In May, when Nehru faced termination, his friends had asked him to make a mercy appeal so that he could be reinstated but he refused to do so. As a result, Nehru had to leave the IIT-Kanpur campus and he went back to his native place in Andhra Pradesh. But Nehru preferred keeping this fact hidden from his parents, thinking that this might hurt them.\"We are shocked over the death of Nehru as it could never be thought that he would take such an extreme step and end his life.He should have applied for mercy appeal and got himself reinstated. Termination from academic course does not mean that there is no chance to spring back. It's sad that our friend is no more,\" said a friend of V Nehru, who is presently in the second year of BTech in electronics.Some of Nehru's friends had tears in their eyes, especially those who belonged to Andhra Pradesh and close to him.\"Here in IIT-Kanpur, we have a group of students hailing from Andhra Pradesh. This group consist of students from different courses, ranging from I year to final year. Nehru was also a part of the group. It's unbelievable that he is no more and that he was reeling under depression,\" said a senior of V Nehru, wishing not to be named.Even the IIT-Kanpur staffers were shocked to learn that the boy had committed suicide.\"After reading today's newspaper we learnt V Nehru has committed suicide. Though I don't know who he was but any student who is a part of IIT system dies in this way, it is undoubtedly very painful,\" said a staffer.The authorities of IIT-K said that in case of facing termination, the students should apply for mercy appeal instead of undergoing depression.AK Ghosh, dean student affairs, said that like any other student who is terminated, V Nehru also had a chance to make mercy appeal for his reinstatement but he did not try.An IIT student is supposed to get a minimum of 4.5 on a 10-point scale to be considered for promotion to the next level (second year in Nehru's case).Several students of IIT-Kanpur have committed suicide in past while they were reeling under depression. It was due to academic pressure that the students took such an extreme step. Incidents of suicide one after the other had shaken the IIT-Kanpur administration. Parents of the student who commit suicide are the worst sufferers. So far, ten IIT-Kanpur students have ended their lives.The IIT-Kanpur administration claims to have a team of counsellors and psychiatrists to tackle the students reeling under depression. Counselling sessions are held from time to time to. Students are asked to come and share their problems. The students come under depression only when they are not able to perform well in academics, further leading to taking decisions like committing suicide.The institute authorities claimed that academic termination of a student from a course is a routine procedure conducted every semester.This procedure is being followed for last several years, giving terminated student a chance to get reinstated by applying for mercy appeal. The terminated student has to justify before the academic senate why he/she could not perform well and if the answer is satisfactory, he/she gets reinstated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15738835", "title": "Indian soldiers pick up Mandarin in Nathu La pass", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Nihao ma?\" the burly Sikh soldier asks with a distinct Punjabi accent. His colleague from Madhubani in Bihar answers: \"Wo hinhao. Ni ne?\"The soldier's Maithili accent is quite evident, much to the amusement of the others watching the skit. The officers judging the show aren't laughing though. For them, it is serious business. The words exchanged are a simple \"How are you?\" and \"I am fine. And you?\" in basic Mandarin.Believe it or not, Indian soldiers posted at the 14,130 feet high Nathu La Pass in East Sikkim are not only picking up Mandarin phrases but also putting them to use in skits. These skits are judged by officers, many of who are experts in the language and the winning team is rewarded.\"The soldiers are actually encouraged to pick up the language. The basic phrases not only help during interactions with Chinese soldiers and traders but also help to understand what is being said on the other side. It is a difficult proposition for a soldier from the Punjab or one from Tamil Nadu to pick up Mandarin but most have taken it up as a pastime as there is not much else to do in this remote part of the country.The competitions are organized to encourage them. Nowadays, some soldiers are even heard conversing between themselves in Mandarin, just for the fun of it,\" an officer said. For someone better trained in the language, the impromptu skits sound and look far worse than poorly-dubbed run of the mill Kung-fu flicks, an officer says but they serve a greater purpose. For one, it helps to lighten the mood during interactions like the special border personnel meet held on Independence Day. More importantly, it helps the soldiers interpret basic messages that they pick up from across the border during routine patrols.\"Though we don't expect the soldiers - with their basic knowledge of the language - to interpret all messages, most of which are encrypted, sometimes even simple information can come in handy. There is also a lot of information that can be gleaned from traders, many of who can't speak Indian languages. The knowledge of basic Mandarin is crucial as the terrain is hostile and there is always the possibility of natural calamities when patrols are sometimes cut off from base,\" another officer said.Trade between India and China resumed six years ago. Under an agreement between the two countries, 29 items are exported from India and 15 imported. While Indian traders go as far as Renquinggang in the Tibet Autonomous Region, Chinese traders come up to Sherathang. This year, nearly 300 applications have been received from traders for passes, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15713209", "title": "45 in fray for Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee elections", "text": "Gondia: Total 45 candidates are in the fray for posts of 18 directors on Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC), election for which will be held on September 9. Of the 134 candidates who had filed their nominations, 90 withdrew their papers on August 22. The election campaign kicked off after allotment of symbols on August 23.The APMC general elections are being held after a gap of 12 years. Of the 18 posts, nine are to be elected from Seva Sahakari Societies, two posts are reserved for women, one for other backward communities, one for ST/SC, two for general, one for financial backward communities, two for merchants and one for the porters.It's a close contest between the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Shiv Sena-Bharatiya Janata Party. Since the APMC is primarily a rural-based institution, the Shiv Sena-BJP holds the upper hand as it is presently in power at both the ZP and the panchayat samitis.Moreover, president of the municipal council However, the fact is the president Dipak Nashine and vice president Seema Bhalerao who originally belonged to congress have left the congress and formed different group and are at present in power with the support of BJP and as such how far the congress NCP alliance works here is a matter worth seeing after 9th September 2012. Since APMC is prominently a rural-based institution which comes under the ZP and panchayat samitis, which are present ruled by the SS-BJP alliance, and as such BJP alliance looks set to do well.The deputy district director of Gondia, DR Pinjarkar, is the election officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15757488", "title": "AP chief minister lauds U-19 Indian cricket team", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday congratulated the Indian team which won the Under-19 cricket World Cup in Australia.The young team's success over the Australian team in Australia bodes well for the future of Indian cricket, Reddy, himself a former cricketer, said in message.He had special words of praise for the Indian captain Unmukt Chand who played a key role in India's win with an unbeaten century.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15727551", "title": "Two months on, Punjab minister's personal assistant still at large", "text": "AMRITSAR: Rs 1.5 crore, sanctioned by cash-strapped Punjab government for welfare of villagers in Punjab, never reached them. It has been two months and police are clueless about the whereabouts of Sarabdyal Singh -- personal assistant of cabinet minister for SC/BC welfare in the SAD-BJP government, Gulzar Singh Ranike -- who is wanted in a case of rural development fund scam.\"We are on the lookout for him and have conducted raids at his possible hideouts, but we are yet to catch hold of Sarabdyal Singh,\" senior superintendent of police, Amritsar (rural) P S Virk told TOI on Saturday. Despite moving an application that he was innocent in the case, Sarabdyal was not appearing before police to clarify his position, the SSP said.After the scam came to light, the minister has completely disowned his PA. \"I had discharged him from service immediately after the matter came to light. He is being investigated by police and if found guilty, law will take its own course,\" said Ranike.Police had registered a case against Sarabdyal Singh and Om Parkash, manager, Bank of Maharashtra , on June 26 under sections 406/409/419/420/ 467/468/471/120-B of IPC at Civil Lines police station for siphoning off grants sanctioned by Ranike for rural development in Dhatal and Ramowal villages. Following registration of FIR, police had arrested Om Parkash while Sarabdyal is still at large. The FIR was lodged on the complaint of Gurpartap Singh, district development and panchayat officer.Amritsar (urban) police had constituted a three-member committee headed by assistant deputy commissioner of police, Amrik Singh Powar, to investigate the scam, who had indicted both Sarabdyal and Om Pakrash in the Rs 1.5-crore scam case.Sarabdyal Singh, in connivance with the bank manager, had opened fake bank accounts of a sarpanch and encashed 12 cheques for village grants. The embezzlement came to light following reports about misuse of government money released in 2011 before the assembly elections, in 12 villages of Attari assembly segment.Following orders from headquarters, the investigation was transferred to Amritsar (rural) police. Virk said he would submit a report on investigations after the arrest of Sarabdyal, while Amritsar police commissioner would give the final report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15723125", "title": "Coalgate: Chidambaram questions BJP\u2019s no-debate stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is giving as good as it gets with finance minister P Chidambaram counter-attacking on coalgate by asking why BJP is blocking a debate in Parliament if the opposition is sure that it has a strong case against the government.\"If BJP has such a strong case, why don't they debate the subject in Parliament,\" Chidambaram said, reacting to BJP leader Arun Jaitley's assertion that NDA will insist on its demand that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh quit over the alleged scam.Outlining BJP's tough stance, Jaitley said, \"Our strategy does not permit that we allow the government to use Parliament to end this debate without any accountability.\"In response, Chidambaram asked, \"That is what I would like to ask them. Why debate the issue on TV. Why not in Parliament?\"The clash between the legal eagles provides a foretaste of the face-off over the CAG report slamming the government for not auctioning coal blocks when Parliament meets on Monday. The government is in no mood to relent and intends to match BJP's aggression with Sonia Gandhi having made it clear that Congress must take the battle to the opposition camp. \"There is no question of being defensive,\" said a government manager.Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar is expected to call a meeting of leaders on Monday and the government hopes that this will provide proof that most parties in Parliament favour debate to prolonged disruption of Parliament. It is expected that most non-UPA parties like SP, BSP, BJD, JD(S) will endorse government's position.The ruling coalition is preparing its defence with junior ministers briefed by the Group of Ministers on media about countering BJP allegations that the PM oversaw a massive bungle in coal allocations when he held charge of the portfolio. On Saturday, I&B; minister Ambika Soni briefed junior ministers on how to respond to Jaitley's attack soon after the BJP leader had finished speaking.Congress has been energized by a morale-boosting win for Chidambaram in the Supreme Court which junked Janata Party president Subramaniam Swamy's plea to implicate the finance minister in the 2G case. SC's view that Chidambaram had no role in pricing of 2G spectrum is a huge relief as the minister has emerged as a mainstay in the government.Government sources felt BJP has overplayed its hand in allowing Swamy to set the agenda on Chidambaram. The SC ruling will hurt the BJP's credibility with its allies and other parties it hopes to rope in against the government on Coalgate, feel Congress managers.There is a growing view in Congress that BJP will not find it easy to sustain its tactics as it will be increasingly questioned on what it hopes to achieve. The argument that it wants to pin down the PM under a graf scandal does not explain why it is blocking a debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15714718", "title": "Two withdraw their candidature from election", "text": "KANPUR: Two candidates have withdrawn their candidature from the forthcoming annual general election of The Lawyers Association slated to be held on August 30,2012.Ashfaq Ahmad a candidate for senior vice president's post opted out while Upendra Sachan withdrew himself for post of member senior working committee. Both withdrawals were due to personal reasons.With two withdrawals now as many as 73 candidates are in the election fray according to Chakrapani Bajpai, chairman elders committee, which is conducting the election. According to final list of candidates there are five constants for the post of President while four for the post of general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716512", "title": "Cases filed against two party organisers for allowing minors", "text": "PUNE: The Mundhwa police on Saturday registered complaints against two organisers for allowing minors at a private party.Senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge of the social security cell of crime branch said police had received information that minors were attending a party at a hotel in Mundhwa.\"On reaching the hotel, we found there were 700 to 800 boys and girls attending the party and more than 50% of them were minors - class X or XI students,\" Barge said.\"The party was arranged by seven organisers. As soon as the police reached the hotel, the representatives of five organisations fled while representatives of two organisations were taken into custody and handed over to the Mundhwa police. The party was later called off,\" Barge said.While cases were filed against six youths for smoking in public place, four others, including three girls, who were found in an inebriated condition, were handed over to their parentsBarge said police have decided to take action against organisers who allow youths below 21 years to attend such parites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15709776", "title": "Impressed with Mahela's handling of rookies: Hafeez", "text": "COLOMBO: Mohammad Hafeez , who will lead Pakistan in the upcoming ICC World T20, is also one of their more media-savvy cricketers. An aggressive opening batsman, a useful off-spinner and one of the better fielders, Hafeez normally punches above his weight. PCB has only kept him at the helm \"till 2012,\" but a good result in the WT20 may see his tenure getting extended.Excerpts...Your impressions on the SLPL...Wayamba had already played a game and looked quite settled when I arrived. I am not ecstatic about my performance but it's reasonable enough considering that I didn't get enough chances.How did you find Mahela Jayawardene as a captain?The thing which impressed me about Mahela is the way he deals with youngsters in the squad. He is always ready with suggestions and guidance. For someone with his international experience and stature, he is unbelievably accessible. The youngsters benefit tremendously when he is around in coping with pressure situations. By picking unknown youngsters and backing them, Mahela has contributed greatly to Sri Lanka cricket.Do you believe T20 leagues contribute to the growth of cricket?Certainly. As we have also seen in the IPL, tournaments like these present great opportunities for youngsters to perform. A rookie off-spinner like Akila Dananjaya Perera, who hasn't played a single match for Sri Lanka, has been picked in their World T20 squad on the strength of his performance in SLPL alone. It was the same with opening batsman Dilshan Munaweera.Do you see SLPL helping Pakistan's chances in World T20?That's the main reason we came to play here. We wanted to get used to the conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15719419", "title": "Actor Thilakan continues to be critical", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Actor Thilakan continues to be in a critical state. The 76-year-old thespian, who suffered a cardiac arrest on August 22, is unconscious and not responding to medicines.\"He is being attended to by a team of doctors comprising a neurologist, a cardiologist and an intensivist,\" a medical bulletin on the actor's condition said on Saturday. Sources said the actor suffered severe brain damage and was taken to the present hospital on ventilator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15712643", "title": "2006-2010 flat buyers may have to pay less VAT", "text": "MUMBAI: Providing more clarity to those who bought property between June 20, 2006, and March 31, 2010, fresh calculations by the sales tax department pegs the VAT they have to pay at between .5% and 3% of the value of the property mentioned in the agreement. Developers had claimed it as 5% and above.Another relief is in indications that the state might waive the penalty for delayed payment of the tax component. People who brought properties in under-construction projects between 2006 and 2010 can relax a little.Fresh calculations by the sales tax department peg the value-added tax (VAT) they have to pay at .5% to 3% of the value of the property mentioned in the agreement. Developers, most of whom are affiliated to Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI), however, differed with the department and maintained that the amount worked to 5% or more. The second reason for cheer is the indications from a government source that it might waive the penalty for delayed payment of the tax component, thereby benefiting the buyers. Before 2006, no VAT was levied on property sale. The state introduced it in 2006 after the Supreme Court passed an order in 2005, putting developers and contractors in the same bracket.The tax liability, say officials, varies because of several parameters such as construction costs incurred by developers (who collect the amount from buyers) after deducting the land price, which accounts for almost 70-80% of the total costs in Mumbai.The tax liability will go up in proportion to the construction cost, meaning, buyers will have to pay more as tax if they bought their properties and registered them later; construction costs have steadily been increasing in Mumbai.Both developers as well as government officials agree that it was the buyers who are caught in a battle between them. The interest that buyers will now pay-if they delayed registering the property after its purchase-is because of the case that was going on in court and the developers' confidence about winning it. The MCHI and Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (Credai) have, nevertheless, gone in for a fresh round of court battle and moved the apex court, challenging the constitutional validity of the government's move to term developers as contractors and levy VAT. Like in most industries, the huge tax is being passed on to the end user. , in this case property buyers, resulting in a situation where buyers will have to fork out huge sums.Buyers are fighting back in whatever way they can. Some have started writing blog posts, to attract attention to their predicament, while others are meeting developers, telling them about their predicament. , telling them of the unfairness of the situation.\"We are suffering because of the fight between developers and the government,\" In our blog, where buyers can write their comments,\" a buyer in Malad said. Tax officials pointed out that since April 2012, when the order was passed against developers, 13 builders had collected full liability of Rs 20 crore from consumers but did not deposit it with the department. Asked a buyer, \"Why should we pay interest, when we have already paid the tax amounts to the developers?\" \"We have already paid huge deposits. The developers can pay the VAT out of the interest,\" a buyer from Powai said. Maharashtra Societies Welfare Association chairman Ramesh Prabhu, too, said buyers, especially those who had not yet taken possession and registered of their properties, would now have to pay high taxes. forced into a corner.Developers, however, stuck to their stand. Ashok Mohanani, CMD of Ekta World, said, \"The fault lies with the three complicated schemes to compute VAT drawn up by the sales tax department, which have increased the liability to over 5%. Contrary to the department's claim, they are not offering any tax benefits to any of the schemes in any of the schemes. We have to pay double taxes for the same goods the value of which has increased over a period of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15717354", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon call centre fails to resolve issues in time", "text": "GURGAON: Even though the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) is supposed to resolve complaints related to basic civic issues registered at its complaint centre within two weeks, it has failed to do so in a majority of the cases. In some cases, the complaints are pending for over 90 days now.According to sources, there are 422 pending complaints out of which 166 are in division two. A large part of this division lies in the old city. At present, there are seven executive engineers in the MCG and all of them have been assigned different divisions.\"There are several cases where executive engineers have not been able to resolve the issues even after three months of complaints. Most of the complaints are related to basic services like sewerage,\" said an official.The MCG authorities too have expressed their helplessness over this matter. \"We have meetings almost every week to take stock of the pending complaints. However, the officials who are supposed to look into these complaints are not doing enough to resolve them. We will initiate disciplinary action against those found guilty of negligence,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15790154", "title": "Onam treat awaits tourists in Kumbalanghi", "text": "KOCHI: The five-day Onam celebration at the Kumbalanghi model tourism village started on Sunday and is giving a unique experience to both domestic and foreign tourists.The celebrations are being organized by Kumbalanghi Model Tourism Society (KMTS) in association with the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC).Dominic Presentation, MLA, inaugurated the celebration at the Kumbalanghi Park. An exhibition of photographs by V B Leenachan was organized on the first day. More than 100 photographs, portraying the life of villagers in Kumbalanghi, foreign tourists, and major tourist attractions, were exhibited.\"Tourists will get an opportunity to be part of the team that prepares traditional delicacies. With the help of the locals, foreigners will prepare 'palpayasam' using the pokkali rice that is being cultivated in Kumbalanghi,\" said president KMTS, M P Sivadathan.The celebrations will conclude on August 30.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth, film director Rosshan Andrews and other dignitaries are expected to take part in the valedictory function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724162", "title": "Chandigarh boy plays on world\u2019s pitch today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the world is watching the big clash between India and Australia in the Under 19 world cup finals at Tony Ireland stadium in Townsville, Australia, on Sunday, Chandigarh has another reason to cheer. All cricket enthusiasts are all eyes for local lad Prashant Chopra as he plays for India.The right-arm opening batsman, Prashant is known for quick scoring. But in the last innings against New Zealand, he scored a patient 52 off 104 balls. His father Shiv Chopra said it was a deliberate attempt after seeing the tough wickets.\"Prashant is an attacking batsman, but I had advised him to maintain cool and play a steady innings. Before semifinals, I told him that it was necessary to remain on the field for at least 40 overs and he adapted it very well,\" said Shiv, who is also a cricket coach.Prashant's family is ready to give their son a hero's welcome at his Nayagaon residence here on return.\"Though I have full belief in my son's ability and talent, I am still keeping my fingers crossed. I want him to play a match winning innings for the country in the finals,\" Beas Chopra, Prashant's mother, who is a volley-ball coach, told TOI.\"He has worked really hard to make a place for himself in the under-19 squad and I am sure that his labour would pay well. I am praying to god day and night for India's victory,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "15722063", "title": "Nurse throws away kidney from living donor, ruins it", "text": "CHICAGO: A nurse in a US hospital \"accidentally\" threw away a kidney from a living donor with medical waste and ruined it. The kidney was removed by a surgeon and then inadvertently thrown away by a nurse.It took about an hour or more to find the discarded kidney, which was among medical waste, sources with knowledge of the botched surgery said.The kidney donated by a Toledo man to his older sister was thrown away with medical waste at the University of Toledo Medical Center, Ohio, in what experts described as a rare accident, The Blade newspaper reported.Hospital officials have talked about the August 10 incident that rendered the donated kidney ruined, but they refused for a second day to confirm multiple reports about how the removed organ was damaged beyond repair.Toledo-Lucas County health commissioner David Grossman confirmed along with other sources that the kidney was accidentally disposed of by a nurse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15712173", "title": "Transfer of 'lake saviour' flayed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Civil society members bid goodbye to outgoing Rangareddy district collector V Seshadri on Saturday and said they hoped that his efforts to protect land and lakes in his jurisdiction does not go waste. Activists also protested against his transfer and said that honest officers like him should be encouraged to carry on their duties without fear.Seshadri was sent packing to Visakhapatnam in a minor reshuffle of IAS officers on Thursday, in what is being perceived as punishment for refusing to reinstate suspended tehsildar G Subbarao, even after a GO was issued to that effect. Subbarao was suspended by Seshadri on the grounds of illegally regularizing government land and giving away lakes dotting the Serilingampally, Balanagar and Saroonagar mandals apart from some parts of the Old City to land sharks.The news of Seshadri's sudden transfer has been met with bitter criticism from the civil society that has lashed out at the government for letting down honest officers. Members of these groups will also submit a representation to the chief minister soon to express their displeasure over this unexpected development. \"Had it not been for Seshadri we would not have been able to save the Edugoni Kunta (a water tank in Saroornagar) that was in poor condition until recently. It was with his help that we managed to convince the government departments and renovated it before the monsoon season last year. Today it is the only tank that is brimming with water up to its full tank level (FTL),\" said Subhas Reddy, member of 'Smaran' that works in the field of soil and water conservation. The Edugoni Kunta is spread over an area of 20 acres.Seshadri is believed to have assisted in fixing the FTLs of many such lakes that have fallen prey to extensive encroachments over the years. And the list includes the Yellama Cheruvu (Serilingampally), Amber Cheruvu (Balanagar mandal) and Ruknudowla Lake (opposite the Nehru Zoological Park) among others, activists pointed out. \"This is indeed an achievement because fixing of the FTL helps us identify how much of the water body has been encroached upon,\" said Jasveen Jairath, founder convener of Save Our Urban Lakes. She added, \"Seshadri always stood up for the law. He helped expedite work without unnecessarily entangling us in paperwork like some other government officials. And most importantly, he did what he did without expecting any favours in return.\"According to activists, the Rangareddy collector worked relentlessly towards recovering government land along with identifying and fencing most of the water bodies within his jurisdiction. \"It is no mean fete to conform to law despite consistent opposition. Seshadri's transfer has once again brought to light the reality of the political circle that is always seen attacking bureaucrats who do not subordinate themselves to their wishes,\" said M Mandal, Forum for a Better Hyderabad member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714444", "title": "FIR lodged against forest officials", "text": "NAGPUR: More and more drama seems to be unfolding in the black buck poaching case in Washim. Now, the forest officials involved in the investigation of the case, in which the accused includes Anil Naik who is a kin of state minister Manohar Naik, have been charged with molestation.An FIR was launched against round officer Babarao Ghatare and four other officials investigating the poaching at Ansing police station. Forest officials claim that it is pressure tactics used to discourage investigation in the case.According to Ghatare, investigation teams had been formed by assistant conservator of forest VG Tehare who is also the investigation officer of the case. The team found that three police officials - Pratap Singh Chauhan, Ramesh Chauhan and Tulsiram Khandare - had aided the accused and hence were made co-accused in the case.He added that the forest department had been trying to nab the people to take their statements but all three had fled. Finally, on August 22 Ramesh Chauhan was spotted and before he could be stopped and his statement taken, he ran to his aide Khandare's house.\"Thinking it improper to enter a house without warrant , we went to Ansing police station and gave it in writing that we needed the three co-accused for investigation, but the police did not cooperate,\" Ghatare said.The same evening a complaint was lodged at the Ansing police station by the wife of Khandare, accusing Ghatare and other officials of outraging her modesty. The forest officials sent pleas for protection following which an FIR was lodged on Friday night.PI Prajapati Singh of Ansing police station said that Ghatare and his fellow officials entered Khandare's house knowing that there was nobody there except for Sumanbai Khandare and molested her.\"Such action is being taken in order to protect the accused and the co-accused in the back buck poaching case. The police have on an earlier instance too tried to hide facts from us. If such things keep happening, the poachers will run free,\" said Ghatare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723303", "title": "Three girls go missing from schools", "text": "KOLKATA: Three girls of two different schools went missing after their examinations from Thakurpukur in south Kolkata on Friday afternoon. While All of them -Subhra Seal and is a Class-X, Susmita Bhattacharya are students of class IX of Vivekananda Girls' School, and Priyanka Mondal studies in of class VII of Kamala Vidyamandir. - went missing after their exams in school.The three girls are residents of All these girls are from the same locality -Sri Guru Colony in Thakupukur.When the girls did not return in the evening, the three families launched an extensive abortive search which failed to yield any result. Therefore, on Saturday morning, they lodged a formal missing complaints at Thakurpukur police station. The parents of each of the missing girls alleged that they all three were extremely obedient and they had never ventured out of their homes without permission.They also alleged that a few youths - engaged with a domestic cooking gas supply agency - were also conspicuously missing from the area. Police have picked up a local youth for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15738535", "title": "Scorecard, ICC Under-19 World Cup Final: India Under-19s vs Australia Under-19s", "text": "Australia Under-19s innings (50 overs maximum)Batsman  Status  Runs  Balls  4s  6s  SR   Cameron Bancroft  lbw b Sandeep Sharma  2  14  0  0  14.28  Jimmy Peirson  b Sandeep Sharma  0  2  0  0  0.00  Meyrick Buchanan  c Patel b Ravikant Singh  12  26  2  0  46.15  Kurtis Patterson  b Aparajith  16  22  3  0  72.72  William Bosisto*  not out  87  120  6  0  72.50  Travis Head  run out (Harmeet/Aparajith)  37  56  5  0  66.07  Ashton Turner  c Chand b Sharma  43  50  3  1  86.00  Alex Gregory  c Nath b Sharma  4  5  0  0  80.00  Joel Paris  run out (Vihari/Ravikant)  0  1  0  0  0.00  Gurinder Sandhu  not out  10  6  1  0  166.66  Extras (b 1, lb 5, w 6, nb 2)  14    Total  225 (4.50 runs per over)Fall of wickets: 1-2 (Pierson, 0.4 ov), 2-8 (Bancroft, 2.6 ov), 3-38 (Patterson, 10.2 ov), 4-38 (Buchanan, 11.2 ov), 5-103 (Head, 29.1 ov), 6-196 (Turner, 45.6 ov), 7-204 (Gregory, 47.4 ov), 8-206 (Paris, 48.1 ov)Bowling  Overs  Maiden  Runs  Wickets  Economy   Sandeep Sharma  10  2  54  4  5.40 (1w)  Kamal Passi  9  0  44  0  4.88 (3w)  Ravikant Singh  9  0  41  1  4.55 (2nb, 1w)  Baba Aparajith  10  0  31  1  3.10  Harmeet Singh  10  1  36  0  3.60(1w)  Unmukt Chand  2  0  13  0  6.50India Under-19s innings (Target: 226 runs from 50 overs)Batsman  Status  Runs  Balls  4s  6s  SR   Prashant Chopra  c Peirson b Steketee  0  7  0  0  0.00  Unmukt Chand  not out  111  130  7  6  85.38  Baba Aparajith  c Turner b Sandhu  33  38  5  0  86.84  Hanuma Vihari  c&b; Turner  4  13  0  0  30.76  Vijay Zol  c Peirson b Paris  1  14  0  0  7.14  Smit Patel  not out  62  84  4  0  73.80  Extras (lb 5, w 11)  18    Total (4 wickets; 47.4 overs)  227 (4.76 runs per over)    Did not bat: Akshdeep Nath, Harmeet Singh, Kamal Passi, Ravikant Singh, Sandeep Sharma.Fall of wickets: 1-2 (Chopra, 1.2 ov), 2-75 (Aparajith, 14.4 ov), 3-82 (Vihari, 17.6 ov), 4-97 (Zol, 24.2 ov)Bowling  Overs  Maiden  Runs  Wickets  Economy   Joel Paris  10  2  33  1  3.30 (3w)  Mark Steketee  9  1  47  1  5.22 (5w)  Gurinder Sandhu  10  0  43  1  4.30 (2w)  Ashton Turner  8.4  1  42  1  4.84  Alex Gregory  6  0  40  0  6.66  Travis Head  4  0  17  0Match details   Toss  India Under-19s, who chose to field  Umpires  RK Illingworth (England) and REJ Martinesz (Sri Lanka)  TV umpire  JD Cloete (South Africa)  Match referee  RS Mahanama (Sri Lanka)  Reserve umpire  CB Gaffaney (New Zealand)Result: India beat Australia by 6 wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716213", "title": "Pavana water pipeline not needed: Experts' group", "text": "PUNE: An expert group of the National Alliance of People's Movement, which has extensively studied the Pavana water pipeline project and related issues raised by the farmers in Maval taluka, has said the project is unnecessary and will result in immense environmental, social and financial loss.The group, which submitted its report to district collector Vikas Deshmukh on Friday, has recommended that the water pipeline project be scrapped.Speaking to reporters, members of the expert group said the incident of the police firing on farmers on August 9, 2011, was a result of the government's neglect and insensitivity to the concerns raised by the farmers. The report said that prior to the August 9 protests, resentment was brewing among the villagers who had been consistently opposing the project for three years, ever since its foundation stone was laid in May 2008.The report observed that 72 villages, which are dependent on the Pavana river water for their drinking and agricultural needs, had held gramsabhas and had unanimously approved resolutions to oppose the project. The government, however, completely neglected the resolutions and forced the project on the villagers resulting in their massive protest, the report said. While the farmers' protests were valid, the government went ahead with the plan under the name of \"developmental project\", the experts added.The report said that the villagers are not opposed to release of water for Pimpri-Chinchwad. The main reason of the protests by villagers is that just like the citizens of Pimpri-Chinchwad, they too want unpolluted water. The farmers fear that if the Pavana pipeline project is completed, they will not get clean water as less water will be released in the river and the pollution level will automatically increase. The government has not suggested any remedial measures about providing clean water to the villagers, the report said. Stopping the flow of the river and going for artificial measures like the pipeline project will severely affect the environment, the report added.The Pavana pipeline project was estimated to cost around Rs 400 crore in 2008. The cost has escalated by nearly Rs 100 crore in the last four years. The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has stopped the project since August last year, after the government issued a stay.Shripad Dharmadhikari, an expert on issues of water resources, said the study had found that release of water for agriculture has been consistently reducing. The government, however, has not discussed the reasons or the issue in detail. \"Farming activity in the area has not reduced and is going on at a large scale. The land is also fertile. But the government's policies are against the farmers,\" he said.Educationist and social expert D N Dhanagare said the government has been insensitive to the concerns raised by farmers. \"The concerns raised by the farmers are valid. They will be severely affected, if they do not get water,\" Dhanagare said.Social activist and expert Vidya Bal said that people's participation and opinion in development projects is important in a democratic set up. But despite the resolutions by the gramsabhas, the government has gone ahead with the project.The expert group, which worked for a year, came out with its report after meeting the villagers, farmers and the government and civic officials related to the pipeline project. The late Mukund Ghare, an expert on water issues, and legal expert Jaya Sagade were also part of the expert group that prepared the report along with Dharmadhikari, Dhanagare and Bal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15715335", "title": "All land records to go digital within 3 years", "text": "PUNE: Property owners in the state can now get online copy of the 7/12 extract of their land and keep track of mutation entries that notify changes in ownership of land over the years.A new system called e-records and e-maps promises to change the way land records are maintained in the state. The system will not only simplify the process of record keeping but also provide collateral benefits.Once fully implemented, people across the state will be able to view outlines of properties online and even take printouts on making necessary payments. This governance model has proved financially self-sustainable and holds the promise of becoming a trendsetter for e-governance projects in the state as well as other parts of the country.Maharashtra settlement commissioner and director of land records Chandrakant Dalvi has fixed October 2, 2015 as the deadline for making all land records digital.The pilot project started at the Mulshi tehsil office two months ago. It is a joint initiative of the inspector general of registrations, revenue department and the land records department. Dalvi supervised the operations in the office on Friday where over 30 lakh old documents were being scanned.\"This will enable citizens to get computerized notices of land transactions and complete the procedures of updating land documents within minutes. The system enables a horizontal connectivity between offices of the sub-registrar, the tehsildar and the city survey,\" said Dalvi.Real estate developer Pranav Purohit, however, sounded skeptical. \"The step is welcome but the problem lies with implementation. We have seen so many ownership disputes over ownership despite earlier government initiatives with similar objectives,\" he said. But Purohit accepted that information in the form of e-records will come in handy when deciding about acquisition of new land parcels.A senior bank official also doubted to what extent digitisation of land records will help a housing finance company or a bank in deciding eligibility for disbursing housing loans. He said that banks and home finance institutions follow guidelines set by the Reserve Bank of India and National Housing Bank. \"A lot will depend on whether the norms are changed to allow financing bodies to accept digital evidence about land ownership when granting a loan. If they do, the banks will be able to process a home loan proposal faster and with greater surety,\" he said. The official agreed that availability of an online record of land will make sure land records are not tampered with.The e-records and e-maps software has been provided by Pune-based Vidhya Online Centre. As per the plan, about 20 million records of land ownership, involving six million farmers, will be digitized across the state. The system should be operational throughout the state within a time frame of three years.Dalvi said the operators of the computerised system will be made accountable for their actions by using a bio-login system that authenticates every login through a thumbprint. A log is maintained of all transactions in a session.\"The present system shows the actual outline map of a property along with the structures in it, the area, the survey number and ownership. Land records form the base for all land reforms and therefore regular online updating of land records is essential. e-records and e-maps software will help do it,\" said Dalvi.Hard copies of land records of various government departments since 1930 have been handed over to the respective department heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15716068", "title": "Mining leases should be auctioned every year: MLA", "text": "MARGAO: Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco has demanded that mining leases should be auctioned every year so as to avoid select mining companies having any kind of monopoly over the leases keeping in mind the interest of Goans at large.\"The mining leases should be strictly auctioned every year in order to share the benefits with all people. Why should only a few families benefit from mining in Goa,\" said the second time legislator while addressing mediapersons on Saturday.\"Why is our chief minister who is also the minister of mines silent on auctioning Goa mines,\" added Lourenco.The Curtorim MLA further cited the examples of two Supreme Court verdicts in the 2G and the Reliance Krishna-Godavari basin case and said the court has ruled that ownership of natural resources like minerals rests with the public and the government is a mere trustee.\"Every year, the Goan mining companies, lease holders, ore raising contractors and exporters put together earn 12,000 crore and this is a huge amount. Compare it with the Centre who earns 7,000 crore and the Goa government who earns a mere 600 crore,\" added Lourenco.Lourenco further appealed to the chief minister to take a leaf out the Kuwait's success story and said that while Kuwait had abundant mineral resources in oil, Goa had an equivalent value in iron ore.\"In Goa few families usurp the riches of 91 operating mines, while in Kuwait the entire state benefits. Why then should Goa lag behind Kuwait\" asked Lourenco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15722847", "title": "India beat Australia to win Under-19 World Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: India won their third Under-19 World Cup title as captain Unmukt Chand saved his best for last, coming up with a crucial, unbeaten ton in the final against Australia on Sunday.ScorecardChand has for long been earmarked for bigger things and in Townsville he justified the promise, turning things around for his team just when the match seemed to be slipping away from India's grasp.When Australia rode on their skipper William Bosisto's 87 not out and posted 225 after being sent in, the chase seemed tough. The Indian batsmen were expected to struggle against a pacy Australian attack.But Chand decided to come up with his third consecutive century in tournament finals to enable the colts to lift the trophy with six wickets and 14 balls remaining.\"This knock was due after a pretty dry tournament for me,\" Chand told TOI, \"I had done it earlier against Australia in Townsville four months ago and I used my experience to do the job. I chose which bowlers to go after.\" Did the bowlers leak too many runs in the death overs after having reduced Australia to 38/4?\"The track was much better to bat on The bowlers did a good job. There will always be couple of batsmen who will score crucial runs. But the bowlers did well to restrict them to 225,\" Unmukt shouted amid the din of desi dhols and joyous cheerIndia's chase was a topsy-turvy chase but it was steered around by the captain, who scored 111 not out off 130 balls. He found an able ally in wicket keeper Smit Patel, whose winning hit to the boundary saw him remaining unbeaten on 62.Chand's innings was studded with six sixes and seven boundaries. After an enterprising second wicket partnership of 73 between Unmukt and Baba Aparajith, things looked bleak for the Indians when they slipped to 97-4 in the 26th over.Luck, too, went India's way. Smit capitalized on Aussie wicketkeeper Jimmy Peirson letting go off a regulation chance and didn't look back, and Unmukt himself was dropped by the rival captain Bosisto on 84 with 49 required off 42 balls.When the asking rate rose, the pair started dominating: The last 74 runs came in just 54 balls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15748371", "title": "Delhi police lathicharge India Against Corruption protesters; Arvind Kejriwal, aides detained again", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundreds of protesters of India Against Corruption were lathicharged by Delhi Police as they made their second attempt to force their way to 10, Janpath, the residence of Sonia Gandhi and PM's residence.Key IAC members Arvind Kejriwal, Prashant Bhushan and Manish Sisodia have been detained by the police again.Police opened water canons to stop the protesters at the Tughlaq Road intersection. Several of them were detained and kept at police station for a while.However, later they were released and allowed to sit and protest on the road.Addressing his supporters, Arvind Kejriwal attacked both Congress and BJP, accusing them of joining hands to intimidate the protesters.Kejriwal appealed to his supporters not to retaliate against the police.Police said the protests were unauthorised as the IAC had been given permission to stage protest at Jantar Mantar.IAC had called for protests on Sunday outside the residence of Manmohan Singh , Sonia Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari , accusing both the Congress and BJP for alleged irregularities in coal blocks allocation.Earlier in the day, Arvind Kejriwal and six of his aides detained while trying to stage protests near Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's residence and two other places.They were released after about two hours.\"Some of the detained people were manhandled,\" an IAC spokesperon said. Police tried to take them to Bawana but Kejriwal refused to go till there was a FIR (first information report).After the group was let off, Kejriwal and everyone made it to Jantar Mantar in the heart of the capital and vowed to return to Manmohan Singh's residence and the other two protest venues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15711454", "title": "Ajay Dubey selected for SJF Prize 2012", "text": "BHOPAL: Activist Ajay Dubey of Madhya Pradesh has been selected for the award 'SJF Prize 2012', jointly with three others in recognition of the outstanding work for crusade against corruption.Dubey, an RTI activist who brought corruption issues to public domain, will share the award jointly with late Satyendra Dubey (Patna), Sanjeeb Singh Katiyar (Kanpur) and Subhash Chandra Agrawal (Delhi). The prize money of Rs one Crore will be shared equally among joint winners, a press release from the SJ Foundation said.The Bhopal-based activist, who also runs an environmental protection group 'Prayatna', was in focus recently when the Supreme Court, on his petition, passed an interim order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves as a major step towards protection of big cats.The Sitaram Jindal Foundation (SJF), formerly known as SJ Jindal Trust, established in 1969, is a charitable organization with the humanitarian objective of serving the poor and downtrodden in various fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15750270", "title": "Teacher booked for molesting schoolgirls", "text": "AKOLA: A teacher and a cleaner of a school have been booked for allegedly molesting three minor girl students, police said on Sunday.A case under section 354 (outraging modesty) of IPC has been lodged against the teacher, Prakash Jadhav, and sweeper Parashram Basere of a backward class residential school in Balapur area of Akola for allegedly molesting three girl students, around 12-13 years of age, in July earlier this year.The victims had filed a complaint against the accused in July, following which a probe was conducted into it by state social welfare department, based on which both of them were booked by police on Saturday.Further investigation in the case was on, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15709537", "title": "I've never been a restrictive bowler: Pragyan Ojha", "text": "HYDERABAD: Playing at home is always a special feeling and Pragyan Ojha is thrilled that he was able to play a key role in bowling out New Zealand for a paltry 159 in their first innings, at the RGIC Stadium, here, on Saturday. The left-arm spinner took three for 44. Excerpts from a media interaction...Bounce on the wicket:There's some bounce on the wicket. Now in the second innings, it has started turning more. In the first innings, it was turning from outside the fourth stump. But now it's turning from the middle stump line itself which is good for us. We are confident that everything will fall into place.Teaming up with Ashwin:India have a legacy of great spinners and as youngsters we're definitely looking forward to follow in their footsteps. We have been picking wickets and looking at Ashwin I am confident that even I can do well in this series.On whether he's a restrictive bowler:I have never been a restrictive bowler. I have said this to many people that it's a team plan. On the first day you can never come and give easy runs to the batsmen because the game has changed a lot. Before people used to play to draw a Test match but now they play to win the series. You play with their patience, keep things tight and let them commit mistake. That's what I feel.Win on the cards:Definitely, we have two more days to go. We are confident with the way the guys are bowling and how everyone is approaching the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15711878", "title": "Prithvi II tested successfully", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 350-km range surface-to-surface Prithvi II missile was successfully flight tested at the Integrated Test Range, Chandipur, Balasore district in Odisha on Saturday giving the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) the Prithvi power.\"It was a text-book launch with very high accuracy. With this test launch, we can say that the SFC has demonstrated its expertise in firing the missile,\" DRDO director general and scientific advisor to defence minister, V K Saraswat, told STOIon phone from Balasore.Saraswat said the missile had an accuracy of better than 10 metersand this showed the standard of the missile. The single stage liquid propelled vehicle developed by DRDO was inducted into the armed forces and one of the missiles drawn from the inventory of the armed forces was test-fired by the SFC on Saturday. The vehicle is guided all through by an accurate Inertial Navigation System (INS) and controlled by the Thrust Vector Control and Aero-Dynamic Control Systems.The missile developed by DRDO was flight tested from Launch Complex III by the SFC as part of its training exercise. The indigenous missile hit the target in the Bay of Bengal which was witnessed by a naval shiplocated near the target.According to DRDO officials, all the radars, electro optical systems located along the coast tracked and monitored all the parameters of the missile throughout the flight path. The entire launch operation was carried out by the armed forces and monitored by scientists of DRDO.Prithvi II has been successfully flight tested a number of times as part of development, induction and training exercises. Saturday's launch, however, tested the Areliability of Prithvi and confirmed the successful induction into the services, a DRDO official said.The team of armed forces and scientists were led by project director Siva Subramanyam and programme director Adalat Ali, director, DRDL, Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717851", "title": "NTPC offers its expertise for state power plants", "text": "LUCKNOW: A delegation of experts from the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) on Saturday assured chief minister Akhilesh Yadav of providing corporation's expertise to the state-owned power units for better operation and maintenance. The delegation led by NTPC executive director GJ Deshpande met the CM at his official residence and told him that the public sector undertaking (PSU) was ready to provide expertise on increasing the plant load factor in a bid to raise the power generation in UP.The state has been facing an acute power shortage for quite some time, with many power plants developing snags and tripping. Often, some plants have been under prolonged renovation and maintenance exercise. In fact, that was one of the principal causes behind the state government resorting to overdrawl from the national grid which tripped on July 31 and August 1 -- leading to a complete blackout in the northern and eastern India.The NTPC is has a significant presence in UP with its power plants contributing around 3000 mw, mainly through the central quota. The PSU is also in the process of installing power plants with a combined installed capacity of 5000 mw. These are likely to get operational by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15752273", "title": "Unmukt Chand could feel cup in hand 3 days ago", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"I can feel the Cup in my hands\" -- this was Unmukt Chand's BBM status a good 72 hours before he led India to their third Under-19 World Cup trophy in Townsville, Australia on Sunday.Chand smashed an unbeaten 111 as India chased down a challenging 226-run target against defending champions Australia in the final to win their third title.But much before he actually did the magic for his team, Chand had the feeling that the trophy would come India's way.\"'ICC under-19 World Cup nothing else matters and I can feel the Cup in my hands'. This was his Blackberry Messenger status for the past three days,\" his father Bharat Chand Thakur told reporters after the triumph.\"They should be groomed further and should not be allowed to go haywire,\" he said when asked about how he looks at the future of his son and the other under-19 players after the big triumph.India won the title after a gap of four years, having bagged the title previously in 2000 and 2008.Talking about Unmukt, Thakur said the young batsman is a firm believer in god and that helps his game as well.\"He has faith in god and his teammates and this has helped him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15726438", "title": "Nitish takes dig at dual power centres in Congress", "text": "PATNA: While complaining about the micromanagement problem in banking service, chief minister Nitish Kumar changed tack and spoke about the \"macro-management problem in Congress and UPA government.\"\"The political power rests somewhere else whereas administrative power is somewhere else. Once the authority of Prime Minister is demeaned, the confidence of the nation is shaken,\" said Kumar while making obvious reference to common perception about who is the real authority, Manmohan Singh or Sonia Gandhi .He further said, \"A leader (PM) should lead from the front. Unfortunately, people have lost confidence in the present dispensation at the Centre. Under this situation, I am forced to say there is macro-level problem in the ruling class and this is not good for democratic set up.\"The remarks came during an interactive session, which was followed by his valedictory address at a daylong workshop on 'Banking on Inclusion' here on Saturday. In his address, the CM came down heavily on the banking services in the state and asked the bankers to make effective reforms at micro level.\"The banks know only about 'le' (deposit) and not 'de' (credit). If there is a citizen charter in the country, the banking services should be brought under it,\" Kumar said while complaining that despite repeated attempts, the bankers have not changed their negative attitude in extending loans to students and farmers. He also spoke about the rampant corruption in the service at lower level. \"We want to implement all welfare schemes through banks but they are not cooperating,\" he said in the presence of many top bankers.Earlier, Sebi chairman U K Sinha said Bihar still lagged behind in capital market, mutual fund, private equity, venture capital and pension planning schemes. Praising Bihar for a per capita growth higher than the national average, he lamented that very little has been done for financial inclusion in the state.Maintaining that Bihar is in a take-off stage, Sinha urged the small and medium industries to play a greater role but not depend fully on bank loans. They should go for private equity and venture capital, he said.In the last panel discussion, Central Bank of India chairman M V Tanksale, CEO of Mumbai Stock Exchange Ashishkumar Chauhan, Srie group chairman Hemant Kanoria and deputy director general of WTO Harsha Vardhan Singh were among those who took part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15709947", "title": "\u2018Police mentally harassing MLA\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The counsel for former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda on Saturday accused Delhi Police of \"mentally harassing\" his client. He said senior police officials like the deputy commissioner and the assistant commissioner were also coming and questioning Kanda.Moving an application before the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate Devender Kumar Jangala, senior advocate Ramesh Gupta said police were not maintaining a proper record of the interrogation in the case diary and Kanda was being interrogated not only by the investigating officer but also other officials. \"In police custody, they are asking obnoxious questions from me (Kanda). I have been grilled by DCP, ACP, SHO and other officials, but according to the law nobody except the IO can question me,\" Gupta said on behalf of his client.Gupta also alleged that despite the court's order, which allowed the counsel of the accused to meet him in police custody, the DCP made them wait for two-and-a-half hours.The court asked the prosecution whether other police had the right to interrogate the accused. Later, in its order, the court said, \"The IO is directed to mention the name of any other police official who interrogates the accused during his remand period, in the case diary.\"During the hearing, Gupta opposed the plea for extension of Kanda's police custody, saying police had not brought any new evidence to show that Kanda abetted Geetika Sharma's suicide. Gupta blamed the police for leaking details of Geetika's postmortem report to the media. \"Who is responsible for that,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727560", "title": "Police stick 'orange' fine bills on car tints", "text": "KOCHI: The traffic police have hit upon on a new way to book people who have not yet removed sun-control films from their vehicles.From August 13 onwards, they have been pasting an orange sticker on the window panes of the vehicles found violating the apex court order. The sticker advises the driver or the vehicle owner to remove the sun-control films and pay a fine of Rs 100 at the city traffic station within three days. It also warns that citizens who fail do so, will face prosecution.In the first week of the drive itself, the cops pasted stickers on 394 vehicles. The traffic police said they have been slapping a fine of Rs 100 on violators. In the last two months, the police have booked over 1,000 vehicles and collected Rs 1 lakh as fine during spot checking. \"We decided to paste stickers on vehicles as it is an effective way to communicate. We can also avoid traffic hold-ups caused due to routine checking. If booked, a vehicle owner has to pay the fine and produce the vehicle at the traffic station after removing the sun films,\" said V M Muhammed Rafeeq, ACP (traffic). Meanwhile, the enforcement wing of the motor vehicles department has started issuing a charge memo highlighting the non-compliance of SC order to all violators after charging a minimum fine of Rs 600.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15725290", "title": "Organized parking zones on roads streamline traffic", "text": "Experts are undivided in their opinion that organized parking zones on roads streamline traffic and lead to increased use of public transport. The Supreme Court appointed Bhure Lal committee, after a detailed study of traffic congestion in Pune, had recommended a pay-and-park scheme for all vehicles on public roads. Since 1997, the Pune Cantonment Board has implemented this plan on Mahatma Gandhi Road and the parallel East Street. The Pune police have said the move has improved security and brought down vehicle theftsRelated story:  Parking fee for two-wheelers may set parties on collision course", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15722319", "title": "Himachal differs with Centre on making bribery in pvt sector criminal offence", "text": "NEW DELHI: At the time when almost all states have agreed with the Centre's proposal to make bribery in private sector a criminal offence, Himachal Pradesh has come out with a contrarian view. The BJP-led government in the poll-bound hill state has said, \"The proposal is fraught with danger and will give unbridled powers to government and its agencies to unnecessary meddle in the affairs of private citizens and business organizations\".Refusing to concur with the Centre's proposal, it said, \"History of the use and utility of the existing powers of the government and its agents does not inspire much confidence that such power will not be misused\".The state's view came to the home ministry in response to the draft Indian Penal Code (Amendment) Bill that seeks to insert two sections - 160(A) and 160(B) - in the existing law.While the first section makes \"giving, offering or promising\" bribe to a private person an offence, the second section prescribes punishment (imprisonment upto seven years) for such a crime. The home ministry had circulated this draft legislation among states and Union Territories to get their views last year.Though most of the states agreed with the proposal and even suggested the Centre to widen the scope of probe by making certain changes, HP disagreed, forcing the home ministry to look for fine-tuning its draft.\"The Centre will prepare a fresh draft incorporating suggestions of other states and send it back to HP for its concurrence,\" said a home ministry official.HP government explained that bribes in private sector are not given as bribes but may carry other and varied nomenclature like commission, fees, service charges, consultancy charges and business promotion expenses.\"To camouflage undue advantage or illegal gratification under any one of these myriad fancy names is not difficult at all and to try and curb such practices appears to be an impossibility and indeed a futile exercise,\" the state wrote to the ministry.HP apprehended that such a law \"without high level safeguards has the potential to destroy businesses, enterprise and above all reputations and brand value which needs to be protected to enable them to grow and contribute to the national economy\".The other states - mainly Tamil Nadu and Kerala - have, however, suggested it to widen the ambit of \"undue advantage\" by including foreign trips, gift in any form, concession, shares, debentures or bonds as \"bribes\".TN has also suggested that there should be a separate provision to prosecute the companies and for cancellation/suspension of their licences or registration.Agreeing to the proposed changes in the IPC, Gujarat recommended that the necessary amendment should also be made in the Prevention of Corruption Act (which deals with bribery in public sector or government organizations) so that Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) of states can register case of graft in private sector.Jammu &amp; Kashmir told the Centre that the government is considering amendment on similar lines in the Ranbir Penal Code applicable in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718324", "title": "Doctors sow hope for farmer who lost 90% of his small intestine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A normal person has 22-23 feet long small intestine which enables the absorption of nutritions from the food we eat. Manuji Thakore (47) has lost 20 feet of the 22 feet long organ after a clot from his heart travelled to the blood vessel supplying blood to the intestines. He was lucky that the doctors could find two feet odd long intestines that had not turned black due to lack of blood supply, upon dissecting his stomach open. This will help him survive the medical emergency which could have claimed his life if not addressed in time.Consultant gastro-enteric surgeon, Dr Kaushal Anand said that Thakore who is a farmer from Mansa was fortunate that there was some amount of small intestine which had not suffered necrosis due to lack of blood supply. \"Two feet is minimum amount of intestines needed for survival\", said Dr Anand.Manuji was suffering from a mitral valve stenosis wherein there was obstruction in his valve. This led to the formation of a clot which travelled into the main blood stream and blocked the artery supplying blood to small intestine.Cardiologist Hitesh Shah treated Manuji for the heart problem but later Thakore suffered acute pain in the stomach. He could not excrete and his stomach was extremely distended. \"Such symptoms are generally associated with perforation in the intestines or stomach or because of pancreatitis. Since we knew of his heart problem, we suspected that a clot may have restricted blood supply to the intestines. Also when we collected fluid from his stomach, there was blood\", said Dr Anand.He said that Manuji has four feet long large intestine and the minimum needed small intestine due to which he will survive. \"He will have to be careful about what he eats as he will not be able to digest fat. He will also be given supplements of micronutrients and vitamins as his ability to absorb nutrition from food will be compromised\", said Dr Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "sameer kurvey, secretary and executive director of centre of science for villages (csv), dattapur, wardha, was conferred with the 'rajiv gandhi rashtriya ekta samman 2012' on august 20, the birth anniversary of late prime minister rajiv gandhi , in delhi. the award, instituted by all india national unity conference (ainuc), was given to kurvey for his contribution and exclusive work on innovative technologies for rural development. csv, based on gandhian principles, was established in 1976 to act as a centre for transfer of appropriate technologies. previous recipients of this prestigious award include mother teresa , pt vishwamohan bhatt, birju maharaj, nandita das , hari prasad chourasia, navjot singh siddhu and sonal mansingh, to name a few. kurvey has been associated with csv for the past 35 years and has invented the first 'eco-friendly' village and eco-huts. toi talked to kurvey on his and csv's achievements. excerpts", "code": "15712027", "title": "'Eco-tech village model being replicated across state'", "text": "Sameer Kurvey, secretary and executive director of Centre of Science for Villages (CSV), Dattapur, Wardha, was conferred with the 'Rajiv Gandhi Rashtriya Ekta Samman 2012' on August 20, the birth anniversary of late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , in Delhi. The award, instituted by All India National Unity Conference (AINUC), was given to Kurvey for his contribution and exclusive work on innovative technologies for rural development. CSV, based on Gandhian principles, was established in 1976 to act as a centre for transfer of appropriate technologies. Previous recipients of this prestigious award include Mother Teresa , Pt Vishwamohan Bhatt, Birju Maharaj, Nandita Das , Hari Prasad Chourasia, Navjot Singh Siddhu and Sonal Mansingh, to name a few. Kurvey has been associated with CSV for the past 35 years and has invented the first 'eco-friendly' village and eco-huts. TOI talked to Kurvey on his and CSV's achievements. Excerpts:Q. As a civil engineer, you could have earned a lot. How did you ended up with CSV?A. For two years, 1974 and 1975, I was working with the Pench dam project in Totladoh but I was pained to see the ecological destruction there. When I learned about requirement in CSV for a project in 1977, I appeared for an interview and got selected. Since then, I'm with CSV.Q. Tell us about CSV and your dreams?A. CSV's work relates to research for cost-effective energy saving technology, comfortable and durable housing, innovative technology in sanitation, useful management of waste water, rain water harvesting, simple systems for water purification, animal waste management, solar application, plantations etc. We also make handmade paper from waste paper, jute, cloth, banana and agro-waste. The CSV is also promotes non-violent extraction of honey, food processing, herbal pesticides and organic farming and land cover management. We work on eco-friendly, sustainable and socially just technological solutions for uplift of rural poor.Q. It is observed that most of villages are not progressing because they don't appreciate modern technology and sanitary methods. They don't want to exert themselves beyond their farms. How does CSV achieve its primary goals?A. We feel that our approach for rural development is different. It is necessary to give villagers simple, cost-effective and efficient options through which people will be able to solve their problems by themselves. CSV has such village-friendly technologies. We have been successful in achieving our primary goals as villagers are accepting rural technology. Their mindset is changing.Q. The CSV's low-cost eco-huts are being received well. Even forest department has started using them for tourists. What is the feedback?A. All CSV technologies are eco-friendly and based on local material and skill. Not just the forest department, our technologies are being adopted by government departments and institutions, NGOs and rural and urban individuals. With the help of all these agencies and well wishers, CSV has demonstrated all these technologies on the national and international level. Since 1986, when we came up with first eco-hut, 2,000 such houses have been built. Such houses have also been constructed in earthquake-affected Gujarat. There is demand for such houses in Vidarbha, Marathwada and other states.Q. How successful has been the CSV in accomplishing the dream of Gandhi, which was based on village economy? Has CSV instrumental in improving rural India?A. CSV is working basically for the uplift of rural masses on the Gandhian vision of gramodyog. A large number of people in the rural areas have adopted CSV technologies and are happy with their improved lifestyle. We have implemented all our innovative technologies at Boldawadi in Hingoli district. It is known as the eco-tech village. The work has been has been appreciated by all technologists, scientists and individuals. Now, the government has decided to replicate this model in four sites each in Amravati and Kolhapur districts, three villages in Yavatmal and two in Nashik district. All technologies are open to all as CSV does not copyright its technology. Therefore, by conducting various training programmes and seminars, the technologies are disseminated at national and international level. Besides, we have trained thousands of potters and masons who are using these technologies in various states. This is in agreement with the Gandhian philosophy whose target is that villages should be self-sufficient. The use of these appropriate technologies brings independence to villagers and helps them live with dignity. The eco-tech model can also help provide jobs to rural folks and can be promoted as a tourism hub.Q. Most villages in Vidarbha are dependent on forests, putting tremendous biotic pressure on them. Does CSV have any strong solutions?A. CSV has a number of technologies which are optimized for those depending on forests. These technologies will certainly help in strengthening the tribals not only here but across the country.Q. When Vidarbha is under the shadow of thermal power plants and hazardous industries, how can CSV help?A. It is a startling fact. But we feel that for long-term survival, planning eco-friendly rural industries, which are sustainable and socially just, is the only solution. I strongly feel that renewable energy sources are the way out in future. It's best that we start thinking now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "15708914", "title": "Harmanpreet clobbers it like Sehwag", "text": "MOGA: It was full house at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG) and Indian flags fluttered around the stands as the crowd cheered on. A gutsy girl in blue hit the ball high in the air and it went screaming into the stands. It was the last over of an ICC Women's World Cup match between India and Australia in the summer of 2009. The ball went so far that the disbelieving officials asked the girl to undergo a dope test; even her bat was sent to the laboratory to be examined.Harmanpreet Kaur, then just 19, had clobbered it just like her hero, Virender Sehwag, and the six by this girl from Moga (Punjab) made her famous in the women's cricket circles. Now, the Indian team's vice-captain is getting ready for the T20 Women's World Cup to be held in Sri Lanka from September 26. \"That six was the turning point. No one believed a girl could hit a ball so high and far. There were apprehensions that I had taken energy-boosting drugs. I underwent a dope test but I came out clean,\" Harmanpreet told TOI.Growing up in a small town, Harmanpreet had no option but to play with the boys in her neighbourhood as not many girls took to sports. This was a blessing in disguise as she says it made her tough. And her love for \"chicken cooked Punjabi style\" helped her become strong.Harmanpreet - Harry to her teammates - has played in three editions of the T20 Women's World Cup and one World Cup for Women (50 overs), traveling to England, Australia and West Indies. But the 22-year-old still loves her modest two-storey home in a narrow lane in Moga's ward number 2, where she now spends time listening to Punjabi music and playing with her pet dog Leo.She still travels 30 km in a bus to reach the nearest playground, where she practices with her teammates from the Moga district. \"We have seen many hardships. I wanted to be a sportsman but could not because of financial constraints. My daughter is fulfilling my dreams,\" said her father Harmandar, a lawyer's clerk in the district court.\"I remember my father spending his savings on buying cricket kits for me. But he never discouraged me from playing. My parents are a huge support,\" she said.Harmanpreet is determined to make it big, just like her idol Sehwag. \"I love his style and his attitude on the field. He has often given me tips to improve my batting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15718063", "title": "Youth Congress awaits new faces, lease of life to assert itself", "text": "LUCKNOW: A dismal response to the membership drive of the Indian Youth Congress from various districts in Uttar Pradesh has forced the Congress to extend the registration deadline as well as the elections, indefinitely. And if sources in the Indian Youth Congress are to be believed, then till August 13, the fresh registrations were barely 20% of the existing 2.75 lakh membership.The Indian Youth Congress was expecting to better its previous performance, aiming to enrol at least 28% women members into the party ranks. The exercise, party leadership said, was also expected to raise a significant chunk towards party funds. Though renewal of membership was to be free, this year, the membership base fee was fixed at Rs 15, while open category candidates would have to pay Rs 100 as nomination fee at the booth level. The party has also fixed Rs 1,500 for elections to the assembly committee, Rs 3,000 for the Lok Sabha committee and Rs 7,500 for nomination to the state level committee. Subsidised rates were applicable for women candidates and persons from the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and minority communities.With the 31-member Indian Youth Congress team appointed to oversee the preparations and election process deferring its scheduled visit to the state capital on August 5, sources said the party high command is now toying with the idea of re-launching the membership drive. \"The reorganisation of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee is also on the cards. Two meetings of the Indian Youth Congress have already taken place in New Delhi. The final decision is expected soon. We believe that the Indian Youth Congress membership drive and elections will now be postponed until after the state committee is set up,\" a Indian Youth Congress leader said.Apart from a poor response in renewals, fresh membership of Indian Youth Congress has also found few takers. Though bigger assembly constituencies in Lucknow have seen a better response, eastern districts like Bahraich have seen some wards receiving only 100 to 200 application forms. Considering that the membership, this year, was taken down to the booth level, the exercise has drawn a blank in many areas. A Congress leader, on condition of anonymity, said, \"In comparison to the previous membership drive, the response this time is abysmal. Partly, the reason for this failure is because of the party high command's decision to make the format uniform throughout India. Also, the poor show of the Congress in two consecutive elections has affected the workers' morale.\"Earlier Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi has asked Indian Youth Congress to form committees down to the booth level in Uttar Pradesh. Following orders from the party high command, the month-long enrolment drive began on July 16 and should have ended on August 13. Following the enrolment, Indian Youth Congress elections were scheduled to be held in 26 Lok Sabha-level committees, 131 Vidhan Sabha-level committees and 41,679 booth-level committees.For the battered Congress that logged a poor show in two consecutive elections in Uttar Pradesh, the enrolment drive was regarded as a last ditch attempt to resuscitate the party's fortunes. The situation, sources said, worsened after Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi failed to address even a single public meeting despite promising to return to UP, 'even if the Congress won only two seats'. A senior party leader, said, \"Party workers are now uncertain about the fate of the party, as well as their own. In May, the UPA government released a book on its achievements during 2011-12. Three months on, the UPCC headquarters has still not received copies of the book. If that is the level of disinterest from the Centre, how can we go out to motivate or cultivate the party cadres?\"Despite being touted as party general secretary Rahul Gandhi's baby, so far there is no word of the leader's visit to the state during the party's electoral process.In the 2012 UP assembly election, Congress could manage to win only 28 out of 355 seats it contested and secured 11.63% votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15714603", "title": "Man held for robbing elderly women", "text": "Janakpuri police have arrested a man for allegedly robbing elderly women in west Delhi, and recovered a country made pistol, one live cartridge, a gold bangle and a piece of gold from him. Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said Mohammad Kausar (22)told cops that he along with his cohorts Md Aslam alias Sonu and Bharat Gulati used to rob solitary women by choking and terrorizing them. The trio targeted women around bazaars. They had also committed a robbery at gunpoint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15723191", "title": "Ferry project scrapped, launches rust in water", "text": "KOLKATA: The previous government's ambitious ferry service project - and along with it several lakhs of public money - has met a watery grave.The Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government had in 2006 announced the ferry service to connect Kolkata with Salt Lake and Rajarhat. Accordingly, two wooden launches were procured for several lakhs. Five years later, a few months after coming to power in 2011, chief minister Mamata Banerjee modified the plan and proposed a Singapore-like waterway along the network of canals connecting Kolkata to Rajarhat.However, nobody seems to have bothered to find out what happened to the infrastructure already created for the proposed ferry service in 2006. The two launches were taken to the riverbank outside Howrah station and allowed to turn into complete wrecks.Whatever remains of these two launches are visible during low tide. During high tide they are completely submerged. According to sources in the West Bengal Surface Transport Corporation Ltd (WBSTCL), the remains of the two launches can only be sold off as scrap. Even the engines were not removed for use in other vessels.\"After some trial runs along the Kestopur canal in 2006-07, the launches were brought to this location and moored. Nobody bothered to take care of them thereafter. For some time, they remained afloat and then sank. They are too flimsy to be used for ferry service across the Hooghly, but could have been sold to operators in the districts where there are ferry services across canals or small rivers. There are rumours that the costs of the launches were inflated in the books of accounts. Had they been sold off, it would have been very difficult to explain why they fetched so less a price. The only option was to allow them to turn into wrecks and then dispose of them as scrap,\" a source revealed.In 2006, it was planned to run ferry services along the Circular-New Cut-Kestopur canals. Trial runs were held from the Chitpur Lock Gate to Baisakhi in Salt Lake. During one such trial run, the launch ran aground and the occupants, including senior government officials, had to be evacuated. The Rs 20-crore project was planned by the now defunct Hidco along with the state irrigation department and Kolkata Municipal Corporation. The ferry services were to be run by the WBSTCL. The length of the waterway up to Rajarhat New Town along the network of the three canals is about 20 km.The plan was to dredge the canals and allow water to enter the network from the Hooghly. This water was to be supplied, after treatment, to Rajarhat New Town. This project was later scrapped. \"This project was slated to fail from the start. One can't run ferry services along the canals till the encroachments along either bank are removed,\" another source said.WBSTCL managing director A K Thakur acknowledged that the launches are in bad shape. He wouldn't say why the launches weren't sold off in good condition though. \"I will talk to you on this matter later,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716182", "title": "Youth forum flays attacks on NE people", "text": "PUNE: Young Indians (Yi), an integral youth forum of the Confederation of Indian Industry, Pune Chapter, expressed regrets about the present scenario of people from the northeast fleeing from some cities following panic and rumours of violence.In a statement issued here on Thursday, Ritu Nathani, chapter chair, Yi Pune, said, \"As an organisation that promotes and stands for friendship, peace and mutual cooperation, such instances of creating unrest and targeting a certain section of people from a particular region that is very much an integral part of India is unnecessary, illogical and thoughtless.\"India has witnessed some unrest with people from the northeast regions of the country leaving the cities of Bangalore, Chennai and Pune, among others. \"With 24 chapters around the country, including five in the northeastern region, Yi closely works with them on nation building agendas and initiatives. In fact, the national retreat of Yi was hosted in Nagaland last year and Yi's thought leadership initiative for the region, the Eastern Regional Summit, is being planned there as well,\" she said.\"As young people of India representing the new phase of India's growth story inside and around the world, such instances of restlessness are indeed disheartening. This incident has affected people who have been forced to go back to their cities and leave organisations that they were associated with,\" she said.She also said that Yi's governing council was due to meet shortly in Kolkata and will bring in members from across the chapters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15728099", "title": "Project to digitize land database yet to take off", "text": "KOCHI: The revenue land registration information system (RELIS), aimed to make services related to land ownership transparent and realtime, is yet to take off in the district due to shortage of equipment. The project that was successfully implemented in Palakkad was supposed to take off in Ernakulam by June.Officials in the land revenue department said they have completed training for officials and are waiting for equipment, including laptops and printers. Assistant commissioner, land assignment, D Sajith Babu, said the agency that was supposed to deliver the equipment has not completed the tendering process to procure the devices. \"Special training programmes have already been conducted for tahsildars, additional tahsildars and village officers. We have asked Keltron and Kerala State IT Mission to speed up the tender process,\" said Babu.He said the project is likely to be launched in the district in a couple of months.According to the plan, the RELIS would be implemented in the district along with Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha and Kottayam.The project is being implemented jointly by the state IT mission, National Informatics Centre, department of registration, Akshaya and C-DIT.The software for the programme was developed by NIC and district IT centres will implement the programme with help from NIC.Once the project is implemented the authorities can issue digitally signed 'bhoorekha' (land records) based on the common land database of various departments, transfer of registry, mutation and pokkuvaravu (transfer of registry),without delay.Another advantage of the project is that the public will be able to utilize the facilities through Akshaya centres.District collector P ISheik Pareeth said the project would be initially implemented in 95 villages where resurvey has been completed.Kochi: The revenue land registration information system (RELIS), aimed to make services related to land ownership transparent and virtually real-time, is yet to take off in the district owing to shortage of equipment. The project that was successfully implemented in Palakkad district was supposed to take off in Ernakulam by June this year.Officials in the land revenue department said that they have completed training for officials and are waiting for equipment including laptops and printers. Assistant commissioner, land assignment, D Sajith Babu said that the agency that was supposed to deliver the equipment has not completed the tender process for procuring the devices.\"Special training programmes have already been conducted for tahsildars, additional tahsildars and village officers. We have asked Keltron and Kerala state IT mission to speed up the tender process so that we can procure the equipment at the earliest,\" Sajith Babu said. He also added that they are confident that the project can be launched in the district within a couple of months.According to the plan the authorities were planning to implement the RELIS in the district along with Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha and Kottayam. The project is being implemented under the joint efforts of the State IT Mission, National Informatics Centre, department of registration, Akshaya and CDiT. The software for the programme was developed by NIC and district IT centres will implement the programme with help from NIC.Once the project is implemented the authorities can issue digitally signed 'bhoorekha' (land records) based on the common land database of various departments, transfer of registry, mutation and pokkuvaravu (transfer of registry), without much delay. Another advantage of the project is that public will be able to utilise the facilities through the Akshaya centres.District Collector P I Sheikh Pareeth said that the project would be initially implemented in 95 villages where resurvey has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15722023", "title": "Special trains to ease festival rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The railway administration has decided to run special trains in order to ease heavy rush of passengers during Durga Puja and Dussehra celebrations. This includes one special train between Delhi (Anand Vihar terminal) and Kolkata and another between Howrah and Mumbai (Lokmanya Tilak Terminal).Train number 03125/03126 would ply between Anand Vihar Terminal and Kolkata. This train will depart from Kolkata at about 1:45 pm and arrive at Vardhaman at 3:32 pm, Durgapur at 4:20 pm, Asansol at 5:55 pm, Dhanbad at 6:10 pm, Gomu at 6:45 pm, Kodarma at 7:50 pm, Gaya at 9:35 pm, Dehri-on-Son at 11:00 pm, Sasaram at 11:17 pm, Bhabhua Road at 11:50 pm, Mughalsarai at 2:00 am, Allahabad at 4:35 am, Kanpur at 7:15 am and finally terminate at Anand Vihar terminal at 1:50 pm. During the return journey, the train will leave Anand Vihar terminal at 7:50 pm and arrive at Kanpur at 1:42 am, Allahabad at 4:20 am, Mughalsarai at 6:45 am, Sasaram at 8:21 am, Gaya at 10:05 am, Kodarma at 11:20 am, Dhanbad at 1:35 pm, Asansol at 2:45 pm, Durgapur at 3:20 pm, Vardhaman at 4:18 pm and finally terminate at Kolkata at 6:10 pm.This train will depart from Kolkata every Saturday from October 13 to November 14 and from Anand Vihar terminal every Sunday from October 10 to November 25. This train will comprise one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier, ten sleeper, two general and two SLR coaches.Train number 03061/03062 would ply between Howrah and Lokmanta Tilak Terminal (LTT). This train will leave Howrah at 8:20 am and go through the route of Vardhaman, Durgapur, Asansol, Dhanbad, Parasnath, Kodarma, Gaya, Dehri-on-Son, Sasaram, Mughalsarai, Mirzapur, Chheoki, Manikpur, Satna, Katni, Jabalpur, Pipariya, Itarsi, Khandwa, Bhusawal, Jalgaon, Manmad, Nasik, Igatpuri, Kalyan and finally terminate at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus at about 11:50 pm. During the return journey, the train will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus at about 12:30 pm and after passing through the above route will ultimately terminate at Howrah at 6:00 am.This train will leave Howrah every Tuesday from 16 to November 27 and from LTT end every Tghusrday om October 18 to November 29. This train will comprise one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier, ten sleeper, two general and 2 SLR coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15744173", "title": "Mahesh Babu\u2019s Dookudu releasing in Malayalam", "text": "Prince and superstar Mahesh Babu-Samantha starrer 'Dookudu' will be soon releasing in Malayalam (dubbed version). The Sreenu Vaitla-directed blockbuster movie is nearing all the post production formalities and is gearing for release soon.\"DOOKUDU Malayalam version songs are just rocking. Dubbing in completion stage. Just waiting for our princely superstar to expand his empire (sic)\" posted Anil Sunkara on his micro blogging site.Dookudu was one of the biggest hits in Telugu cinema history and the biggest in Mahesh Babu's career. Anil Sunkara, Achanta Ram and Gopichand had produced the film under 14 Reels Entertainment banner. Thaman has scored the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15724512", "title": "Statements of doctors yet to be recorded", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It will be a month in another four days since the formation of an external committee to probe the causes that lead to Anupama Sarkar's death but not once have the statements of the accused doctors been recorded. The panel had scheduled two meetings with the doctors who had attended on the patient who died following delay in treatment, however both these meetings were not held.On Saturday the probe could not be conducted in the absence of some doctors on the panel. Prior to this the doctors on the panel wanted to seek legal advice, if they should go ahead with the probe as a case had been filed in the consumer court by Anupama's parents.The previous meeting was to be held on August 18 when Dr M C Mishra from the AIIMS, Delhi did not turn up. Informing about the meeting on Saturday, Dr S S Gill, chairman of the committee said, \"Both Dr Mishra and Dr Vipin Kaushal did not come for the meeting on Saturday, so we had to postpone it. Dr Mishra is out of the country.\" On August 10, the panel members had spoken to Anupama's parents. When asked about the submission of the report, the chairman said, \"It is too early as we have yet to speak to the doctors.\"Anupama Sarkar, a school-going teen was admitted to the PGI on July 17 after her leg was crushed under a Chandigarh Transport Undertaking bus.She died on July 24 following infection in the leg and subsequent cardiac arrest in the hospital.Out of the five members on external probe team, there are two doctors from the PGI, a former head of the orthopaedics department and present vice chancellor of Baba Farid University of Health Sciences in Faridkot.\"We are not hopeful that the probe will give us justice. Despite the case being so obvious and the cause of death having been mentioned in the postmortem report, they are still delaying investigations,\" said Amit Sarkar, Anupama's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "karaikudi", "code": "15728041", "title": "P Chidambaram tells growers to hone their skills in non-farming activities", "text": "KARAIKUDI: Union finance minister P Chidambaram who inaugurated the new premises of the Rural Training Centre (RTC) in Amaravathipudur, 9 km away from Karaikudi town on Saturday, urged farmers to develop skills in non-farming activities to augment their incomes.The RTC at Karaikudi was inaugurated in July 2005 with the aim of offering training to rural people in fields like agriculture, animal husbandry, small and micro enterprises and cottage industries. The RTC campus which was functioning in a rented building was provided 10 acres in Amaravathipudur village in 2008 and the full-fledged campus has been constructed at a cost of Rs 6.96 crore.The new campus has been equipped with an administrative block consisting of four classrooms, library, computer lab, conference hall, mini-conference hall, auditorium with seating capacity of 200 persons and rooms for administrative staff and faculty. There is also a hostel block to accommodate 100 trainees, four guest rooms with dining and kitchen facilities. The centre offers training in dairy, sheep rearing, poultry, embroidery, palm craft, tailoring, fashion technology, mobile phone servicing, beautician courses, home appliances servicing, napkin making, four-wheeler driving classes, two-wheeler mechanisms, refrigerator and air-conditioner servicing with the training period ranging from 2 to 25 days. According to the centre authorities, 5,768 candidates were trained so far including 43 differently-abled, 3,787 women and 1,098 SC/ST candidates. The centre is jointly managed by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD), Indian Overseas Bank and Indian Bank.Inaugurating the campus, Chidambaram said farmers need skill development in a country where 60% of the people were dependent on agriculture. \"Agriculture in India is rain-fed and it is turning unviable due to factors like irregular rainfall, depleting ground water, largely contributed by climate change,\" he said. \"But agriculture cannot be abandoned in a country like ours with a huge population as importing foodgrains or other farm products is unimaginable. We need to cultivate our lands in spite of challenging times. The Central government is giving additional impetus to irrigation facilities,\" he said.He said the Centre planned to disburse Rs 5.75 lakh crore worth crop and agricultural loans, the minister said, with a seven percent interest rate reducible further to four percent in case of prompt repayment. \"However, it is important that farmers hone their skills in non-farming activities as well,\" he said. \"Agriculture alone will not provide sufficient income for farmers as agricultural activities are seasonal. Hence, it is important that they learn new skills to augment their income. The RTC has been playing a vital role in this part. Farmers should utilise the training centre especially,\" Chidambaram said.Prakash Bakshi, chairman, NABARD, T M Bhasin, chairman and managing director, Indian Bank and M Narendra, chairman and managing director, Indian Overseas Bank, also attended the inaugural function. Earlier in the day, Chidambaram also inaugurated a branch of the Bank of Maharashtra in Rajaghambeeram village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15727686", "title": "Punjab seeks Rs 1,000-crore package for crop diversification", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab government has sought Rs 1,000 crore financial assistance package for creating necessary infrastructure to develop knowhow for production of alternate crops and their post harvest handling, as a major push for diversification of agriculture. The state wants its farmers to stop producing rice, which is taking a huge toll on the underground water resources.Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal met Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in New Delhi on Saturday morning at his residence and stressed that diversification of agriculture is the need of the hour to bail out the beleaguered peasantry of the state from the conventional wheat-paddy rotation, besides motivating them to go for other alternate crops by ensuring remunerative returns.Institutional and infrastructural support has been demanded by the state which would go a long way towards a paradigm shift from paddy to alternate crops. Badal also asked Pawar to ensure that a remunerative minimum support price for alternate crops be announced well ahead of the sowing season and an efficient procurement mechanism should be assured for marketing of these crops, through a designated agency of the Central government, as is the case with wheat and paddy, so that proper marketing of these crops could be guaranteed. \"Only this will motivate the farmers to stop producing paddy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713029", "title": "23 'rioters' allege police brutality", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-three people who were first arrested for the violence on August 11 have submitted an application to the 37th metropolitan magistrate's court claiming they were beaten up by cops inside the Arthur Road jail. The court has accepted their application and asked the police to take the men for a medical examination and submit its report on Monday.Meanwhile, the special investigating team (SIT) on Saturday included two women inspectors in its probing team. Sources said the women cops will record the statements of the five female constables who were allegedly molested by the mob during the August 11 violence.The police are also probing an incident in which bullets were flung at a train when it was passing through Govandi. \"The bullets were stolen from an SLR belonging to a cop who was present at Azad Maidan during the riots,\" said an officer.\"One of the bullets had hit a commuter, leaving him with a broken tooth. This incident deepens Govandi's link to the riot.\"The SIT has found that at least three of the 23 arrested suspects are innocent. These three are Dadar resident Salim Ali, Mazgaon resident Abbas Ujjainwala and Anees Dawre, a resident of south Mumbai.TOI had reported about Salim's innocence in its August 20 edition. Salim's father Aslam had submitted CCTV footage with time stamps showing his son was in their housing society at the time of the voilence.JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"After verifying the facts, we have drawn up a list of persons who were not present during the violence. They will be discharged.\"The 51st accused in the case, Imran Abdul Shaikh, was produced before the metropolitan magistrate on Saturday and remanded in police custody till September 1. Shaikh is accused of setting a police vehicle on fire on August 11. The police have summoned retired ACP Shamsher Pathan to appear before them on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717644", "title": "Cops yet to make any arrest in Alvida namaz violence", "text": "LUCKNOW: After slammed by the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court, which took serious view over the violence that took place after the culmination of Alvida namaz in the city recently and sought state government's reply as to what actions it has taken for installation of new statues and bringing the culprits to book, senior officials claimed that a few hooligans have been identified. However, what is intriguing is that none have been arrested so far.This assumes serious dimensions, as the group, which had initially given the call for demonstration to protest against alleged violence in Assam and Burma had decided not to stage protest after persuasion by the district administration and police officials. The supporters of the group were duly informed, the police had then claimed.It also makes clear that the culprits were none other than those who wanted to vitiate the atmosphere and infuse communal hatred in a city known for its nawabi culture, and brings the police under the scanner as to what is stopping it to act tough against those who flaunted vandalism to the extent of damaging the idols of Lord Mahavir and Lord Buddha.The hooligans strangely didn't stop here, they even manhandled camerapersons and press photographers who had grabbed their heinous act in their cameras. \"Their bid to target scribes is testimony to the fact that they were not serious about their protest, but only wanted to vitiate the atmosphere,\" DIG (range) Navniet Sekera had told reporters on August 19 and added that is why they either had covered their faces or wanted camerapersons not to click them indulging in vandalism.Sekera also had said that a few of hooligans, who were involved in making an attempt to disrupt peace and harmony in the city known for its cultural values, have been identified and said the process to taken direct action against them will be expedited immediately after Eid.The action-taking process has been deliberately slowed down in view of the festival to stop trouble makers to take advantage of the festival in disrupting peace of the city, Sekera had told mediapersons. He had also assured of transparent and effective action against all the trouble makers who were involved in Friday's incident in the city. However, both transparent and effective action against all the trouble makers is still awaited. The court has posted the matter for next hearing on August 29.The dilly-dallying approach adopted by the district and police administration in the state capital had come for questioning on the day of Alvida namaaz when the marchers had started from Teelewaali Masjid and moved till Hazratganj Crossing. The police at most of the places had remained a mute spectator and had not made a single arrest despite hooligans indulging in vandalism intermittently. Not only this, the hooligans had crossed Pariwartan Chowk to reach Hazratganj Crossing without cops even trying to stop them even once.In fact Sekera while talking to journalists on August 19 had admitted that it were lapses on the part of the police administration that allowed hooligans to cross Pariwartan Chowk and reach till Hazratganj Crossing. Efforts to contact the DIG (range) and SSP RK Chaturvedi on Saturday proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727939", "title": "Kanan Devan declares 10% dividend", "text": "KOCHI: Munnar-based tea plantations group Kanan Devan Hills Plantations Company Private Ltd (KDHP) has declared a dividend of 10% for the year ended March 31, 2012.The company's fiscal 2012 revenues grew 4.75% to Rs 198.23 crore from Rs 189.23 crore a year ago. Annual net profit was Rs 3.32 crore .\"Profits took a knock due to an unprecedented upward wage revision of as much as 23%, coupled with a larger contribution to the gratuity fund towards earlier year's liability,\" a the company said in a statement. The company attributed the improvement in top line to larger volume of sales and vastly improved realization. During the fiscal 2012, company exported 1.53 million kgs of tea, despite the disturbances in the Middle East. \"A typical case in point was exports to Iran, a major buyer of orthodox variety of teas at remunerative prices, which remained suspended for the entire year on account of non-availability of appropriate mechanism for receipt of export proceeds,\" the statement said.\"The wage agreement for the period 2011-2014 and the resultant steep increase in wages place a huge financial burden on the industry, leading to possible curtailment of developmental activities. The company continued its employees' welfare programmes in areas like maternal and child welfare, immunization, protected water supply, environmental conservation and nutrition. A study undertaken by the company to assess the impact of its welfare measures found that 96% of those surveyed rated the welfare measures as either good or satisfactory,\" the statement said.KDHP also welcomed the state government's plan to allow plantations to use up to 5% of its holdings for alternatives use, as mentioned in the revised State Budget for 2011-12. With this, the industry will be able to use land holdings for more profitable use, which could offset growing operational costs, KDHP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15725300", "title": "Trilateral meet to discuss Iran's Chabahar port", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, Iran and Afghanistan will meet in Tehran on Sunday to discuss building and utilization of Chabahar port. Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai will lead the Indian delegation.The three nations are expected to study a report by the Indian Ports Association (IPA) on possible commercial activities through Chabahar port. \"It (report) has a number of different possibilities and we are studying it ... The idea is to take forward what we need to do with Chabahar. What is in our common interest ...\" Mathai said.Iran wants to increase the capacity of the port from 3 million tonnes to 6 million tonnes in the first phase, and pushing it up to 10 million tonnes in the second phase, starting 2013. The trilateral will also decide when and how to build railway infrastructure to move freight upto Afghanistan as well as development of the free trade zones.The meeting will set up an experts group to work on the modalities to develop the port. India will make substantial investments in the port, some of which will come from the rupee payments for oil that India is still importing from Iran, but it is yet to take a decision on investing in the port's development. India has reduced oil imports by 40% from Iran.India is keen to involve Afghanistan in the building of Chabahar port. It will not only be the biggest beneficiary of the port \u2014 New Delhi transported its first consignment of wheat through Chabahar to Afghanistan recently \u2014 but Tehran and Kabul can also become the conduit for India's own Central Asia policy. Chabahar has huge strategic significance as an alternative to Karachi port for those wanting to reach Afghanistan, which could include everybody from India to the US.Iran has built a road connecting Chabahar to the Afghan border, while India has built the stretch from Delaram to Zaranj.Prime Minister will be in Tehran for the NAM summit next week, where it is expected that India will have extensive discussions with the Iranian leadership on the conflicts troubling West Asia. Iranian foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi was quoted saying about 50 countries would participate in the summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727532", "title": "SmartCity: Oz evinces interest in IT projects", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a push to government efforts to attract investors to the SmartCity, Kochi, Australian Trade Commission, the Australian government's trade and investment development agency, has expressed its willingness to cooperate with the IT project in areas like research and innovation, construction of green buildings and starting IT firms.Representatives led by Australian Trade Commissioner Michael Carter visited the site of SmartCity at Kakkanad on Thursday.According to officials of Tecom, the promoter of SmartCity, the Australian team is impressed with the location and facilities offered for starting firms as part of the IT project.\"We will soon visit Australia to invite individual investors to cooperate with our endeavour. We are also holding talks with firms from other countries too,\" a SmartCity official said. Universities in Australia will also associate with the research and innovation wing of SmartCity.Dean George, director of business development, SmartCity Kochi, welcomed the delegation and gave a brief presentation on the unique benefits offered by the project.SmartCity will open its pavilion at Emerging Kerala-2012, a meet to be organized by state government in Kochi next month to promote investment. SmartCity officials said the stall is expected to attract more investors.While various events to promote the project are on, the SmartCity officials are concerned over the delay in getting SEZ status for the entire land handed over for the project.Of the total 246 acres earmarked for the project, SEZ notification has already been issued for 136 acres.A river across the project land has delayed the grant of SEZ status for 246 acres. According to norms, SEZ approval can't be given to land which is separated by natural borders like rivers.Following a state government plea, the Union government has agreed to change the norms to give SEZ approval for the land divided by natural boundaries too. Officials believe that the approval from the Centre is likely by mid-August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15754556", "title": "Farmers need to adopt good agriculture practices to get residue free produce, experts say", "text": "LUDHIANA: The farm scientists with expertise for managing the crop diseases, from various parts of the country, held thorough deliberations on detection of plant pathogens, biotechnology and plant diseases and integrated plant disease management, during the brain storming session on \"Recent developments in the management of rice diseases,\" organised recently at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) .Various recommendations, emerging out of the discussions, were finalized during the session. The need for developing experimental protocols for screening of rice germplasm against emerging diseases such as false smut and neck blast, was emphasized. The experts stressed that near isogenic lines, for blast and bacterial blight resistance; need to be tested at different locations in the country, to observe any variation in the disease reaction, so as to use resistance lines for varietal development.The experts suggests the need for establishment of a hi-tech state-of-the art \"Pesticide Residue Laboratory\" in Punjab state, for analyzing samples of rice and other crops, for detection of pesticide residues and for facilitating their export to other nations. They added that a winning project proposal on biology and management of upcoming rice diseases such as foot rot, false smut, neck blast and sheath blight may be developed and submitted to the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) or Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India, New Delhi, for financial support. The experts also emphasized the need for urging the farmers to adopt good agricultural practices, to get clean and pesticide free residue.During the brain storming session, the experts also shed light on plant pathology research at International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), molecular marker technology for mapping, characterization and transfer of bacterial blight resistance genes in rice and status of bacterial blight of rice which appeared in epidemic form, during the years 1968, 1972, 1976, 1980 and 1981. Besides, understanding the molecular basis of Pi54 mediated blast resistance in rice, breeding programme for bacterial blight resistance in rice and scenario of fungal diseases of rice and basmati rice in Punjab with thrust on their epidemiology and integrated management, were some of other focus areas. The issues pertaining to rice diseases under field conditions, micro nutrient management, improvement in seed treatment technology and pesticide residues , were also discussed. A poster session, highlighting diseases of rice and other crops, was also organized and three best posters were given away prizes.The resource persons included T R Sharma, Principle Scientist , National Research Centre on Plant Biotechnology, New Delhi, D.S. Brar, Adjunct Professor at PAU and former Head, Division of Plant Breeding, Genetics and Biotechnology, IRRI, Ram Singh, Senior Plant Pathologist, CCS Haryana Agricultural University, S.K. Maan, former Dean, Postgraduate Studies, PAU, SS Sokhi, former Additional Director of Extension Education, PAU, and the university experts, Kuldeep Singh, Head, School of Agricultural Biotechnology, G.S. Mangat, Senior Rice Breeder, P.P.S. Pannu, Senior Plant Pathologist and PP Singh, Head, Plant Pathology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15714526", "title": "Degree colleges in grip of poll fever, election in Brahmanand Degree College today", "text": "KANPUR: The canvassing for the student elections is gaining momentum in the degree colleges affiliated to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University.On August 26, the students of Brahmanand Degree College will get a chance to elect a president and secretary. In other degree colleges, the elections dates are yet to be declared. It is expected that in September, student union elections would be held in all the degree colleges.The authorities of the other degree colleges have started chalking out strategies for conducting elections in a peaceful manner and on the basis of the recommendations made by Lyngdoh committee.The authorities of Juhari Devi Girls Cegree College stated that the elections would be held in the first week of September.Harsahay College administration wants proper security arrangements before the elections. Elections will be conducted in the third week of September.PPN Degree College and AND College are also looking forward to conduct elections. These two colleges would be conducting the elections in the first and the second week of September respectively.The authorities of Halim Muslim Degree College would hold a meeting on August 27 to discuss the issue. The college is planning to conduct the elections in the first week of next month.The authorities of VSSD Degree College stated that soon the dates of the elections would be declared and it could be held around September 10.The principal of SN Sen Degree College said that a meeting to discuss the date of the elections would be held on August 25.The administration of Mahila Mahavidyalaya said the proctorial board would decide when to conduct the elections in September.The authorities of DC Law College said that the admission process in LLB is going on and it would continue till September 10. The students union election would be held by September 20.In Jwala Devi Girls Degree College and Gurunanak Girls College, the elections will be held latest by September 15.In DBS and DAV Degree colleges, the elections would probably be held in September. The DAV College teachers have given August 26 as the deadline to the district administration and police to nab the rowdy students who had attacked college teachers. \"If the culprits are arrested and booked within the set deadline, we can go ahead and conduct elections in September, otherwise it would be difficult,\" said a faculty member of DAV College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15758033", "title": "Heavy rains cause havoc, inundates houses", "text": "MANGALORE: Heavy rains in the city from Saturday night 8 pm caused havoc inundating low lying areas of the city like Jappinamogeru and Yekkur. Mangalore taluk received 138.9 mm of rainfall till 8.30 am on Saturday in the last 24 hours. The rain was so heavy that KSNMDC issued 25 rain alerts starting at 2.15 am Sunday.In Jappinamogeru as many as 15 to 20 houses were in knee deep water. Three houses in Mugerkattepuni belonging to Amitha, Dinaker and Revathi were in knee deep water. In Kattepuni Hoigerashi, as manya s 12 houses met with the same fate. Locals alleged that the company executing the National Highway 17 project near Nethravathi Bridge had put pipelines in the storm drain restricting water flow which caused the storm water drain overflowing.They said it was after two years such a situation was witnessed in that area. The water started entering the houses at 5.30 am putting an end to plans of a restful Sunday.Mayor Gulzaar Banu who visited the spot in a boat, assured the residents that a side wall would be constructed beside the storm water drain to end the problem on a permanent basis.Even in Yekkur, many houses were inundated due to the overflowing storm drain waters. Home guards, DK and Udupi, under the direction of MCC commissioner along with a team of 20 home guards evacuated residents in this area using boats.Water entered almost all houses. City Corporation Assistant Executive Engineer Linge Gowda said that people from two houses were shifted from Jeppu Kudupadi. The fields near their house were standing in four feet of water and water inside their water had two feet. They feared looking at the rising water level and called for help,'' he added. They have found shelter in their relatives' houses.The highest rainfall was in Mulky of Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district at 199.5 mm. The rainfall in rest of the taluks and main areas is as follows: Bantwal (92 mm), Belthangady (55.4), Puttur (68 mm), Uppinangady (58.4 mm), Sullia (68.5 mm) and Bajpe airport received 141.4 mm of rainfall.Heavy rains at the airport disrupted the schedule of Air India Express from Dubai . It could not land at the airport when it arrived at 6.30 am and was diverted to Calicut. The passengers will come to Mangalore by another flight soon on Sunday evening, said airport sources adding that the visibility was very poor and the heavy rains compounded the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714666", "title": "Central Railway creating hurdles for railway overbridge, claims minister", "text": "NAGPUR: MSRDC minister Jaidatt Kshirsagar has assured that the long pending Mangalwari railway overbridge (ROB) will be completed by September end. He claimed that the delay was due to Central Railway and MSRDC had done its share of the job. The construction of the ROB had started on October 20, 2008 and was scheduled to be completed in April 2010.Mayor Anil Sole had recently issued an ultimatum to railway authorities.However, the minister did not give any deadline for the completion of Ram Jhoola and again blamed Central Railway for the delay. Addressing a press conference, he said, \"One lane of the bridge will be completed in six months. However, the other lane will take time as the existing ROB will have to be demolished.\"Kshirsagar said he is not aware of the affidavit filed by MSRDC at the Nagpur high court regarding completion of Ram Jhoola.Explaining the delay, he said, \"The machinery for casting the cables of the bridge is ready. But the contractor Shapurji Pallonji is having problems in procuring the cables. However, I have told the company officials that they have to procure the cables anyhow in two months,\" he said. \"The contractor had placed an order with an African company but unfortunately it closed down before it could supply the cables. Now the contractor is holding talks with a Chinese and a Spanish company.\"Kshirsagar slammed the railway authorities for the delay. \"I met the officials today and told them to expedite the work. Central Railway have raised impossible demands many times. They demanded an advance of Rs13.5 crore for maintenance cost for 30 years. We gave it in public interest. Delay by railways raised the project cost by Rs30 crore. MSRDC, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and state urban development department (UDD) paid Rs10 crore each,\" he said.He parried queries regarding abysmal condition of city roads and refused to directly criticize NMC even though it is ruled by the BJP. \"You (mediapersons) know their condition. Their maintenance should be better. However, the road infrastructure of Nagpur is better than other cities of Maharashtra except Pune,\" he said.Irked by the inordinate delay in completion of Narendra Nagar ROB, citizens had started using it before its official inauguration. Kshirsagar claimed that the government did not go in for a formal inauguration so that citizens are not inconvenienced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15718703", "title": "Day 5: No sign of guard who shot at five-year-old", "text": "GURGAON: Five days after the shooting incident at a DLF phase V condominium which left a five-year-old girl critically injured, the accused security guard continues to remain missing.According to police, apart from investigations in the city, a team of five policemen had left for Bihar to arrest the accused in his native place, in case he lands up there. But so far, despite the efforts of both the Gurgaon and Bihar police, the whereabouts of the accused remain unknown.Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station, also said that they had sent a notice to the LE Group, the company from where the accused security guard was hired, but they have not got a response so far. The police have sought a clarification from the LE Group as to whether the accused, Rahul Kumar, was a private security guard of the victim's family or if he was the security guard of the entire housing society.\"Our teams are on the job and we will take him into custody once we ascertain whether it was intentional or accidental. We hope to trace him soon,\" said Bhupendra Singh, ACP (DLF), Gurgaon. Meanwhile, Vanya, the minor who was injured by the gunshot, continued to be in a critical condition in the paediatric ICU of Medanta Medicity.\"She is still not out of danger but her condition has improved marginally. We are praying for her well-being,\" said B L Chadha, Vanya's grandfather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15725729", "title": "Patna girls lose faith in police", "text": "PATNA: Despite chief minister's dressing-down to the police 'kaptans' of the state to arrest the downward trends of people's perception about policing in Bihar , cases of police apathy towards girls' complaints going unheeded galore. The suicide note of Kanchan Kumari of Sitamarhi on Thursday, blaming the SP for her death, kicked off a fresh debate over the role of police in handling cases of molestation, eve-teasing and rape in the state. When the TOI on Saturday reached the city girls for their perception about police, it was more to it than meets the eye.The common perception is that the city girls, too, are now losing faith in the police due to lack of quick response to their complaints. And, they have reasons to believe so. Incidents of boys trying to take photos and making videos of girls on road are very common. But what happened with Swati Singh, a BCom student at Magadha Mahila College, made her lose faith in the cops. \"I, along with my friends, was having 'chaat' near the City SP's residence. I was shocked to see the guard at the gate taking my photograph from his mobile phone,\" she told TOI.Deepa Jha, another BCom student of Magadha Mahila College, lodged a complaint with the women cell against some boys who used to send objectionable messages to her on cellphone. She had mentioned in her complaint the mobile numbers she was receiving the messages from. \"I still get messages from those numbers. No action has been taken against the boys. Some cops even suggested me to change my number. How can I keep on changing my number every now and then because of such people? My bank, email and various other accounts are linked to my mobile number. I have this number at various important places, too,\" she said.Jyoti Shah, a BSc student at Patna University, has similar grievance. \"Once I, along with my friend, took a rickshaw from the university to go to my residence at Lohanipur. The rickshaw-puller took us to the Exhibition Road through various narrow by-lanes. When at a crossing we complained to the cops about it, he just rebuked the rickshaw-puller and warned him to puncture the tyre of his rickshaw. Instead of helping us to get rickshaw, he made us go with the same suspicious person.\"For Nitika Sharma, a BA part-II student of Patna Women's College, going to and coming back from college in autorickshaw is an irksome experience, daily. Eve-teasing in autos is very common, Nitika said. \"Some boys, even some old-age people, try and touch our body intentionally while entering or getting down the auto. Once a guy touched my waist while getting down from the auto and when it was about to start he asked me shamelessly 'touch hua na?' Similarly, many times guys randomly come in the auto with girl passengers and say 'jaha tak ja raha hai hum bhi challenge' (I will go wherever you go). They continuously stare and pass comments on us,\" she added.Staying at a hostel is no less than a nightmare for girls as their hostel gates are 'adda' for city Romeos who stand there watching and commenting on girls. \"They will sing indecent songs and sometimes use vulgar words,\" said Arpita Pandey, a BA part-III student at JD Women's College who stays at a hostel on Boring Road.Rejecting the logic of a few people that indecent dresses provoke boys for making comments, Mahi Kaur, a BCom student of Magadh Mahila College said, \"We wear college uniform that is salwar-suit. Still we hear vulgar words from roadside Romeos.\"Priya Sinha, a BA part-II student at Patna Women's College, complains, \"Incidents of eve-teasing have increased in the city in the last few months despite deployment of cops at college gates.\" She, however, adds, \"To some extent girls are also responsible as they call their boyfriends or brothers to pick up and drop them. They stare at other girls and pass comments when their sisters or girlfriends are not with them.\"(Names of all the girls have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15713479", "title": "Advocate wages 18-year battle for Rs 9 refund from MTNL", "text": "MUMBAI: In 1994, an advocate took on MTNL for charging extra service tax on his telephone bill. The case slowly inched forward in the high court and then the Supreme Court, but he didn't give up. Eighteen years later, he got his due: an MTNL refund cheque for Rs 9 that he received earlier in August.\"It was a matter of principle,\" said Sanjay Kothari, the proud recipient. \"MTNL is a public body and if they wrongly charge consumers, they must refund it. Otherwise, it is a case of unjust enrichment.\"And Kothari is not done yet. He has filed a contempt petition over MTNL's failure to refund the extra tax to other customers as the Bombay high court had ordered in 2010.MTNL has to refund Rs 9 each to 1.8 lakh peopleAn RTI application filed by Mumbai advocate Sanjay Kothari revealed that MTNL has to refund Rs 9 to about 1.8 lakh consumers. The amount works out to over Rs 16 lakh.His case against the public body goes back to the early 90s when Kothari read the fine print in his bill of Rs 340 and realized that he had been charged extra service tax. MTNL refused a refund, following which Kothari, who was represented by senior advocate Arif Bookwala and advocates Sanjay Udeshi and Mahesh Londhe, filed a writ petition in 1994 before the high court.MTNL said Kothari's actual bill was for Rs 380 and since he had paid a deposit of Rs 5,000 under the Own Your Telephone scheme, he was eligible for a rebate of Rs 40 in his bi-monthly bill for 20 years. The PSU stated it would consider his actual bill of Rs 380 when charging service tax, while Kothari argued that it should be calculated on his payable bill of Rs 340.Sixteen years later, the HC ruled in Kothari's favour, saying the service tax should have been charged only on the gross amount reflected in the telephone bill. MTNL moved the Supreme Court a year later, but their plea was dismissed last July on grounds of delay.Earlier this month, he finally got the cheque for Rs 9. \"MTNL could have easily adjusted the amount in my current bill, but they chose to issue a cheque which costs money,\" said Kothari. \"It seems they are not keen on paying the others. I am an advocate and could take the case to its logical conclusion, but what about the ordinary citizen?\" Clearly, MTNL has not heard the last from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15721343", "title": "Brahmos missiles to get airlift, to be mounted on Sukhoi-30MKI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is set to approve an over Rs 6,500 crore programme to mount supersonic cruise missile Brahmos on Sukhoi-30MKI fighters of the Indian Air Force (IAF). The air-launched missile system would significantly add to the conventional offensive capabilities of Indian military might, while intensifying arms race in the region.The project seeks to mount the missile on 42 Sukhoi fighters, and includes 216 air-version missiles.Sources said the cabinet committee on security (CCS) would soon be considering for approval the project to mount air version of Brahmos, a supersonic cruise missile jointly developed by India and Russia, on IAF's most advanced fighter.The proposal is being moved in the wake of feasibility studies proving that the air-launched version of the cruise missile can successfully be mounted on the Russian made fighter, and can be fired to lethal effect. The government proposes to develop two prototypes of Sukhoi-30MKI fighters fitted with the missile for field trials in the project's first phase.Once the two prototypes complete a series of field trials, another 40 of the Sukhoi-30MKI fighters would be fitted with the missile in India, a senior official said.Some modifications to the fuselage of the fighter are required to accommodate the nine-meter-long missile, sources said. Brahmos Aerospace is believed to have developed an air version of the missile, which is lighter than the other variants and has additional rear fins for aerodynamic stability.Sources said the entire project would be executed in India by Brahmos Aerospace and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), with Russia providing design and technical consultancy. Brahmos Aerospace is a joint venture between India's DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organisation) and Russia's NPO Mashinostroyenia.The two-stage missile, with a solid propellant booster engine in the first phase and a liquid ramjet in the second stage, is among the world's fastest missiles, and its developers claim it to be the only supersonic cruise missile in the world. With a deadly accuracy and no effective counter to it, Brahmos is a potent force for Indian armed forces.Brahmos already has land and naval versions, which are successfully commissioned by the Army and the Navy. A submarine version of the missile is under development. Brahmos Aerospace CEO A Sivathanu Pillai has spoken about the efforts to develop a hypersonic version of the missile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15724856", "title": "Rail tracks hurdle to blanket ban on manual scavenging", "text": "NEW DELHI: The proposed blanket ban on manual scavenging, backed by strong penal provision for violations, leaves a big question mark on the country's biggest open toilet - railway tracks.The task of coping with a ban on manual cleaning of 1.15 lakh km of rail tracks criss-crossing the country raised concerns in the railway ministry which sought an exemption from the proposed law. The social justice ministry, however, said the activity of manual scavenging had to be barred, be it private households or railway tracks.Union Cabinet on Thursday passed the bill that seeks to penalize manual scavenging and unsafe cleaning of sewers and septic tanks. The census figures show 26 lakh insanitary latrines while rail tracks compound the problem manifold.The proposed law would give nine months to make the transition from the present system of dry latrines and manual cleaning to sanitary disposal of human waste. The law is at least a year away as it is to be vetted by a parliamentary committee before being passed, but the idea of no-manual-scavenging raises hackles in a country where the dehumanizing practice continues despite being banned by an existing 1993 law.The poor defecating along railway tracks, in the absence of sanitary toilets, is a ubiquitous site, particularly in cities where slums dot suburban and inter-state lines. The indifference to combat manual scavenging and the slow advance of technology has meant tracks are cleaned by people engaged for the purpose.The new law sounds like an ultimatum: end manual scavenging or face penal provisions. \"Unless the authorities are told there is no option, the practice would continue. If we say it cannot be done, the authorities have to find out how to ensure compliance of the law,\" a Cabinet minister argued defending the transition from the \"gradual\" approach of the past to a radical zero tolerance.But a strong \"stakeholder\" like railways believes the law may not be practical given the humungous task at hand.Ahead of the bill being cleared by the Cabinet, railways sought exemption for railway tracks, arguing this came under \"safety and maintenance\" functions. The challenge of enforcing no-manual scavenging obviously weighed heavily on the ministry.However, ministry of social justice headed by Mukul Wasnik rejected the railways' plea on the ground that making such exception would take the sting out of the law as defecation along rail tracks is the biggest trigger for manual scavenging. \"For example, if 10,000 manual scavengers are allowed for rail tracks, then the law kicks in as a non-starter,\" argued an official.Enforcement of the law poses a challenge for railways, attaching urgency to modernization to eliminate the use of human labor in removing night soil. The railways has begun installing 'green toilets' which help eliminate human waste through bacterial action, though complete coverage is many years away.Sanitation and drinking water minister Jairam Ramesh, too, has pledged funds to help creation of new regime, both in railways and in villages, to eliminate the need for manual cleaning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716852", "title": "30 from Pune clear Institute of Cost and Works Accountant of India final exam", "text": "PUNE: A total of 743 students, including 30 from the city, have cleared the Institute of Cost and Works Accountant of India (ICWAI) final exam which was held in June. Another 3,420 students cleared the intermediate exam and are now eligible to appear in the next ICWAI final exam.The results were recently by the Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI), which regulates the profession of cost accountants in the country. Every year it offers cost accountancy courses and conducts exams at three levels viz. foundation, intermediate and final.Cost account professionals are required by industries and the economic sector for a range of activities, including management of scarce resources like funds, land and apply strategic decisions.Amit Apte, ICAI's central council member from the western region, told TOI on Saturday, \"Over 12,000 students from across the country had appeared for the ICWAI final exam and another 60,000 students had appeared for the intermediate exam.\"Senior ICAI member Deepak Marne said, \"Of the 12,000-odd candidates in the final exam, 3,760 students were from the western region that comprises Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Chattisgarh and Goa, and 195 of these have been declared successful.\"\"648 students appeared for the final examination from Pune, but only 30 students cleared it,\" said Marne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "15725720", "title": "BJP's MLC denied bail", "text": "KATIHAR: The much sought-after reprieve finally eluded the BJP MLC, Ashok Kumar Agrawal, when the court of district and sessions judge (DJ), Katihar, B N Pandey, rejected his bail petition on Saturday. Agrawal is the main accused in the murder of his employee, Dhiraj Mahto, and is in jail since July 22.A Patna-based lawyer, N K Agrawal, headed the panel of lawyers who made a strong pitch for the grant of a regular bail to Ashok Kumar Agrawal. Arguing on behalf of the MLC, lawyer Agrawal maintained that Dhiraj Mahto was killed when the bodyguard's carbine went off \"accidentally\". Besides, it was the MLC who first informed the police.The BJP MLC allegedly shot his own employee, Dhiraj Mahto, inside the guardroom at his petrol pump-cum-residence in Mirchabari in Katihar town on July 17. He was arrested on the night of July 22 after the forensic science laboratory (FSL) report trashed the theory of the carbine going off \"accidentally\". The high profile but controversial BJP MLC had taken the plea that Dhiraj Mahto was killed when his bodyguard, Awadh Kishore Yadav's carbine went off while he was cleaning it in the guardroom.Purnia based lawyer J N Ambastha argued strongly against granting of bail to the BJP MLC and wondered why his bodyguard Awadh Kishore Yadav was not arrested at that point of time. Yadav, who was dodging the police ever since the murder incident, was arrested on August 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15718716", "title": "Chargesheet names Daksh as witness in BMW hit-and-run case", "text": "GURGAON: Daksh Jaiswal has been named as a witness of the BMW hit-and-run accident in the chargesheet filed by Gurgaon police recently, a source told TOI. Daksh was present in the BMW car at the time of the accident that took place on May 5 and killed pregnant Kshama Chopra Shetye and driver Sanjay Gulati.The source said that 25 people, including Daksh, have been made witnesses along with Jaiswal in the chargesheet filed in a city court in the case.The delayed chargesheet named Suraj Sherawat as the main accused in the case. However, the forensic report in the case is still awaited by police.The list of witnesses in the chargesheet includes a host of police officers and an official in the Delhi college of the main accused, who had given a statement to police on the examination cards of Suraj and Daksh.Apart from two persons being killed in the accident, three others - Kshama's parents Rajendra Chopra (68), Veena Chopra (65) and husband Shailesh Shetye (32) - were seriously injured. Shailesh has said that he will go to any lengths to bring justice to his wife. He was reportedly called by senior police officers who told him that the chargesheet has been filed.The next date of hearing in the case is November 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15715475", "title": "Tanker runs into house, driver killed", "text": "BICHOLIM: A water tanker rammed in to a house at Deulwada in Surla in the wee hours of Saturday killing the driver on the spot, said Bicholim police. The accident occurred at around 1.30 pm as Shrikant S Usgaonkar, 54, from Deulwada lost control of the vehicle and crashed it into a house by the road.There was nobody in the house, which averted further casualties. The police conducted panchanama and sent the body for post mortem at Bambolim GMC and hospital, which was later handed over to his relatives.Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar is investigating the case under DySP Gajanan Prabhudesai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15715546", "title": "Action against schools with inflated student numbers", "text": "PUNE: State education minister Rajendra Darda on Thursday said the school education department will conduct individual inquiries against schools found guilty of showing inflated student attendance during the state-wide scrutiny of attendance undertaken by the government in October last year. As per the July 9 Bombay high court directive to the state education department, individual inquiry will also cover schools that showed 50% or less attendance during the drive.Considering the seriousness of irregularities conducted by schools, individual cases will be filed against them, Darda said.The state women's welfare department filed a public interest litigation (PIL) against the state education department in the HC, saying it was unfair to conclude after a day's scrutiny that the schools were bogus. There are several schools that have children of brick kiln workers and construction workers and they are not regulars.Darda told TOI, \"Punishment will be decided based on the individual inquiry reports. Penalty could include withdrawal of affiliation, filing of criminal case against the school, etc. We will soon begin the inquiries.\"Collectors across the state did the scrutiny of rolls in their respective districts in October. The drive found 18 lakh students absent in schools. Besides, 2,659 schools showed less than 50% attendance.Darda said Sindhudurg, Ratnagiri, Satara, Kolhapur and Ahmednagar districts have recorded highest student presence while Nanded, Dhule, Parbhani, Yavatmal and Solapur recorded lowest student presence. \"Officials from our department analyzed the reports from each district and a consolidated report was sent to the then chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad,\" Darda said. \"There were schools that recorded surplus teachers and we are considering how to utilize them.\"In Pune district, over 1.26 lakh students were found absent in schools during the three-day inspection drive. The inspection was conducted in 6,615 schools. The absentees were 7.83% of the total enrollment. In cities, the number was around 15%.\"The number of absentees in zilla parishad schools (most such schools are in rural areas) was around 5%. The figure for schools in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad was around 15%, for 'ashramshalas' around 10% and for private unaided and aided schools around 7%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717909", "title": "Administration to replace Lord Mahavira's statue", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district authorities will install a new statue of Lord Mahavira at Mahavira Park. According to district magistrate Anurag Yadav the idol, that will cost Rs 21 lakh, will be installed within a week. The idol was damaged by a mob after Alvida namaz last week on Friday, much to the embarrassment of the state government. The decision to install new idol of Mahavira was taken after a delegation from 'Indian Jain Prabodhini' met the DM and raised the demand to install a new idol. Yadav said that the state government has already directed the culture department to install a new idol.Meanwhile, the cash counters at Lucknow Municipal Corporation will remain open on Sunday between 10am and 3pm to allow people to depositthe house tax. This will be the last Sunday before August 31 when the scheme to deposit house tax with 10% rebate will come to a close.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15722088", "title": "Three held for lynching 'burglar'", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man, suspected of planning a burglary, was lynched by a group of locals in Kandivli (W) on Saturday. The police registered a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under section 304 of the IPC against members of the mob. Three men have been detained so far.The incident took place around 3am on Saturday at Ekta Nagar. \"The deceased, Mahendra Meena, 25, was roaming around at Ekta Nagar alone. Two locals, Sandesh Patil (30) and Rahul Pal (20) stopped him on suspicion and enquired what he was doing outside so late. Mahendra wasn't able to give a satisfactory reply. Patil and Pal then frisked him and found a rod used for breaking open shutters. Convinced that he was planning a burglary, Patil and Pal stripped Mahendra and punched him. But he somehow managed to escape from their grip and flee,\" said ACP Jaywant Hargude.The duo chased Mahendra and nabbed him again. After kicking and raining blows on him, they handed Mahendra to Sharif Inamdar, who runs a parking lot at Ekta Nagar. \"Inamdar's vehicle batteries had been stolen a few days ago. The duo told Inamdar that Mahendra could be the one responsible for the theft. Inamdar thrashed Mahendra with a wooden stick. After Mahendra sustained severe injuries, Inamdar's father informed the police,\" said senior inspector Hareshwar Pimple. Mahendra was taken to Bhagwati Hospital in a police van. After doctors declared him dead, his body was sent for an autopsy. The exact cause of death will be revealed in the post-mortem report.\"Patil, Pal and Inamdar have been detained. They have claimed the victim was drunk. But this can be verified only after the autopsy report is out,\" Hargude said. \"Mahendra's name was found tattooed on his hand. Before his death, he told the police that he was a resident of Malwani.\" His photographs are being circulated amongst Malwani residents to get more details about him.\"Both Patil and Pal have a past crime record. Pal is an auto driver. Patil had been externed from city limits, officials said. Police have recorded the statements of two witnesses.Meanwhile, Ekta Nagar residents protested at the Kandivli police station alleging the police hadn't detained the real culprits. The police have so far recorded the statements of two eyewitnesses, Chhotelal Yadav and Amrutlal Gupta. Yadav told TOI he had stepped out for drinking tea when he saw Mahendra being thrashed by a group of men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15720716", "title": "Online betting racket busted, 13 held", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police busted an online betting racket that used to facilitate gambling on race horses held in Bangalore. As many as 13 people were arrested and Rs 10,630 was seized from them.Police said the race was telecasted live in the premises through internet and the participants were betting money on individual horses. Daily wage labourers, who were working in the various shops on the commercial area of Raja Street, participated in the betting. They had bet Rs 100 on horses. Some times, the workers had bet Rs 1,000 on some horses.A front portion of the building was occupied by a courier office and the other room was used for gambling. On Friday, a police team rounded up the premises and arrested 13 people - Saravanakumar (39), Ravi (47), Srinivasan (39), Hameed (70), Selvaraj (55), Umanath (45), Velan (65), Mohammed (56), Raja (65), Raj (72), Moorthy (60), Prakash (43), all hailing from the city and Pandian (23) of Madurai.The gang organised the gambling in the office based on various races held in various parts of the country, said K Manickavasagam, sub-inspector, Ukkadam police station.Police said several racing clubs have been telecasting the results instantly in their websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15727493", "title": "Kerala 'gets' four dams back from TNMullaperiyar as TN Territory: Centre Amends Dam Register", "text": "KOCHI: Finally, the Union government has amended the central register of dams that placed Mullaperiyar dam within the territorial limits of Tamil Nadu. Ex-MP PC Thomas had found that Mullaperiyar and three other major dams of Kerala were marked under the control of Tamil Nadu in the National Register of Large Dams.Thomas had sought the intervention of the Kerala high court on February 7, challenging the information contained in the register maintained by Central Water Commission. He had pointed out that Periyar (Mullaperiyar), Parambikulam, Thoonakadavu and Peruvaripallam dams were marked incorrectly in the National Register of Large Dams published by Central Water Commission in January 2009.Admitting Thomas's petition, a division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and Justice A M Shaffique had asked the central government to respond to the petition. The state government set the wheels in motion, which resulted in an amendment to the effect that Tamil Nadu only maintains the dams. \"The central government has informed me that the mistake has been corrected,\" Thomas told TOI.Responding to Thomas's petition, assistant solicitor general P Parameswaran Nair had submitted to the high court on August 9 that the register was prepared on the basis of the information given by respective state governments. The register specifically stated that Mullaperiyar dam is located in Kerala, but controlled by Tamil Nadu.Though there are other dams controlled by Tamil Nadu, specific mention of Mullaperiyar alone shows the malicious intent and connivance of the central government, Thomas had alleged. \"The intention and origin of this mistake is unknown. The callous way in which such mistakes happen may end up in unnecessary dispute,\" the petition said.Though the former MP had approached the central government in November last year with a formal complaint, no action was taken.KOCHI: Finally, the central government has come forward to amend the central register of dams that showed Mullaperiyar dam to be within the territorial limits of Tamil Nadu.It was former member of Parliament PC Thomas who highlighted the issue of Mullaperiyar and three other major dams of Kerala being shown as territory of Tamil Nadu in the National Register of Large Dams.PC Thomas had sought the intervention of the Kerala High Court on February 7, challenging the information contained in the register maintained by Central Water Commission.He had pointed out that Periyar (Mullaperiyar), Parambikulam, Thoonakadavu, and Peruvaripallam dams are being shown as dams within the territory of Tamil Nadu in the National Register of Large Dams published by Central Water Commission in January 2009.Admitting PC Thomas' petition, a division bench comprising of acting Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice AM Shaffique had asked the central government to respond to the matter.With the court ordering for sending notice to the centre, state government set the wheels in motion, which is believed to have resulted in amendment of the register. \"Central government has informed me that the register has been amended to correct the mistake,\" PC Thomas told TOI.Responding to Thomas' petition, assistant solicitor general P Parameswaran Nair had submitted to the high court on August 9 that the register was prepared on the basis of information provided by respective state governments.The register specifically stated that Mullaperiyar dam is located in Kerala but controlled by Tamil Nadu. Though there are other dams controlled by Tamil Nadu, specific mention of Mullaperiyar alone shows the malicious intention and connivance of the central government, PC Thomas had alleged.\"The intention and the origin of how this gross illegality has come is not known, but suspicious. The callous way in which such illegalities are formulated may end up in unnecessary dispute and far reaching consequences,\" the petition said.Though the former MP had approached the central government in November last year with a formal complaint, no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15729364", "title": "Bollywood fumes over 'A' films rule for TV", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) decision to not recertify A-rated films to U certification for TV broadcast has not gone down well with the film industry. A meeting has been called on Tuesday by film producers' association to discuss the issue.Sources said a month ago, the CBFC had communicated to the I&B; ministry that A-rated films be pushed to the 11pm slot and decision on it is likely to come soon.Vice-president of Film and TV Producers' Guild Mukesh Bhatt said, \"The decision to not certify adult films for television will result in a bloodbath. So many films are under production andThe economics of a film will go for a toss as nowadays, satellite revenues are vital in recovering film costs.\"The film industry has had several meetings with the ministry and CBFC over the modified guidelines for films on television but there has been no result.Stunned by the confrontational stand taken by CBFC, Bhatt said, \"They have left us with no choice but to go to court. We are ready to talk to them and partner with them to find a solution. If they had to take a stand,Why couldn't they give time to prepare ourselves.\"Industry experts say pushing UA-rated films to the adult slot will hit revenue earnings. The Dirty Picture and Jannat 2 were sold to broadcasters for around Rs 10-12 crore each. A producer said, \"If broadcasters stop getting returns, they won't pay big money to producers.\"Film industry believes in self censorship and knows its responsibility.Filmmaker Pooja Bhatt said, \"I am fine with an 11pm slot for a film like Jism2. However, I find the CBFC's decision rather myopic.\"Anurag Kashyap too is fine with late-night telecast of Gangs of Wasseypur. But the film's co-producer, Vikram Malhotra of Viacom 18, said it has to be from case to case. \"Producers and the regulatory body need to view this matter in an urgent and progressive manner. Each film is unique in the matter of its content and therefore must be viewed for re-certification and broadcast in an independent manner. Broadcast and subsequent viewer discretion must be advised and mandated accordingly. A handful of films and a stray occasion should not form the backdrop for such an important ruling. I am certain the censor board will not do anything to adversely impact the industry's potential at any point,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15715972", "title": "Woman robbed in residence at Mundhwa", "text": "PUNE: An unidentified man robbed a woman of her ornaments and mobile phone in her house in Mundhwa on Friday afternoon.Around 2.30 pm, the man knocked at the door of Nikita Kalbhor, who lives near Wada Lonkar school at Mundhwa. When Nikita opened the door, he asked her if she wants to give her house on rent. Nikita said that her family members were not at home and told him to leave. On finding the woman alone, he walked into her house, picked up a screw driver and hit her on the head with the handle. As Nikita was fainting, he snatched her mangalsutra, other ornaments and a cell phone. As he was about to decamp, Nikita regained consciousness and raised an alarm. The suspect turned back and shut her mouth with an adhesive tape and tied her hands with a nylon rope to prevent her from alerting neighbours and her father-in-law who was sleeping inside. Her husband had gone out for work.Senior inspector Vishwanath Ghanwat, incharge of Mundhwa police station, said, \"The suspect is about 30 years old. A sketch will be prepared on the basis of the description give by Nikita Kalbhor. We are trying to find out if anybody had seen the man running out of the victim's house, which is located by the road side.\"Nikita told the police that valuables worth about Rs 13,650 are missing. A case of robbery has been registered under section 394 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15712475", "title": "Two rob diamond trader's elderly wife of Rs 14L jewellery at home", "text": "MUMBAI: Two unidentified youngsters barged into a south Mumbai flat of a diamond trader and at knife-point, robbed his 68-year-old wife of diamond-studded gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 14 lakh on Friday afternoon.The incident occurred around 1.45pm when Malvika Zaveri had just returned to their second-floor flat in Jehangir Mansion on Hughes Road after throwing the garbage, said the Gamdevi police. With her husband Ramesh out on work, she was alone at home. In her complaint, Malvika said, \"The two men followed me to the second floor and pushed me in when I opened the door of my flat. One of them tied my hands and legs with a dupatta. Brandishing a knife at me, he threatened me with dire consequences if I dared to scream. Meanwhile, the other took out the valuables from the locker inside the cupboard.\" The accused reportedly managed to flee with the valuables in a matter of less than 15 minutes. \"One of the men tied the victim's hand and also taped her mouth with a small piece of cloth. They threatened her with dire consequences if she dares to scream,\" said the police.The accused entered the victim's -- Malvika Zaveri -- second floor flat when she returned home after throwing the garbage, said the Gamdevi police.Around 2pm, Malvika managed to free herself and ran downstairs, screaming for help. She also called the police. The police suspect that the accused had studied the victim's daily schedule before committing the robbery. \"They did not wear any mask. It seems the two were aware that the woman stayed alone at home in the afternoon. They did not harm the elderly woman,\" said assistant commissioner of police Ashok Ingole. Gamdevi senior inspector Pradip Lonandkar said they were preparing sketches of the accused based on the description provided by the victim. \"We are going through the footage of the closed-circuit television cameras installed in the neighbourhood,\" It will help us in identifying the two persons who entered the building and fled away after committing the offence,\"said Lonandkar.Though the incident occurred during the day, none of the neighbours knew about it till the police started their inquires. \"The victim and her husband stay alone in the flat, while their children are settled abroad. The couple stays on the second floor of the three-storey building. The third floor is occupied by a corporate house and the staff there was completely unaware of what was happening downstairs. No security guard is employed in the building,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15725045", "title": "Anu Puri has an eye for pretty details", "text": "LUDHIANA: Impressed by the elegance and beauty of women and nature, Anu Puri loves to capture these on canvas. The 49-year-old says each of life's journey has given her something to cherish. Celebrating these very images is an exhibition that Anu has put up in a club on Mall Road.Wife of businessman Sanjeev Puri and mother of two, Anu started painting when she was pursuing the BA course from Khalsa College for Women in Civil Lines. \"At that time, I loved painting for my friends and family. Later, I had to quit painting as I got married and had kids. In 1997, after a gap of 12 years, I picked up the brush again. Since then, I have made more than 50 oil paintings.\"People and nature are a source of inspiration for this artist. She says, \"My work revolves around figure painting of women, men and children. I also like to paint nature, mostly flowers. The reason I am so captivated by them is that they are really pretty and teach us something about life.\"Anu says out of the 40 paintings displayed in the exhibition, 30 are figure works and 10 are nature pieces. \"Though I love all my work, my favourite figure paintings displayed in the exhibition are 'Passion', 'Lady Bird' and 'Dancing Diva'. The nature paintings close to my heart are 'Lotus in a Pond' and 'Onset of Spring',\" she says.Ruby Marjara, a homemaker of Sarabha Nagar, couldn't help but remark while admiring Anu's exhibition:, \"She paints very well and her choice of subject and colours is also excellent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15716906", "title": "Sonia is 'authoritarian': BJP spokesman", "text": "PUNE: BJP spokesperson Tarun Vijay on Saturday flayed Congress president Sonia Gandhi for her \"authoritarian\" style of functioning and said Gandhi should initiate steps to protect those suffering in Assam instead of getting aggressive with the opposition.Speaking to reporters at the BJP headquarters here, Vijay said, \"UPA is neck deep in corruption. But the UPA president is asking her MPs to be aggressive with the opposition, which is raising valid issues on the floor of Parliament. The UPA and its leaders should pay attention to the problems of Bodos and other local people in Assam\".After meeting with a group of party MPs on Thursday, the Congress president agreed on the view that the party should not be defensive about the BJP's demand for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation over the CAG report on coal allocation.Vijay said the BJP has already taken up the problems of Bodos in Assam with the human rights commission.\"The Centre and the Assam government are not acting against Bangladeshi infiltrators, instead they are adding to the woes of local people. Many Bodos have now migrated to forest areas,\" Vijay said. He said the BJP believes that the violence in Assam was not a communal quandary, but a conflict between the people of Indian origin and the foreigners in the country. tnn\"The Congress-led UPA government has failed to take measures to check the influx from Bangladesh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15710168", "title": "Okay if villages suffer garbage: Mayor", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's first citizen thinks it's OK to dump garbage in villages as long as it does not inconvenience urbanites.On the sidelines of a Janaspandana programme in Jayanagar, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said all the garbage in Bangalore would be lifted within the next two days and sent to the Mandur and Terra Firma landfills.When STOI asked him about protests by villagers and the health hazard, he said the BBMP is trying to solve the villagers' problems. \"They're asking for jobs, specially families whose relatives have died after falling ill due to garbage dumping. We have to figure out the genuine cases. It's not fair to ask for government jobs, because there may have been natural deaths too.\"The BBMP has zeroed in on alternative landfill sites at Chintamani, Bettadasanpura and Devanahalli, where land owners have come forward to offer their plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15752817", "title": "Hazare comes out with new blog handle", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day his associates staged a protest here against Congress and BJP , Anna Hazare came out with a new blog handle which is other than the one on the official website of India Against Corruption.This is the third blog handle of Hazare in the past over an year with the first one, operated by journalist Raju Parulekar, being closed following a bitter feud between both of them.The new handle -- annahazarethinks.blogspot.in -- and the first post on Jan Lokpal was publicised on twitter by Hazare's close aide Suresh Pathare.After falling out with Parulekar in November last year, Hazare's blog -- annahazaresays -- was managed by India Against Corruption , the erstwhile Team Anna, in its official website.The first post in the new blog talked about his pet theme Jan Lokpal Bill and how the government \"cheated\" the country on the issue.His last blog appeared in the IAC website only six days ago in which he alleged that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was \"misleading\" the country on the Lokpal Bill issue.Asked about the need for a new blog, Pathare told PTI through a text message, \"Yes it's a new blog. Whenever he is in Ralegan Siddhi, it's easy to update it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15712488", "title": "Circle inspectors get postings", "text": "GUNTUR: Guntur range inspector general (IG) Harish Kumar Gupta finally undertook the much-delayed shuffle of inspectors, who were kept under vacancy reserve (VR) without any reason. However, some long-standing inspectors in Guntur city, who have political backing, were left untouched.At least 15 inspectors in Guntur, 15 in Nellore district and another 12 inspectors in Prakasam district were shifted and given new postings. Sources said the IG held discussions with SPs of the respective districts in the last three-four days and finalised the transfer list. T Muralikrishna, kept in VR, was posted to the district crime records bureau (DCRB) and Srinivasa Reddy was shifted from special branch (SB) to SB-II circle.Ashok Vardhan of Ongole was posted in SB-I from VR and Tirumala Rao was posted in SB-II from VR. G Ravikumar was posted at CCS from VR and UV Ramesh Kumar was placed in CCS from the post of DCRB. Another inspector Y Ramarao was given a posting in the police training college, Ongole, from VR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15714983", "title": "Drive against history-sheeters", "text": "NASHIK: Considering rampant house break-ins within the limits of Upnagar police station, local police have undertaken a special drive against history-sheeters involved in similar crimes over the past five years.Senior police inspector of the Upnagar Police Station, Babasaheb Budhwant said that over the past couple of weeks nearly 25 criminals, involved in incidents of house break-ins during the past five years, had been checked.\"We are not only checking these criminals but also their associates and those who bailed them out in their offences. As of now, the strategy has been working well and there is also a drop in break-ins,\" he said.In the recent past, there have been a large number of house break-ins in the area within the jurisdiction of Upnagar police.Police personnel at the Upnagar police station said that the area under their jurisdiction included densely populated areas along with scattered households, that made them vulnerable to break-ins. A police official, who did not want to be named, said that at any given time, there are not more than 25 to 28 policemen on the field.The Upnagar police has 88 employees and 13 police officials and considering their weekly leaves, other official work and the division in the day and night shifts, there is a manpower crunch.The footpath towards its side of the Jail Road and the road towards Devlali Camp comes under the jurisdiction of Upnagar police station with the Janardhan Nagar towards the Jail Road side and Six Number Naka towards the Devlali Camp road.While the Upnagar police station has a larger population to handle, the available manpower with it is much less, officials point out.However, Budhwant said that for him, manpower was not an issue and his strategy has been to check everyone involved in break-ins during the past five years. The check on such criminals and their associates has helped in bringing down the incidents of break-ins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15749515", "title": "There is no skin show in Chakravyuh: Esha Gupta", "text": "Esha Gupta, who grabbed eyeballs for her cleavage show in Jannat 2 claims that she doesn't mind skin show, but only if the character demands.Esha believes that she was lucky to get three different roles in a year and about the same, she said, \"I am lucky that I made my debut in Jannat 2 . Later, I was offered Raaz 3 which is a horror flick. Chakravyuh is surely a different experience and there is no skin show in the film.\"Esha is excited about her de-glam look in Chakravyuh . \"In the film I am playing a police officer. There is no skin show in Chakravyuh . There is rarely any make-up done to me. In fact, throughout the film I have tied my hair. I am sure people will be happy to see me doing such an intense role,\" concluded the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15731211", "title": "This 300-year-old veena still makes magical music", "text": "MYSORE: This veena, besides being one of Mysore's prized possessions, is nearly three centuries old. What's more, it is still making music.The seven-string instrument has so far passed through six generations, starting mid-17th century. It was once used by music maestro Veene Shamanna, who was the court musician at Mysore and Tanjavur. Now, the veena is in the possession of V Balasubramanyam, the great-grandson of Shamanna, and an industrialist.Balasubramanyam has been religiously taking care of the prized possession of his family. According to him, the veena is made of jackwood and weighs 5kg. There are fine carvings on the instrument with nearly 2kg of ivory.Balasubramanyam says he applies coconut oil once in three months and gives the instrument a wood polish once in a decade. The Veene is being used by his family members, especially his daughters and granddaughters. \"The tones of this veena are unique and no other stringed instrument can match it,\" claims the industrialist.Balasubramanyam said the instrument is believed to have been used since the period of Shamanna's greatgrandfather Veene Venkatasubramanya Bhagavathar, who was a court musician at Tanjavur. They are basically from Kalipatti of Salem district in Tamil Nadu from where they moved to Tanjavur. His forefathers Venkatasubramany's son Bhagavathar and grandson Veene Rama Bhagavathar were court musicians there. When Tanjavur was struck by a severe famine during mid-18th century, Rama Bhagavathar moved to the old Mysore region and settled down at Chikkade in Mandya district. Their forefathers got an opportunity to become court musicians in Mysore too during the rule of the erstwhile maharajas.Balasubramanyam said that Rama Bhagavathar, his son Veene Shamanna, grandson Veene Subramanya Iyer and great-grandson Veene Venkatasubbaiah were all court musicians in Mysore. \"Unfortunately, I didn't step into the shoes of my forefathers, in spite of having interest in it. I pursued a career in business. But, still, I have great respect for the veena that has passed through several generations,\" he said.Veene Shamanna used to play the instrument holding it vertically. Today, the musicians play the instrument keeping it horizontally. \"My grandfather's name is engraved on an ivory piece fixed to the veenq,\" says Balasubramanyam.The industrialist is planning to make the veena available for public display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720519", "title": "Metro rail tunnel takes shape under Poonamallee High Road", "text": "CHENNAI: A tunnel is taking shape 18 metres below Poonamallee High Road even as traffic buzzes by above. The giant machine, which began boring under Nehru Park on July 28, has dug a 13-metre tunnel towards Egmore.It has also installed concrete linings on the bored portion. Tunnelling is being done from Nehru Park towards Egmore, a 939-metre stretch on the Central-Koyambedu-St Thomas Mount line that metro plans to cover in five months. The Central-Koyambedu line will run under ground.\"The soil is rocky, so we have programmed the machine accordingly. The machine bores and installs tunnel walls made up of seven segments of concrete. Boring and tunnel lining is automatic,\" said a metro rail official.A tunnel-boring machine is like a train comprising units to install tunnel linings and gantries that carry other equipment. It also has a provision to transport the loose soil after boring.The direction and alignment of boring is guided by an automatic alignment and monitoring control system developed with Japanese technology. Metro rail officials are also monitoring the safety of buildings on either side of the main road.Another tunnel boring machine is ready to start work on a tunnel parallel to the one from Nehru Park to Egmore. \"It is yet to start work,\" the official added. Eleven tunnel boring machines will be used.Tunnel boring machines have been lowered and assembled at May Day Park and Shenoy Nagar too. \"Some minor works need to be completed before tunnelling begins,\" said an official.Works on constructing shafts to lower boring machines are on at different parts of the city.Diaphragm walls to build underground stations are complete at Washermenpet, May Day Park and Shenoy Nagar, and excavation of soil will begin soon. The walls will prevent earth from collapsing when soil is scooped out to build underground stations at a depth of 20 metres.Walls are being built below the surface at all other underground station sites, including Mannadi, high court, Chennai Central, Egmore, Government Estate, LIC, Thousand Lights, Gemini, Teynampet, Chamiers Road, KMC, Pachaiyappa's College, Anna Nagar East, Anna Nagar Tower and Thirumangalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720172", "title": "21 Sri Lankan Tamils planning to leave for Australia held", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu 'Q' branch sleuths arrested 21 Sri Lankan Tamils near Mamallapuram on Friday evening. Police suspect they were preparing to leave for Christmas Island, an Australian territory in the Indian Ocean.The 'Q' branch sleuths became suspicious after they found that five to 10 Sri Lankan Tamils, who had left a refugee camp at Gummidipoondi, began to disappear on a daily basis. A few days ago, police arrested a five-member gang involved in human trafficking and launched a hunt for two others who often lure Sri Lankan refugees with promises to take them places like Christmas Island.The men arrested turned out to be refugees from camps across the state. They planned to ferry the refugees to Christmas Island from the eastern coastal region of Tamil Nadu. Police said the traffickers had planned to take 23 Sri Lankan refugees from the eastern coastal area of Tamil Nadu through illegal ferry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15718584", "title": "Preparations begin for Ganga Mahotsava", "text": "VARANASI: The local administration had geared up to make preparations for Ganga Mahotsava, one of the most awaited festivals celebrated from Prabodhini Ekadasi to Kartik Purnima of Indian lunar calendar every year. This year, the festival will be celebrated from November 24 to 28 on the bank of the holy Ganga to showcase and promote cultural tourism.The five-day festival aims at bringing together India's finest craft and culture, featuring a wide range of art, craft, culture and cuisine. It concludes with the celebration of Dev Deepawali, when the entire stretch of majestic riverfront is illuminated with millions of earthen lamps.Divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari held the first meeting for the preparations of Ganga Mahotsava and Gandhi Shilp Mela on Friday. A committee headed by renowned vocalist Chhannulal Mishra was constituted for the selection of artistes, who will perform during the festival. Another committee, headed by Devendra Narayan Singh, president of Hotel Association, was also formed to look after the preparations for the traditional sporting events like wrestling, gahrebazi (tonga race), boat race and kite flying on the occasion. The district inspector of schools was asked to hold cultural programmes involving students at the Cultural Complex from November 21 to 23. The first three best performers would be given opportunity to perform during the cultural programmes at Ganga Mahotsava which will be held at Rajendra Prasad Ghat. Organisations like Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) and North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC), Allahabad will make contributions to make the event successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15726460", "title": "Jairam Ramesh roots for transparency in welfare schemes", "text": "SASARAM: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday asked the state machinery to ensure transparency in the implementation of Centre's welfare schemes like MGNREGS and Indira Awas Yojana (IAY), if it wants to check the return of Maoists to the now liberated Rohtas district.Addressing a public meeting at the Project Girls Higher Secondary School, Uchaila, under the once Maoist- affected Rohtas block in the same district, about 50 km from the district headquarters Sasaram, Ramesh said, \"Rohtas district had now been liberated from the Maoist menace due to active support of local people as well as proper co-ordination between the central para-military forces and state police. If we implement pro-poor schemes like MGNREGS and IAY in an honest and transparent manner, Maoists will be unable to return to Rohtas district.\" He said earlier Maoists used to claim Rohtas as their liberated zone, but now security forces have liberated it from them.Ramesh said that the next four to five years are very crucial as all out efforts will be made to root out Maoists from affected districts by ensuring basic facilities like drinking water, electricity, education, road and healthcare to unprivileged classes in an honest manner. \"If Bihar fails to do so and scam after scam occur in welfare schemes like MGNREGS, the Maoists would definitely return to the liberated zones,\" he said.He, however, hastily clarified that corruption in MGNREGS and IAY was not confined to Bihar only. Corruption was also being reported from most northern and eastern states.\"Bihar CM Nitish Kumar once told me that mukhiyas in Bihar are purchasing expensive vehicles like Boleros and Pajeros from fund allocated for MGNREGS. He also told me that most of the mukhiyas, who had purchased expensive cars, lost the next panchayat elections.\"The Union minister also said that Rohtas was showing a new way to the country. Rohtas is the first place in Bihar where the idea of democracy registered a victory over the ideology of violence. Before his public meeting, Ramesh visited several villages in the bed of Kaimur hills to inspect the ongoing schemes under Integrated Action Plan (IAP) for Maoist-affected areas. He also inaugurated a godown for foodgrains built under the IAP at the cost of Rs 37 lakh at Rohtas block headquarters. During his visit to villages, he inquired from locals especially womenfolk whether they were getting benefits of schemes like IAY and MGNREGS.At Barwadih village under Tilauthu block, he visited houses of some SC families and inquired from womenfolk whether they had job cards for MGNREGS scheme and bank accounts for transfer of money. When one Dewanti Devi at Barwadih replied that she was not included in the self help group (SHG), the minister instantly called the Jeevika state co-ordinator, Arvind Choudhary and hauled him for non-functioning of the SHGs in the area.At Karma village, the Union minister was shocked when the husband of a woman mukhiya spoke to him calling himself a 'mukhiyapati'. But Ramesh did not entertain him and asked him to send the elected mukhiya for presenting the demands of villagers.Later, at the public meeting, Ramesh laughingly said, \"Bihar was the only state in the country where husbands of elected mukhiya and sarpanch were working as de facto elected representatives. In Bihar, MP means mukhiyapati and SP means sarpanchpati.\" Later, while talking to TOI on the issue of Maoist menace, Ramesh said, Bihar was the only state where Maoist problem had direct relation with caste factor, whereas in other states, Naxalism was mostly related to forest issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15712519", "title": "Nagpur police headquarters attains century sans celebrations", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police headquarters at Takli, spread over 210 acres, turned a century old this year without any fanfare to mark the momentous occasion as the department seems least bothered to plan any celebrations.Apart from the year of its establishment embossed below the defunct century old Morez-Jura clock, which now perpetually shows 3.36pm, atop the tower of Quarter guard section, the original architecture of the transformed premises still holds the legacy of the British Raj.Over the years, officials seemed to have giving little importance to the history associated with the place, which is evident from the apathy shown on the achievement of the milestone. A senior official, it is learnt, once tried to extract the exact date of its establishment from the city survey office but red-tapism robbed him of his enthusiasm. That was the first and last attempt to trace the history associated with the headquarters.The headquarters now has an advanced training arena and subsidized canteen on the lines of army. The incumbent Reserve police inspector (RPI) Satish Ringne, who is at the helm of the unit and takes credit for these changes, however, could not tell exactly where the past records of the headquarters could be found.Interestingly, the last British RPI OM Mcnair, even after four decades of his leaving India, wrote a letter in 2001 from England to Bhagwat Sahai Pandey, 84, the then armoury in-charge who retired as assistant sub-inspector, enquiring about the well-being of the constables under him in the early 60s like Nageshwar, Krishnamurari and others. Moreover, after handing over the charge of the headquarters to one RPI Joshi, McNair had returned to meet his staffers around two decades later in 1979. It is learnt that hundreds of police personnel had thronged the police headquarters to meet the former RPI deputed by the British government.Despite having no records with him, Pandey went down memory lane to reflect upon those days in the 40s when the Nagpur police was under the British regime. Pandey had joined the city police in 1943 as 'baccha police' or one of those boy orderlies who worked as peons but were posted as trainee constables. Pandey recalled that he joined on the salary of Rs9 while his father Vaidyanath, a constable, got salary of Rs18.\"We had only three vehicles, of which two were foreign made,\" said Pandey, who was an expert in maintaining the .303 rifles and 410-bore Muscats at the headquarters which were the only arms of the police men then. \"We also had 26 horses who were kept in the stables of Sawar Line, situated inside the premises of the headquarters. There were separate rooms for fodder and saddles. The horses were used for sending documents from one police station to another,\" said Pandey adding that the only police stations which existed then were Kotwali, Sitabuldi, Sadar, Panchpaoli, Mahal, Lakadganj and Tehsil.The octogenarian also claimed that the headquarters then only had the quarter guard and a room for the RPI. \"I can still remember that there were nearly 300 armed personnel for the entire region. They mostly operated on foot. Communication was done through personnel who walked for miles to deliver the documents and by old-styled jumbo phones,\" he said.Pandey also recalls how utmost care was taken in the pre-independence period while transporting confidential and other documents due to threat from the revolutionaries. \"When Lord Mountbatten came to inaugurate the High court on February 6, 1948, we were deployed as guards on bundobust duty,\" he said. \"I hope to see McNair saab's letter once again. We remember doing many tasks under him and he led with examples. When we starved, he too would stay hungry with us,\" said Pandey describing the qualities among the British RPIs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15712637", "title": "Sunil Tatkare goes all out to help Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NAGPUR: State water resources minister Sunil Tatkare arranging a special meeting here on Saturday for the proposed inter-state Jamghat irrigation project between Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh (MP) and BJP national president Nitin Gadkari playing a key role in it has raised many an eyebrow in political circles.BJP is in power in MP and so Gadkari is believed to have pulled some strings to get the project, first proposed way back in 1997 but in limbo for the last 15 years, to get going again. The project envisages building a dam in Chhindwara district of MP on Kanhan river to block 10 trillion cubic feet (TMC) water. Nagpur district will get the entire water and this is where the catch lies. Gadkari is interested in putting the project on fast track as 9 TMC from Jamghat would be provided to Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to meet the future drinking water needs of the city.NMC is controlled by the BJP and Gadkari has also indicated that he would be contesting the next Lok Sabha elections from Nagpur. But what sent the political barometer soaring was the eagerness shown by Tatkare, a NCP leader, who agreed to not only organize the meeting but air-dashed here to attend it.Tatkare has strong reasons to be unhappy with BJP. For the last two months BJP has been targeting him and his son for their alleged involvement in a Rs2,000 crore land scam in which fraudulent real estate companies were floated to siphon off money. On Friday, BJP general secretary Kirit Somaiya had filed a PIL in Bombay High Court against Tatkare in this regard.Adding further fuel to the speculation was the fact that Gadkari and Tatkare travelled to the meeting venue in one car. Gadkari initiated the official meeting and left before the officials and ministers from the two states came down to brasstacks.Irrigation projects in Vidarbha region have been languishing for decades. Gosikhurd is yet to be completed after 25 years of conception. Bawanthadi inter-state project (between MP and Maharashtra) was recently completed after 37 long years. In this backdrop, Tatkare's initiative for Jamghat has surprised many.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15720942", "title": "Ramdev faces I-T poser on aide\u2019s Rs 45 crore wealth", "text": "NEW DELHI: The black money campaign threatens to recoil on yoga exponent Baba Ramdev, who is facing difficulty in responding to an Income Tax query where the department has sought to know how his closest aide Balkrishna managed to acquire Rs 45 crore in personal assets as on April 1, 2008. In fact, Balkrishna's association with Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust as its lifetime general secretary has been only since 2005.Sources in the I-T said that Balkrishna, who joined the Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust in 2005, declared in 2008 that his monthly income varied between Rs I lakh and 5 lakh in the three years.The \"mismatch is a significant part of the detailed assessment of transactions and functioning of the Ramdev's Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust carried out by the I-T recently. The I-T audit report has been sent to Ramdev for his response before tax demands are raised.Ramdev's empire is controlled by his flagship Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust, which is headquartered in Haridwar. Besides Patanjali, there are other trusts and several commercial enterprises associated with the yoga guru. No tax is paid on income from any of these sources.For all practical purposes, Balakrishna was running the show at Patanjali Yogpeeth Trust, which at one point along with its other ayurvedic ventures, had a turnover of more than Rs 1,000 crore. The trusted Ramdev aide had also signed the trust document as Ramdev's nominee.Besides the I-T probe, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) has begun proceedings under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) and the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), where the agency has already issued notices to Ramdev and other members of his trusts for certain foreign transactions.Tax authorities, however, said these are independent assessment and has nothing to do with Ramdev's campaign against black money and the anti-UPA posture he adopted towards the end of his Ramlila Maidan stir a few weeks ago.The Central Board of Direct Taxes, an arm of the revenue department in the finance ministry, may withdraw all tax exemption enjoyed by Ramdev's trusts for the nature of activities carried out by the yoga guru that are allegedly commercial in nature. The gist of the audit findings suggests he is liable for tax like any other business venture since all his ayurvedic ventures were making profit and not furthering any charitable cause for which they were established.Earlier, the ED was looking into Ramdev acquiring an island in Scotland that was \"gifted\" to him by one of his followers, a Poddar couple. When the agency probed the Poddar's association with the yoga guru, it found the couple held shares in Ramdev's Patanjali Ayurved Ltd. The other major stakeholder was Balkrishna, who has already been once arrested by the CBI and is now in ED's custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15733045", "title": "Police detain Arvind Kejriwal, 5 others", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal and five others were detained on Sunday morning from near the residences of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari , as they assembled there for a protest.Mr. Kejriwal and Gopal Rai were picked up from outside the Prime Minister's residence while Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas were detained from outside 10 Janpath, the residence of the Congress chief. Sanjay Singh and another person were detained from outside Nitin Gadkari's residence.The detention came following the gathering of the activists near the residences of leaders, as part of their gherao agitation on the coal block allocation issue.A senior police official said all the six people were being taken to a makeshift jail in Baawana.A spokesperson for the activists said they had not violated prohibitory orders, as only two persons had gathered at the spot.Delhi Police warned on Saturday against staging a gherao at these places citing violation of prohibitory orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15732374", "title": "Domestic tiff ends in death of woman, two kids", "text": "BELGAUM: A trivial domestic dispute ended in three deaths in a Belgaum village on Saturday Sunitha Dattu Shinde, 28, of Kudchi village in Raibag taluk killed herself before strangling her two minor children Omkar, 6, and Akash, 4, to death, after a quarrel with her husband . Police sources said that Sunitha has pestered her husband Dattu Shind, a painter, not to go to Bangalore for work.However, Shinde refused to pay heed as he had to finish a job. This led to an argument between the two. After Shinde left for Bangalore, Sunita apparently strangled both the children to death before committing suicide by hanging at her residence. Kudchi police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "farmingdale", "code": "15708685", "title": "Watney and Garcia set the pace", "text": "FARMINGDALE: The Barclays is turning out to be an enthralling, neck-and-neck affair, with everything to look forward to in the weekend rounds. Nick Watney of US and Sergio Garcia of Spain lead the field with 8-under 134 after Round Two on Friday, but have men ready to leapfrog them at the first opportunity.It's a contest worthy of the stature of the $8 million event, the first of the four Playoffs in the FedExCup.The Bethpage Black was less hospitable on Friday compared with Day One. Hence, coming up with numbers in red was a bit more arduous for the professionals. Two veterans - Vijay Singh of Fiji and Bob Estes of US - fought and mastered the conditions, though, and are now lying tied third, a stroke behind the leaders.Another duo, Pat Perez (US) and John Senden (Australia), occupy the next spot in the ladder, joint fifth at 6-under 136, followed by a host of men within touching distance of the leaders.That golf is a fickle mistress was well illustrated by the plight of first-round leader Padraig Harrington . The Irishman was in sole lead after a stupendous 7-under 64 but completely lost his game to finish tied 15th at 3-under 139 after going 4-over. On Thursday, Harrington carded a 6-under 29 on Bethpage's final nine holes. On Friday, he posted a 5-over 40 on that same side. It seems the curse of first-round lead has struck him yet again. Before The Barclays, Harrington had led a PGA event five times after Round One but could never go on to win the title.Meanwhile, Tiger Woods , who was struggling with a bad back, hung on gamely and finished the day just three shots adrift of the leaders. Woods made a horrendous start to the day with bogeys in the first two holes. But the fighter in him came to the fore and he slowly turned things around despite not being at the top of his game. His driving was generally awry and he often hit his tee shots into the rough. But the effort he made to remain in contention was palpable.Woods' playing partner, world No. 1 Rory McIlroy struggled throughout the day and could do no better than 2-over 73. He is now even par at the halfway mark, and out of the title equation unless a miracle happens.Watney, who was born in California but lives in Las Vegas , had a drama-filled round unlike his 6-under 65 on Thursday. He led the pack for a sizeable part of the day before a rollercoaster finish on the last seven holes which saw three birdies and three bogeys allowed Garcia to catch up. Vijay, all languid grace, complemented his 68 in the first round with a measured 67 on Friday.That he could play a bogey-free round on a demanding course said something about his consistency and desire to do well.Among notable names to have missed the cut was defending FedExCup champion Bill Haas who went out after rounds of 71 and 75.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15751434", "title": "Government housing complex in Salt Lake gets four new blocks", "text": "KOLKATA: The state urban development department has decided to expand its biggest and oldest government housing complex - Baisakhi Abasan in Salt Lake following demands to set up more flats. Besides, the department will also ensure upkeep and maintenance of other residential complexes of the department in the township. Work for setting up the additional blocks has already begun.Salt Lake is dotted with quite a few housing estates - Sraboni Abasan, Falguni Abasan, Bichitra Abasan, Banashree Abasan and Baisakhi Abasan - and some Group D staff quarters which house employees of the urban development department.While most of these complexes will be refurbished, four new blocks are being constructed at Baisakhi Abasan. Each of the four-storeyed blocks will have eight flats with two flats on each floor. \"There were demands to have more number of flats. There was space at Baisakhi Abasan so we set up these additional flats here. We also look into the constant upkeep of the other urban development housing complexes that are in Salt Lake,\" said urban development secretary Debashis Sen. Last week, Sen went to inspect the progress of work at Baisakhi along with engineers and senior officials of the department.Apart from the housing estates of the urban development department, the state government has also decided to ensure proper utilization of the Kolkata Improvement Trust (KIT) housings", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15722618", "title": "Indian Railways to use CNG for diesel unit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In its endeavour to use new technology and conserve environment, Indian Railways has taken the initiative of using compressed natural gas (CNG) as an alternate fuel on pilot project involving Diesel Power Car (DPC) of Diesel Electric Multiple Unit (DEMU). Presently, the power car of Diesel Electric Multiple Unit is being hauled with the help of diesel.Contracts for conversion of 50 DPCs have been placed on three different firms by Indian Railways Organisation for Alternate Fuels (IROAF) for Northern Railway Shakurbasti Diesel Shed homing DEMUs. Fitment of these kits is under progress. Cost of fitment on 50 DPCs is about Rs 55 crore and savings in fuel consumption can be assessed only where these kits are positioned.The information regarding the use of CNG in DPC was given by the minister of state for Railways KH Muniyappa in written reply to a question in Lok Sabha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15755058", "title": "Twitter abuzz with congratulatory message for India Under-19 squad", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's Under-19 cricket team was swamped with congratulatory messages from politicians, cricketers and corporate bosses on twitterati for lifting its third U-19 World Cup title after a gap of four years at Townsville on Sunday.From senior cricketers Yuvraj Singh and Harbhajan Singh to union sports minister Ajay Maken , corporates Anand Mahindra and Vijay Mallya - all came together on Twitter to congratulate the Indian colts on their remarkable achievement.While the junior Indian team did a Usain Bolt by striking his trademark 'To The World' pose after lifting the coveted trophy, players and other celebrities used social networking sites to express their joy after the visitors beat formidable defending champions Australia by six wickets at Tony Ireland Stadium.\"Champions champions champions. Well done India U-19 boys for bringing another world cup home. Very proud of u all. So happy. God bless u all,\" tweeted India off-spinner Harbhajan Singh.Yuvraj Singh wrote: \"Proud of the colts!! Congratulations to the u-19 boys for winning the world cup! well played captain @UnmuktChand.\"Sports minister Maken posted: \"Congratulations\" India middle-order batsman Manoj Tiwary was all praise for the Indian team.\"Thank you India U19 Team for making us proud by winning the World Cup trophy. And great inning by @UnmuktChand9 and well played Smit Patel.\"Indian Premier League commissioner, Rajeev Shukla , extending his best wishes for Team India, wrote: \"Congratulate Indian U19 team 4 a spectacular performance 2 lift the World Cup. Australian team deserves praise 4 putting up a good show too.\"Former IPL chairman Lalit Modi also joined in to congratulate the Indian team.\"Congrats to the Indian Under 19 Boys for bringing home the Cup. These Boys are our Future,\" he posted.West Indies opener Chris Gayle wrote: \"Great news. India won the U19 world cup. India beat Australia in world cup Final Congrats team India.\"UB Group chairman and owner of Royal Challengers Bangalore IPL team, Vijay Mallya tweeted: \"Congrats Team India. Under 19 World Cup Champions. Good inspiration for the senior national team in the forthcoming World Cup.\"Anand Mahindra, Chairman, Mahindra Group also praised the team for its performance.\"This is what is so infectious about India:the FUTURE is always better&amp;brighter.Congratulations; to the Under-19 World Cup Cricket team..!\" Mahindra wrote.Beijing Games gold-medallist shooter, Abhinav Bindra congratulated the team, saying it was great to watch the match.\"Well done Unmukt Chand ! Great to watch. Congrats to the team!\", he wrote on his Twitter page.Former Indian spinner Murali Kartik wrote: \"Well done the Under-19 lads..congrats.\"Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi said the young cricketers have done the country proud.\"Our cricketers have done us proud yet again. Congratulations to the young players for winning the ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup \".Former India opener Aakash Chopra was also full of praise for the youngsters. \"The rewards of diligent and thorough preparation over the last 2 years. Well done BCCI. Well done young Team India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15714588", "title": "80-year-old man kills self with blade", "text": "NAGPUR: An 80-year-old man apparently committed suicide by slashing himself on his stomach with a blade. Found profusely bleeding in his Pavan Nagar (Yashodhara Nagar) residence, Yashwant Sontakke was rushed to the IGGMC where he succumbed on Friday.Police said they have recovered a bloodstained blade. Sontakke's nephew Hemant Sonarkar told police that his uncle had perhaps taken the step as he was an asthmatic and lonely too.Sontakke, who had retired as a guard from a private company, was staying alone since many years. His widowed daughter lives in Tehsil with her son. The family members refused to share details about Sontakke's wife who, the police said, had left him seven years ago.PSI VH Aade said that the death looked like suicide as there were no signs of struggle to suggest foul play. However, no suicide note was found in the room.The police have registered a case of accidental death. \"We are investigating on several points. We are yet to interrogate the relatives and the landlord of the place where Sontakke was staying,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15718989", "title": "Congress holds first meet to finalize poll candidates", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Congress state election committee meet was held on Saturday to empower the All India Congress Committee Chief-Sonia Gandhi to take a final decision on the selection of the candidate.The committee was chaired by state party Arjun Modhwadia and was attended by AICC state observors Mohan Prakash and Ashok Tanwar; who were informed that a list of the probable candidates had been sent to the high command. The one line resolution powered Gandhi to take a final decision.The meeting also passed a resolution condemning the death of the farmers in the state due to drought and scarcity. The resolution came down heavily on chief minister Narendra Modi . The Congress said that Modi has time to meet industrialists and take out rallies but he as the head of the state does not have time to go and meet the family of the famers who committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15720175", "title": "Arun Shourie calls for shift in judicial activism", "text": "CHENNAI: Former Union minister Arun Shourie on Saturday called for a different kind of judicial activism that would have low tolerance for adjournments and do away with rhetoric, which was mistaken for judicial pronouncement and cited as precedent.\"Don't allow adjournments as this will expedite cases and help innocent accused get free of litigation,\" he said, delivering the Nani Palkhivala memorial lecture, instituted in honour of the eminent jurist. Conviction of corrupt persons should ensure that they are barred from public life besides putting them in jail, he said, questioning the wisdom of levying monetary fines, which the corrupt could easily afford.Countering criticism of judicial activism, he said courts were not responsible for stepping out of their traditional bounds, and such activism was compelled by failures of the executive and the legislature at various levels. He cited the examples of the Kerala high court instructing as to how mosquito control should be managed and another court being petitioned as to the nature of the tourist guides who should be permitted at Fatehpur Sikri.On the flip side, he said excessive rhetoric was masquerading as judicial activism when it should be based on facts and technical expertise on various issues. Courts must monitor the effects of their rulings on the ground and cannot be oblivious of ground realities, he said. In this context, he suggested that senior advocates and retired judges be taken to naxalite and terrorist-hit areas in the country so that they can appreciate the ground realities and convey their impressions to sitting judges to enable them to make more informed judgments. He sympathized with judges dealing with petitions from rabid activists, especially on issues of human rights but felt they had to temper their judgments based on actual facts.He said judges should avoid the temptation of looking for post retirement appointments to maintain their independence. He said it was time court verdicts were examined by citizens outside the legal fraternity to ensure judicial accountability.Editor of 'Tughlak' Cho Ramaswamy was the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15727857", "title": "Fencing player-student attacked, shot at in school", "text": "PATIALA: A state-level fencing player was attacked by a mob, armed with baseball bats, and shot at in Govt Senior Secondary School, Patiala, on Saturday.Amandeep Singh, a 12th class student, has been admitted to Govt Rajindera Hospital, Patiala.Some days ago, Amandeep reportedly had some arguments with his juniors Sonu and Avtar Singh, who also practice fencing with him and study in the same school in 11{+t}{+h} class, over the use of fencing equipment. Though the problem was immediately sorted out by coaches, Sonu and Avtar did not relent and allegedly wanted to teach Amandeep a lesson.On Saturday morning, another student called Amandeep to the main gate of the school around 11 am on the pretext that his relative wanted to meet him, but when he reached the main gate, Sonu and Avtar, along with 20 other boys, allegedly attacked Amandeep with baseball bats.The group kept thrashing Amandeep for a few minutes and fled as some other students of the school came in support of their classmate.\"First they thrashed Amandeep with baseball bats and later Avtar fired at him. Though the bullet did not hit him directly, he suffered injuries on his hip and other parts,\" alleged Harmandeep, elder brother of Amandeep.Some students informed family members of the injured student and got him admitted in the hospital.School authorities refused to speak to media after the attack.\"It's really shocking that boys came with baseball bats and fired on another student. It shows the worsening law and order situation in the city. The firing could have hit other students also,\" said Raghvir Singh, whose son also study in the same school, who was standing near the school main gate.When contacted, SHO, Civil Lines, Rajesh Chhiber said they have been conducting investigations.\"It's a clash between two students over a minor argument. We will arrest the accused at the earliest,\" said DSP Kesar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15717875", "title": "Miscreants hurl bomb at official's residence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Panic gripped Nehru Enclave Colony of Gomtinagar when unidentified miscreants hurled a crude bomb on the house of a secretariat employee at Rupayan Block late on Saturday evening. However, no one was hurt as the secretariat employee, identified as Manoj Arora was out of his house at the time of the incident. Arora lives alone in the house number 27, Rupayan Block in Nehru Enclave, the police said.According eyewitnesses, at around 8.35 p.m., they heard a loud noise and rushed out of their houses only to know later that some miscreants have hurled a crude bomb at the house of Arora. The bomb hit the pillar of the main gate. Arora lives near the residence of former Lucknow University students' union leader Ram Singh Rana and brother of former MLA Jeetendra Singh 'Babloo'.According to circle officer Nityanand Rai the bomb was made by filling a soft drink can with gunpowder and a was a low intensity bomb.The police said that till now the reason behind the hurling of the bomb could not be ascertained. \"Efforts are on to establish the identity of the attackers,\" the circle officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15718045", "title": "Students Islamic Organization promotes education", "text": "The name of Students Islamic Organization (SIO) was inadvertently mentioned in the article 'Cops fear IM might reemerge as new outfit' published in TOI on July 26. SIO is the student wing of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind and working since 1982. The organization's office-bearers say they are active across the country and promote education and high morals in society and have no link with any terror outfit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15713143", "title": "Jan Manch opposes pay and park scheme", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is all set to implement the pay and park scheme in various commercial areas. However, the civic body's move is already under severe criticism from a section of citizens. Recently, an NMC-appointed contractor had to stop the pay and park scheme on Sadar's Link road following stern opposition from traders in the area.Now, city-based NGO Jan Manch too has joined the traders and opposed the NMC's move to implement the parking scheme. A delegation of the NGO, led by activist Pramod Pande, met municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane to dissuade the civic body from implementing the scheme.They explained that when the residents are paying taxes to the corporation, then it is the responsibility of the NMC to provide parking places in city's commercial areas.The NGO appealed to the civic chief in maintaining the roads and repairing the potholes. They also advised the civic chief to take the help of VNIT to ensure quality of city roads.They also stressed the need to follow Indian Road Congress norms while constructing or asphalting city roads. The NMC should not spare the contractors if roads constructed found of poor quality, the NGO said.Pande also pointed out the substandard quality of the manhole lids which break off easily, posing a threat to citizens. The non-functioning of street lights added to woes to the citizens, they said.The NGO also expressed concern over slow pace of work in shifting street light poles from city roads. As per an affidavit filed by the NMC in the high court, the work to shift the poles should have been completed before April 2012. However, the NMC's electric department has failed to follow the deadline.Jan Manch also drew attention of the civic chief over unhygienic conditions in vegetable markets due to irregularity in lifting of garbage. They also cited the example of Mahatma Phule market.(Reporting by Aman Bordia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15727623", "title": "Former BJP minister, wife served notice for forging documents", "text": "SHIMLA: A state minister and senior BJP leader Parveen Sharma and his wife Anita Devi have been issued notice by Himachal Pradesh high court over the issue of the latter getting government job on the basis of alleged forged certificates during his tenure. The high court has asked Sharma and his wife to file reply by September 21.Parveen Sharma, now a BJP vice-president, was a minister of state from 1998 to 2003 during the previous BJP government and his wife was appointed as a craft teacher in 2000 on the recommendation of HP Subordinate Services Selection Board. The appointment courted controversy when the certificates submitted by her were challenged and the matter finally reached at court.While hearing a petition filed by one Kuldeep Dogra seeking an inquiry into the illegalities from an independent agency, the division bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharm Chand Chaudhary issued notice to Parveen Sharma and Anita Devi and directed them to file reply by September 21.Kuldeep Dogra in his petition has alleged that Anita Devi was more than 40 years of age at the time of recruitment, whereas the upper age limit was 38 years. It was alleged that a forged employment certificate and identity card was submitted with the application form as the card was of one Anita, daughter of Lal Chand, whereas Anita Devi is daughter of Om Parkash.It was further alleged in the petition that false experience certificate was annexed with the application as the information sought from Amb panchayat samiti through an RTI application revealed that no sewing and stitching centre was opened or functioning in 1997-98 in Chaproh (Chintpurni) panchyat. Even, the trade certificate seemed to be forged as it was issued in the name of Anita, daughter of Parveen Sharma, Dogra alleged in his petition. Dogra claimed that he had approached the state government but no action was taken by the government till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15730548", "title": "Girl found dead on the tracks", "text": "Madhuri Kandjor (18) was found dead on the tracks near Panvel. The GRP filed an accidental death case, but sources said suicide was also suspected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-26"}
