{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441145", "title": "Hyderabad-based institute to help in aquifer mapping", "text": "HYDERABAD: Concerned with a depleting groundwater table, the ministry of water resources has directed its attention to detecting groundwater reserves.As part of a mission designed by the Central Ground Water Board (CGWB), the National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) here has embarked on a project which will set the methodology and suggest techniques to be used for carrying out aquifer mapping in the country.The project 'Aquifers Characterisation Using Advanced Geophysical Techniques In Representative Geological Terrains of India' of NGRI involves aquifer mapping in six representative areas of the country. \"The ground surveys have already begun. For the first time, airborne surveys will also be taken up from January next in the project areas,\" NGRI director Mrinal K Sen told TOI. He said there were results from pilot studies that have been previously conducted in some hard rock and sedimentary alluvium terrain and it is these areas that were selected for aquifer mapping.At a cost of Rs 27 crore, the aquifer mapping will be taken up in Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Bihar. NGRI is also in consultations with officials of the Danish embassy in New Delhi for expert assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446269", "title": "Parambrata headed for Hollywood", "text": "Seven months after Kahaani, the Bengali actor has been signed by Oscar winner Jeffrey D Brown for SoldAfter a sensitive performance in Kahaani, Bengali actor Parambrata Chatterjee is making headway in his film career in a slow and steady manner.The actor has been roped in by Oscar winner Jeffrey D Brown for his film titled Sold based on child trafficking. Brown was in Kolkata last week to officially sign Parambrata. Set in Nepal and Kolkata, Sold will feature a 13-year-old Nepali girl who becomes a victim of the flesh trade. It is also expected to star Naomi Watts as one of the lead actors.And, seven months after Sujoy Ghosh's thriller, Parambrata is also set to sign his second Hindi film, a remake of the 2011 Malayalam blockbuster Traffic. Rajesh Pillai will direct the Hindi version as well, to be produced by Endemol. We hear Ajay Devgn will play a superstar while Parambrata will be seen as cardiac surgeon Dr Abel.Sources reveal Parambrata will be flying into Mumbai later this week to finalise the deal. \"He is also in advanced talks with UTV for a Nikhil Advani film,where he will co-star with Abhishek Bachchan,\" they say.When contacted, Parambrata refrained from comment saying, \"I am not supposed to talk about my projects until they're officially announced by their producers. Butyes, I was in no hurry to sign another Hindi film after Kahaani. Besides, I was out of the country for quite some time.Asked about his next film with Ghosh, he admits it is on the cards but adds it is still a long way off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16443930", "title": "Gowri\u2019s Ganesha to be the star attraction in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: While most of us have built sand castles, here is an artist who scoops fistfuls of wet sand and creates beautiful sculptures. An eco-friendly Ganesha, moulded by Mysore-based sand artist Gowri MN, will be the special attraction during the Ganesha festival in Belgaum. She is busy giving finishing touches to her creation.The Ganesha idol, 11ft tall, 20 ft wide and 25ft long, will be on show at Maratha Mandir premises for 13 days from September 18. Gowri has used three lorry loads o fsand to create the masterpiece.What made the city go in for this eco-Ganesha? Environment-related issues come to the fore every year during the festival, thanks to the chemical paints and plaster of Paris used in the idols. Environmentalists oppose immersion of such idols in water bodies. In order to create awareness among the people about eco-friendly idols, Belgaum-based organization Yash Events is introducing the sand Ganesha. Gowri, who is qualified with a diploma in mechanical engineering, has discovered her passion for the sand art just a year ago. And within this short period, she has received international recognition. She was the only woman artist who participated in the international sand art festival held at Konark, Orissa, in December 2011. During the 15-day festival, Gowri sculpted popular temples in sand and received accolades.Gowri told TOI: \"I am like Ekalavya in sand art. I discovered this beautiful art online. The images I saw inspired me and I began looking up videos on the social media to understand the art better,\" she says recalling how she learnt the techniques of sand art on her own. How does she go about it? She says she visualizes a picture and sculpts it in sand.\"The wet sand should be sculpted from top to bottom and the artist must be careful because one cannot go back to the top to make corrections. Sometimes sand sculptures crumble. A sand artist needs patience,\" she says.Gowri was invited to participate in around eight events in the past one year across the country. She had sculpted Goddess Chamundeshwari during Mysore Dasara last year and had depicted the Mahabharata at the Lalbagh Republic Day flower show in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442478", "title": "Missing techie died on rail track", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the family and colleagues of missing software engineer Sumit Parihar protested against police inaction, the south district police have claimed he died the very day he went missing \u2014 September 9. The 26-year-old apparently died on the railway tracks at Hodal in Haryana. This is the same area where his SIM was traced by his relatives on September 10, but local cops allegedly refused to work on the lead.On Monday, a Delhi Police team went to Hodal after Parihar's cellphone was traced near Palwal. They found that Parihar had died on the Delhi-Agra railway track. The Haryana railway police assumed it to be a vagabond's body and sent it for postmortem. The body was cremated three days later. The incident bears an uncanny resemblance to the Paras Bhasin death case, which is being probed by the crime branch.Relatives of the victim are asking why the cops, who claim they have excellent interstate coordination through the north India's police network \u2014 ZIPNET \u2014 could not trace a man who died eight days ago. They claimed they had filed a complaint on the same day, but police took action only after they staged a protest outside Safdarjang Enclave police station.Police sources said the victim's DNA had been preserved for further analysis. \"Prima facie, it is a case of suicide, but we don't want to take any chances. We are thinking of upgrading the case from kidnapping to murder. We know Parihar was in constant touch with some of his friends over phone a few hours before his death. We will be now questioning them,'' said an officer.As questions were raised, police went on the defensive. \"We had uploaded Parihar's photograph on ZIPNET and were trying our best to locate him. After locating his SIM in Hodal, we went there and made inquiries from the local police. On getting no clues, we contacted the railway police and were informed about a unidentified body found on railway tracks two days earlier. The GRP had cremated the body after postmortem. The deceased was later identified as Sumit Parihar,\" said a senior officer.Parihar's family members on Sunday claimed the cops were yet to take down their statements. The south district police had ruled out any foul play, saying the man seemed to have gone on his own as he had left his wallet and debit cards behind.Sumit, who is from Mathura, stayed in Krishna Nagar, Safdarjung Enclave, along with his cousin Shailendra. He worked for an IT firm in Noida as associate engineer. Family members said they had tried to call Sumit on September 9 but his phone was switched off.\"We have found that a few days before his disappearance, he had spoken to one of his friends for a long time. CCTV footage is also being studied,\" said an investigating officer.Sumit Parihar's body was cremated three days after he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16442761", "title": "Sena activists ransack Akola Municipal Corporation office", "text": "AKOLA: The office of the Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) were ransacked on Monday noon by agitating Shiv Sena - BJP activists in protest against maladministration, various scams and diesel price hike. The activists targeted the electrical office and office of Utkarsh Gute. They broke the glass tabletop and damaged the furniture. Unable to face the fury of the protesters, the employees left the office. Policemen rushed to the spot, but before that agitated activists had left the place. No formal complaint has been lodged till filing the report. Mayor, deputy mayor and officers were not available for comment.Several unnatural deaths in 48 hours: Several unnatural deaths were reported during last 48 hours in Akola region, said the police. An aged woman, Nasibabano SK Nasir of Balapur tehsil town drowned in river Man. She was reported to be mentally deranged. A 25-year-old youth, Shailesh Langote of village Khadki near here committed suicide life by consuming insecticide. In a separate incident, 27-year old Vinod Ingle of village Khamkhed was brought to hospital with severe burn injuries, and died within hours.In the fourth incident, fed up with his life, Darshan Jamdale of Birla Colony in Jathar Peth locality hanged himself. Meanwhile, the body of a middle-aged unidentified person was also found in Dhamma dam under Ural area.Youth dies during travel: Rupesh Yuvnathe of Nagpur suddenly died during railway travel in Azad Hind Express. He was travelling to hometown Nagpur but after leaving Bhusawal station, he felt unease and got down at Akola railway platform. He was vomiting and shifted to general hospital where he was declared brought dead.Boy injured in freak mishap: Satish Suradkar (4), of village Chichkhed in Shegaon taluka of Buldhana district was seriously injured when hot cooked vegetable fell on him on Sunday. He is undergoing medical treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442894", "title": "Share data with forest guides: Maharashtra Rajya Abhyaranya Guides Union", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Rajya Abhyaranya Guides Union (MRAGU), on Monday, held a protest march from Nehru Bal Bhavan to RBI square to highlight their various demands. Representatives of the union met the resident deputy collector Pramod Bhusari and submitted a memorandum addressed to the chief minister and the forest minister, Patangrao Kadam.The MRAGU activists demanded that data from the research done in the forests be shared with the respective guides. \"Workshops based on these research findings should also be conducted to increase the knowledge of the guides,\" said Manohar Mule, working president, MRAGU.The memorandum listed various issues related to wildlife tourism. They also demanded that tourism be allowed throughout the year on permanent basis, provide wireless systems to the guides, post guides as forest messengers (thus providing them with proper employment), and allow only those vehicles which have their horn deactivated inside forest. They also wanted the government to ban plastic pouches.Guides from Tadoba, Melghat, Pench, Bore, Navegaon, and Nagzira took part in the protest rally. \"It is our demand that the authorities should take into consideration the knowledge that the guides have acquired by living in the forest while making policies,\" said Mule, who added that the authorities have forwarded their petition to the Mantralaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16446304", "title": "Pak PM paves way for reopening of graft cases against President Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf on Tuesday informed Pakistan's Supreme Court that the government would revoke a former attorney general's letter to Swiss authorities for the closure of graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .Appearing before a five-judge bench headed by Justice Asif Saeed Khosa to face a contempt charge for failing to reopen the cases against the President, Ashraf said he had instructed law minister Farooq Naek to revoke the letter that was written by former attorney general Malik Qayyum in late 2007.With the revocation of the letter written during the regime of former military ruler Pervez Musharraf , it will be up to the Swiss authorities to decide whether the cases against Zardari should be reopened, legal experts said.In late 2007, Qayyum had asked Swiss authorities to close the graft cases against Zardari and his slain wife, former premier Benazir Bhutto , after Musharraf issued the National Reconciliation Ordinance, a graft amnesty that benefited over 8,000 people.The amnesty was part of a secret deal between Musharraf and Bhutto that facilitated the latter's return to Pakistan from self-imposed exile.Ashraf told the bench that he would abide by his commitment to find a solution to the issue of the graft cases.After reviewing all aspects of the matter, he said he had decided to revoke the letter written by the former attorney general and asked the law minister to take necessary steps.The premier said he wanted a solution that protects the dignity of both the apex court and the president.He further said the case involves the position of the president and not Zardari personally, and hoped that the apex court would \"exercise caution\".The bench told the premier that the court should be formally intimated after the Swiss attorney general was informed of the latest developments.It further said the government should show it the draft of the letter to be sent to the Swiss authorities.The court also said there should be no more unnecessary delays in the matter and the government should finalise the draft letter in two to three days.Following a request from Ashraf for more time to draft the letter to be sent to the Swiss authorities, the Supreme Court adjourned the case till September 25.The bench also accepted Ashraf's request to be exempted from future hearings.Speaking to reporters after the hearing that lasted less than 50 minutes, information minister Qamar Zaman Kaira said the premier had asked the Supreme Court to address the government's concerns regarding the case.\"The Prime Minister appeared in court and presented his viewpoint and said he was committed to take steps to resolve the matter,\" he said.The law ministry's draft letter to the Swiss authorities will be presented to court and then finalised, Kaira said.\"The matter will be resolved and the atmosphere of uncertainty will end. It is not good for the country's system if the Prime Minister repeatedly appears in court,\" he added.This was Ashraf's second appearance in the apex court to face the contempt charge. He was driven to the main entrance of the apex court in a SUV at around 9am.Wearing a gray bandh gala suit, he emerged from the vehicle and waved at his supporters standing outside the building before going inside.Inside courtroom no 4, Ashraf sat flanked by several federal ministers and leaders of parties in the ruling coalition led by the Pakistan People's Party .Shortly before the hearing, federal minister Firdous Ashiq Awan said the government would take steps to ensure that the country moved towards the holding of the next general election.\"The government will exercise all options as any confrontation between state institutions will not be good,\" Awan told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444138", "title": "Woman visits Pakistan with fake visa, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A Mazgaon-based salesgirl has moved a bail application in the city civil and sessions court after she was arrested on charges of travelling to Pakistan on a forged visa.The 21-year-old , Daniella Rosano, was arrested on August 31, by the Sahar police at the international airport after being deported to the city from Karachi, Pakistan.In the bail plea, Daniella said she had visited Pakistan to preach Christianity. The proposal to preach was allegedly brought forth by one Thomas who used to visit the same church as hers in Mazgaon . Thomas told Daniella that several new churches were established in Pakistan and there was a need for preachers. But when she arrived at Karachi airport, an immigration officer found that her visa was issued from Nairobi and he spotted certain discrepancies.The immigration officer then found that the visa was forged. The Indian high commission was informed, which checked with officials in Nairobi . It was found that Daniella had never travelled to Nairobi and the visa was not genuine. She was deported to Mumbai and subsequently arrested. She was remanded in police custody till September 3 and subsequently in judicial custody.Daniella was booked under sections 465, 468, 471 and 420 of the IPC. Seeking bail, Daniella claimed that she was innocent and that she had been cheated by Thomas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow ", "code": "16442477", "title": "HC: Form special force to protect Dudhwa tigers", "text": "LUCKNOW : The high court has asked the state government to constitute a special task force to protect tigers in Dudhwa National Park. \"If the order is not strictly and quickly complied with, we will take strict action against the erring authorities,\" said the court.The bench of acting Chief Justice Amitav Lala and Justice Anil Kumar passed the order on a public interest litigation filed by one SK Mishra. The petitioner had sought constitution of the protection force to which the state government had also agreed in principle. \"But as it is yet to be constituted, tigers are falling prey to poachers,\" the petition said.The court said that the issue was serious and even after its earlier direction, another tiger died. On June 1, the court sought information from the Centre and the state government as well as director of Tiger Protection Authority that why constitution of the force should not be considered.The court fixed next date of hearing after three weeks along with a similar petition and in between directed to seek direction from the respondents in the wake of its June one order. The court also took cognizance of the fact that though order was issued on June 1, in between one more tiger had died, therefore order to consider constitution of the special force should be implemented strictly and at the earliest otherwise action would be taken against authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16445694", "title": "Friends remember IIM-Bangalore founder director NS Ramaswamy as a pure human being", "text": "THRISSUR: The news about the demise of Professor NS Ramaswamy, founder director IIM-Bangalore and a multi-dimensional personality, who could deal with any sector from business management to bullock carts, came as shock for his friends in his hometown, Thrissur.A vibrant personality even at the age of 86, Ramaswamy would talk about any subject under the sun at any given time, they remembered. He always had the charisma to attract everyone not just because he was handsome, but with his wisdom that covers nearly 20 sectors, remembered his close friend in Kerala D Murthy, who is district secretary of Kerala Brahmana Sabha with which Ramaswamy was associated for the past many years.\"He left Kerala for Bangalore right after his college days. However, in his rare, short visits to Kerala, he would contact all his friends and share light moments. I consider him as a man of perfection who would always explain matters with facts and figures. His each sentence was packed with information and he owned an unbelievable memory power even at the age of 86,\" said Murthy.Thiruvambadi Devaswom President Prof M Madhavankutty, who always found time to talk to Ramaswamy whenever the latter comes to Thrissur, remembers the 'Cartman' as a pure human being. \"He was a very soft-spoken person, who would give any information on earth. He tried his best for the rural development of the country, said Madhavankutty.The other person who was in good touch with the Bhishmacharya of the management movement in the country was Prof TK Devanarayan.At the same time, friends say, Ramaswamy was unhappy that his motherland never recognised his abilities and never utilised his services. \"He would always point out about the focussless development models implemented in the State. He always believed the State should focus on service sector and agriculture instead of going for industrialization,\" they pointed out.The last time he visited Thrissur and spent a good time with his friends was in January last week. Ramaswamy was invited to inaugurate a seminar on 'Man-making mission of Swami Vivekananda' organized by Vivekananda Kendra Vedic Vision Foundation.\"He used to address many worthy discussions, seminars and programmes held in the town,\" said Prof Madhavankutty.A man who loved melam and South Indian art forms Ramaswamy was nostalgic about his childhood days in Puttur about 10 km away from the town. \"We have heard, Ramaswamy was fond of swimming in his childhood days that he used to spent hours in the temple pond near her house with friends,\" concluded D Murthy, adding Thrissur would always remember Ramaswamy as one of her brightest sons.Padma Bhushan awardee, Prof NS Ramaswamy breathed his last on Monday late evening. He is survived by his wife, a son and daughter and three grand-daughters and a grandson. Family sources said Ramaswamy was ailing for some time and breathed his last around 7.45 pm at his Koramangala residence. The last rites will be performed on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16441624", "title": "AITA seeks Mahesh Bhupathi-Rohan Bopanna views", "text": "BANGALORE: Doubles stars Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna had sought an explanation from the All India Tennis Association; they asked the parent body to make known the procedure adopted in slapping the doubles stars with a two-year ban for their stand prior to the July-August London Olympics.Predictably all AITA president Anil Khanna &amp; Co could come up with was a response that underlined the dictatorial stance adopted by the association.AITA then did well to stretch a short sentence into a long story. They explained that in the executive committee meeting held on July 1, 2012 it was decided that action in keeping with the rules and regulations of the national tennis body was to be taken against players who refused to dance when the selection committee turned on the music.The communique further explained that the matter was brought before the hitherto unheard of ethics committee that met in Chandigarh on September 13.The ethics body apparently recommended that Bhupathi and Bopanna should not be considered to represent the country until June 30, 2014. Two days later, AITA's executive committee unanimously endorsed the decision.Interestingly, the letter written by AITA secretary Bharat Oza also noted that the decision to send two men's doubles teams to the London Olympics was 'endorsed' after much debate.It was endorsed all the same wasn't it? So shouldn't whoever backed it - the executive committee, office-bearers or selection committee - also be slapped with a two-year or better still life-ban for endorsing a partnership that they clearly believed was out of line?The most laughable line in the letter came at the very end. Oza actually invited the players to put forth their views.Khanna and Co are obviously unaware of the principles of natural justice that govern their system. It was imperative that the players were heard before the decision to ban them was taken and not after.THE BIG FEUDIt all started when Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna staged a 'revolt' by refusing to partner Leander Paes at the London Olympics.The AITA, under pressure from the sports ministry, was forced to send two teams to London - allowing Bhupathi to partner Bopanna, and picking rookie Vishnu Vardhan to partner Paes.Bhupathi and Bopanna were not picked in the Indian Davis Cup team that beat New Zealand in a Asia Oceania tie recently. On Saturday, the AITA announced that they won't be selected to play for India till June 30, 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16444979", "title": "Havish to resume shooting for Genius", "text": "After a brief hiatus, actor Havish will resume shooting for his maiden film Genius. The romantic action entertainer, which is in the final leg of production, will begin its last schedule of shooting from September 21. This schedule will last for 10 days and later, the unit shall wrap up the patch work by the first week of October.Genius also marks the directorial debut of TV anchor Omkar. Chinni Krishna is penning the story while dialogues are written by Paruchuri Brothers. Joshua Sridhar is scoring the music. Presented by Oak Entertainment, the Genius is produced by Ramadootha Creations. The audio is expected to be released in October.The unit recently shot a song on a lavish scale in the beautiful locales of Ladakh. This is a message oriented movie, which has Ashwin, Saanusha, Abhinaya and Sarath Kumar. Other cast includes Ashish Vidhyardhi, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Shubhaleka Sudhakar, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443623", "title": "Railways slammed for delay in night train to Karwar", "text": "BANGALORE: Pulling up the railways for the delay in providing a night train between Bangalore and Karwar via Mangalore, the Karnataka High Court on Monday gave the railway board three weeks to respond.\"As of now, two possibilities stare at us. Converting the Bangalore-Karwar day train into an overnight train or branch out the existing Bangalore-Mangalore train, one to Kannur in the south and one to Karwar (from Mangalore),\" a division bench comprising Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and Justice BV Nagarathna observed while adjourning the hearing of the PIL.Counsel for railways insisted that the ghat section in Sakleshpur cannot take the load of two trains in a night. He also said branching out a train will mean a locomotive standing idle at Mangalore railway station and there are enough trains from Mangalore to Karwar.Not convinced, the bench wanted to know which is more important -- a locomotive or better service for the people. \"Karnataka has been ignored in the case of railway connectivity. Other states in the south have better connectivity... For the sake of one engine, you can't deny the service,\" Justice Nagarathna observed.Advocates Shankar Bhat and others filed the PIL seeking this night train service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442045", "title": "State hotfoots plan for organ retrieval centres", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may set October 15 as the deadline for hospitals that want to be designated as organ retrieval centres to enrol with the zonal transplantation coordination committee (ZTCC). The decision to set a deadline was taken at a meeting held in Mantralaya on Monday. to discuss organ donation related issues.The meeting, chaired by public health minister Suresh Shetty, was attended by T C Benjamin (additional chief secretary, health), Colonel Satnam Singh of the national kidney foundation and other senior officials from the health department.Shetty said, \"Modalities for enrollment of hospitals were discussed during the meeting. October 15 will be the tentative deadline for enrolment of hospitals with the Zonal Transplantation Coordination Committee (ZTCC).\" \"The enrolment will be done in two phases-first round will cover hospitals with over 300 beds and facilities with lesser beds will be covered in the second phase. Hospitals enrolled will be issued a organ retrieval centre certificate, which will be displayed for public awareness.\"In order to give a leg-up to organ donation in the state, the health department recently issued a Government Resolution (GR) stating that hospitals with an operation theatre (OT) and an intensive care unit (ICU) can enrol with the ZTCC to be organ retrieval centres. Earlier, organ retrieval was permitted only at hospitals that performed organ transplant surgeries.There are less than 100 transplant centres in the state, said health department officials. \"More people will come forward to donate organs if the ZTCC allows hospitals with OTs and ICUs to be retrieval centres,\" an official said.Plans are afoot to fix the cost for organ retrieval operation to check exploitation, said a public health ministry official. \"The cost burden should not be borne by a donor's relatives. We are trying to fix the organ retrieval operation rate which the receiver will have to bear,'' the official said.A scheme to encourage organ donation is in the pipeline, it is learnt. The state transport department has agreed to launch a pilot project in which a donor's driving license will bear the words \"I am an organ donor\". The scheme will be implemented between Mumbai and Pune, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442759", "title": "Tata Power-Hindalco coal block faces govt action", "text": "NEW DELHI: An inter-ministerial group (IMG) has recommended that the bank guarantees submitted by Tata Power and Hindalco for a coal block in Jharkhand be forfeited. Separately, an agency report said, the government has decided to de-allocate a mine allotted for joint development by JSW Steel and Himachal EMTA.The Tubed block in Jharkhand was allotted to Tata Power and Hindalco in August, 2007, for power generation but has seen delays in development of the mines. The block, which has an extractable reserve of 130 million tonnes, also found a mention in the CAG report, which has been the trigger for government action.The panel is scrutinizing 29 out of 58 cases that were served show cause notices for non-development of mines during a specified period. In 16 cases, the inter-ministerial panel of officers has recommended action, with more cases due to be taken up on Tuesday.While the IMG has recommended de-allocation in seven cases, the government has accepted the recommendation for five, including Gourangdih ABC that was given to JSW Steel-Himachal EMTA combine.As far as deduction of bank guarantees is concerned, the government has accepted the panel's recommendation in case of Marki Mangli in Maharashtra allotted to Shri Virangana Steel in 2005, Lohari block in Jharkhand given to Usha Martin in 2005 and Nerad Malegaon in Maharashtra that was allotted to Gupta Metaliks &amp; Power in 2006.In addition, Monnet Ispat &amp; Energy has been asked to provide bank guarantees for a block in Odisha that was allocated in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441795", "title": "Accused in Nayana Pujari case still at large", "text": "PUNE: Exactly a year after Yogesh Ashok Raut, one of the main accused in the kidnapping, rape and murder of software engineer Nayana Pujari, escaped from police custody, the Pune police still have no clue as to his whereabouts.Raut escaped from Sassoon hospital on September 17, 2011, while in police custody. He had been brought to the hospital from Yerawada central jail and escaped after police naik Sumersingh Sursingh Patil removed his handcuffs when he went to the toilet at 2 pm. Patil was dismissed from service after the incident.At the time of his disappearance, Raut was on trial for the Pujari murder case as well as a case involving the kidnapping and murder of vegetable vendor Vishaka Mandal.The Pujari case trial against Raut is pending before principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar.In a report filed in court after Raut's escape, special public prosecutor Harshad Nimbalkar had said that the police had recorded the statements of Raut's parents and others residing at Khed in Pune district, but Raut had not contacted them after he escaped.Speaking to TOI on Monday, senior inspector Kishore Jadhav, in charge of the Yerawada police, said, \"We are trying our best to find Raut. Police teams are regularly sent to various places to hunt him down. We are also co-ordinating with the Pune crime branch, but his whereabouts are not known.\"Jadhav said, \"The court had earlier issued a non-bailable warrant for Raut's arrest. He was later declared a proclaimed offender as per section 82 of the Criminal Procedure Code. Raut does not own property in his name, but his family does own land in Khed. We have written a letter to the concerned sub-registrar of Khed not to transfer the property to another person's name in case his family members make an attempt to sell the property.\"Senior inspector Sunil Pawar (unit III) of the crime branch, who had arrested Raut and three others in 2009, told TOI that the police have been closely monitoring the activities of Raut's family members as well as others since he escaped from police custody.\"Raut is involved in a serious crime,\" said Pawar. \"We have conducting routine and surprise searches at various places on information received but have been unable to arrest Raut. He shared a cell with members of the Rakesh Bharne gang while at Yerawada jail and we are trying to find out if he is in touch with them.\"Pujari, an employee of Synechron, a software company at Kharadi, was found raped and murdered in the Zarewadi forest area at Rajgurunagar in Khed, about 50 km from here, on October 8, 2009.The Khed police had registered a case against unknown persons, but had later transferred the case to the Yerawada police as Pujari had gone missing from Kharadi, under the jurisdiction of the Yerawada police.Yogesh Raut (24), Rajesh Chaudhary (23) and Mahesh Thakur (24), all from Khed and Vishal Kadam (26) of Satara were arrested in connection with the case. Chaudhary had later turned approver. A chargesheet against them was filed on January 12, 2010.After Raut's escape, Chaudhary had retracted his confession and made a plea that he be made a co-suspect in the case.The case will now come up for hearing on September 26. The plea filed by Chaudhary will be decided on the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16443613", "title": "Seminar on FDI", "text": "VARANASI: The Eco-Voice Forum of the department of economics, DAV Post Graduate College organised a seminar on 'FDI: will it be helpful to India' on Monday.Speaking on the occasion, Vimal Shankar Singh, the head of the economics department, said FDI in different sectors should be understood on its individual merit. He was, however, critical of the government's recent decision of allowing 51% FDI in the retail sector.According to him, this policy of the government was more of a political decision than an economic one. The timing of the decision shows that the government wants to divert the attention of the public from the Coalgate scandal.He was of the opinion that the decision would lead to monopoly of multinational companies.It would be interesting to see whether investments would increase, or the outflow of money in the form of profit, he said, wondering whether it would not casue draining of resources from the country.Criticising the government's decision, he said it would not have any impact on arresting inflation, nor generate employment.The million dollar question was that of small traders, he said, adding that the savings of middle income group would be reduced due to increasing consumerism. Indians need cheap bread and clothing, not the luxuries of Walmart, he said.Presiding over the programme, the principal SD Singh said while FDI should be encouraged in other sectors, it could be harmful in retail. Speaking in favour of FDI, Anup Kumar Mishra, associate professor in the economics department, said one should not view the recent government decision with suspicion since India needs more investment and advanced technology.In a power point presentation made by the students, it was highlighted that the decision was the first step in opening the retail sector to multinational companies who would now be studying the government's policy and decide on investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445202", "title": "I allowed 'Joker' to speak for itself: Akshay Kumar", "text": "Akshay Kumar argues that his absence wouldn't have mattered if Shirish Kunder's project was meant to be a blockbusterIt was perhaps for the first time in his career spanning two decades that Akshay Kumar chose to dissociate from his film. That too, when the venture, Joker was his co-production. Amidst reports of a rift between the makers and the actor, Akshay chose to stay mum. But when the film's failure at the box office was attributed to the hero's absence from all promotional activity, he chose to break his silence. To TOI, Akshay said, \"I think the hero's presence during promotions makes a difference only to the Friday opening. And perhaps, a part of Saturday. But after that, it's the word of mouth that counts.\"Choosing to be diplomatic in his stance, Akshay attributed a film's success or failure solely to the audience. \"After a film releases, it's success no longer stays in the hands of the actors or the makers. Whether you put 30, 25 or 5 days into the promotional activities, the audience takes the film's fate out of your hands. I remember vividly, not so long ago, I had gone all out for the promotions of a film. I spent time away from family, not to mention losing sleep and putting my other schedules on hold. But the audience had already made up their mind,\" said he.And having seen the ups and downs in his career, Akshay now knows when to 'push' and when to 'let go' of his projects. \"This time, I let the film speak for itself, that's all. I believe, if it was destined to be a blockbuster, it would have been. Regardless of my actions,\" the actor justified.The trade circuit, however, isn't too sympathetic to his reasons. TOI told you how the distributors, having lost a lot of money over Joker , expected the lead actor and co-producer to reimburse them. According to insiders, Akshay who perhaps had a fair idea of the film's fate at the box office, asked UTV not to sell the film at such a high price. However, the producers still went along and sold it at a premium that an 'Akshay Kumar' feature demands and there was nothing that the actor could do.Unlike his last venture, for his upcoming co-production (he is part owner of Grazing Goat, the production house) OMG Oh My God, Akshay is rather excited. \"I didn't hear any script. I saw the play and enjoyed it. And also learnt a lesson. I was always a God fearing man. After watching the play, I became a God loving man. I stopped believing in pay and pray. Now I can sit anywhere and pray. That way, I get more time with God,\" the actor told us.Another thing Akshay has rarely spoken about is his relationship with his father-in-law, late Rajesh Khanna . \"You will never really hear me talking about the relationships I share, especially with my family. Remember, though I was his son-in-law, I was a struggling actor then. I did not want anybody to think that I was trying to reap success off my father-in-law's stardom. We kept our respect and admiration for each other very personal and quiet. And that is exactly how it should have been. People may be seeing our relationship now, that doesn't mean it wasn't there before,\" he told us.Interestingly, Akshay's journey to stardom has not changed the things he loves. For instance, despite having a garage full of cars most men would kill for, the actor prefers to ride pillion on his bodyguard's bike while going to a film set. And he attributes his 'grounded' nature to his mother. \"Only moms know how to help their boys grow up to be real loved men,\" claimed the actor and added, \"I've never been comfortable flashing my success. On screen I may portray a lot of things, but off it, I am still the kid I was in school. I like to play in the garden and roam around on my bike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443357", "title": "Water cuts to continue in city", "text": "NASHIK: Following unsatisfactory rains in the catchment areas of the Gangapur, Kashyapi and Gautami dams, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to continue with the present water cut until the water levels increase in the dams.The decision to continue cuts to this effectwas taken following a meeting between municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and city mayor Yatin Wagh on Monday. The cuts were enforced across all all six NMC division from June 19 onwards. Since then, the water cut is still being continued in the limits of NMC.Mayor Yatin Wagh said, \"The decision to enforce water cuts within NMC jurisdiction the limits of NMC had beenwas taken on June 19 following the decline in water levels at the Gangapur dam and unsatisfactory rainfall in the dam's catchment areas. We have decided to continue with the cuts as the water levels have still not reached satisfactory figures in the Gangapur, Gautami and Kashyapi dams,\" Wagh said.Till date, the water level in Gangapur dam is 4,697 million cubic feet (MCFT), which amounts to nearly 84%. Water level in Kashyapi dam is at a near 61%1128 MCFT, which is 60.90 per cent of the total capacity, while Gautami has seen levels reach close to 59%. 1104 MCFT that is 58.62 per cent.While the total capacity of the three dams is around 9,000 mcft, at present only 74% (6,931 mcft) has been filled.\"Last year, the amount of water water reservation for NMC in Gangapur alone was at 4,700 mcft. This year, we have sought the irrigation department's help to reserve 5,200 mcft water at Gangapur. A meeting between district collector Vilas Patil and district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal will be held in October to decide the water reservation issue. A decision to cancel water cuts could be taken if the rains improve and the dams fill up in the interim period over the next few days,\" Wagh said.The NMC has enforced 15% cuts in Cidco and Satpur, a 20% cut has been in force in Nashik East, Nashik West, Nashik Road and Panchvati. Water is being supplied once a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441904", "title": "Fire at mobile phone factory in Orgadam", "text": "CHENNAI: A fire broke out in a factory in Orgadam on Monday. Police said there were no injuries but three employees who fainted were rushed to a nearby hospital.The fire broke out at Broad Youth Dreams factory which manufactures mobile phone parts. Three men, who were working in the paint shop where the fire broke out, lost consciousness. A security guard of the factory noticed the smoke rising from the factory and alerted the fire and rescue service personnel.Fire and rescue services personnel doused the fire after an hour. Oragadam police have registered a case and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442343", "title": "Years later, UD ministry finds fault with Le Meridien's flouting of building norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The urban development (UD) ministry has raised a question over violation of rules in the addition of two floors to the Le Meridien Hotel in the heart of central Delhi despite the five-star being located in a designated flight path.The ministry has asked how two floors could be added during the construction of the hotel without the municipal authority \u2014 in this case New Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) \u2014 discovering the flagrant violation that has only now been raised years later.A senior UD ministry official said surveyors stumbled on the illegal construction during routine checks carried out by NDMC and UD personnel. \"How could such a major violation happen just a few km from the Council's headquarters? NDMC should explain this,\" the official said.Although sources said the violation has been brought to the NDMC's notice, Council chairperson Archana Arora said, \"I can't ascertain anything since I have no access to the official documents now. So, I can't comment anything whether there has been any such communication from UD ministry.\"A Le Meridien spokesperson told TOI over telephone, \"We have not received any notice from the government and we have no comment to offer on this issue.\"In 1982, NDMC allotted land on licence fee basis to C J International to build and operate the property at Windsor Place. The lease for the property is for 99 years.The additional floors are not the only trouble the hotel could face. It also owes crores of rupees to NDMC and the UD ministry along with two other hotels. Last month the ministry asked NDMC to recover outstanding dues of over Rs 30 crore from three five-star hotels \u2014 Le Meridian, Bharat Hotels and Taj Mansingh \u2014 on account of lease rent, violations, damages and interest.Sources said the amount due from Bharat Hotels is Rs 18.68 crore, while Le Meridien owes Rs 9.27 crore and Taj Mansingh's outstanding is Rs 3.25 crore.\"It is the responsibility of the civic body to recover this amount from hotels. We have not heard from their end,\" a ministry official said.Arora admitted that there are some dues, but did not confirm the amount. \"These records are not readily available with me,\" she added.NDMC member Karan Singh Tanwar accused the municipal body of various irregularities. \"There are violations and illegal constructions and this is because of a nexus between violators and Council officers. There should be a high-level enquiry,\" he added.Tanwar alleged that while government agencies lose no time in disconnecting power or water supply to aam aadmi in case of a delay in bill payments, hotels and businesses are given a long rope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443710", "title": "Passive drinking takes toll on community at large", "text": "BANGALORE: Alcoholism has always been considered a victimless crime, but a recent study by the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences could change that. It concluded that 45% of people agreed that they faced some trauma due to drinking by an unknown person. Passive drinking, like passive smoking, could ruin your life.The study says the harm is not restricted to family members, friends and co-workers but affects the community at large. Data suggest that individuals in society are adversely affected in many ways by strangers' drinking (see box).The study was conducted in 2,000 families across India involving 45,000 people in five cities -- Gangtok , Surat, Dhule, Visakhapatnam and Cuttack.Another study at Viveknagar in Bangalore looked at the secondary social effects of alcoholism. \"Not only did the drinkers' family face financial, emotional and mental trauma, but people in the neighbourhood endured psychological trauma. This included arguments, physical violence and sexual abuse,\" said Dr Pratima Murthy, professor and head, Centre for Addiction Medicine, department of psychiatry, Nimhans.The studyThe objective was to study the impact of alcohol misuse on health and socio-economic well-being of users and their families and harm to persons in contact with users.Compared to five years earlier, there's an increasing availability and greater accessibility to alcohol, greater social acceptance of alcohol use and rampant and visible surrogate advertising. Increased prices have not lowered demand.Experts say drinking continues to be mostly a solitary, under-socialized affair, mostly after work and outside home and 50% of the income is spent on alcohol. Alcohol use is not considered a liability in relation to work efficiency. Festive drinking are more common than previously reported.A third of male drinkers and fourth of female users reported that drinking had caused problems in various areas of life like finances, physical health, social life, household responsibilities and personal relationships.\"Just as smoking affects those around, drinking alcohol too has an equally passive effect. Not only the drinkers' family but those in the surroundings are also affected with his behaviour,\" said Dr Vivek Benegal, professor of psychiatry, Centre for Addiction Medicine, Nimhans.Harmful consequencesPersons having contact (40% male non-drinkers and 75% female non-drinkers) with alcohol users (in family or among friends) reported a significantly greater proportion of adverse events than persons without contact. It ranged from physical and emotional violence and injury, monetary loss, failure to live up to responsibilities, social embarrassment and physical deprivation. Non-drinking contacts also had to bear extra responsibilities as drinkers failed to do what was expected of them or had to spend time caring for intoxicated or ill drinkers, the study notes.\"A large part of welfare payments (money distributed for tsunami relief) funded by government or charity organizations was misused to buy alcohol,\" Benegal points out.While co-workers were forced to compensate for reduced productivity alcohol-abusing colleagues, for users, there was an increased likelihood of accidents at work and reduced productivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16444034", "title": "Digital invasion takes palace photographers\u2019 share away", "text": "MYSORE: The advent of digital technology may have reduced the burden of shutterbugs across the globe, but for photographers, who eke out a living by offering a picture-perfect moment to tourists visiting the Mysore Palace, this seems to have turned a bane. Once upon a time, when photographers were a rare breed, they were in great demand for taking photographs of people visiting the tourist spots. They used analogue camera to click photos, took the address of their customers and then posted the pictures.Recalling the yesteryears, Sridhar Sheety, who has been working as a professional photographer on the Palace premises for the past three decades, says: \"Years ago, we used to click pictures, run to the nearest studio to get the photo printed and give it to the visitors. Sometimes, the tourists would have left by then and many photos remained with us only.\"With the introduction of technology, they shifted to Polaroid cameras and now, they use digital cameras. Digital technology has in fact eased the work of photographers. Main advantage is that photos can be given to the customers instantly, but now there are hardly any tourists who want to be clicked by a photographer. All the photographers have the same complaint. Most of the tourists carry with them modern gadgets like iphone, ipad and digital cameras and there is no need for them to depend on photographers. There are 15 photographers in Mysore Palace and they pay Rs 6,000 per year to the government to get the licence to take photos on the premises.\"Our business has been affected as 90% of tourists carry their own cameras or mobiles with high pixel camera,\" photographer Nanjundaswamy says. Echoing the same, photographer Jetty said: \"Earlier, people were ready to be clicked but they were disappointed as we gave them photos very late. Now we are equipped to give photos within a few minutes, but they do not need our service.\"Unlike in the past, when they used to get 30-50 customers every day, now they manage to get 10 persons. They get good business only in summer and on weekends when the tourist inflow is more. Tourist Jaiwardhan feels they all have mobile phones and there is little need to be clicked by professional photographers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16438068", "title": "Tomorrow is Ganesh Chaturthi", "text": "I bow to Vinayaka, who, with glee, holds a half-eaten modaka in His hand, who is the ever-present means of moksha , who has the moon as an ear ornament, who protects all the worlds, who is the single leader for those who have been left leaderless, who destroyed the elephant demon and who swiftly removes the blemishes of those who bow to Him.Adi Sankara, Maha Ganesha Pancharatna StotramHe has one tusk and four arms. Two of his hands hold a noose and a hook, while the other hands show the gestures of remo-ving fear and granting boons. A mouse is seen on his flag. Red, obese, he has ears like winnowing baskets. He is dressed in red, with limbs painted with red sandal paste.Ganapati Upanishad 11-12The significance of riding on a mouse is the complete overcoming of egoism. The holding of the ankusha represents his rule of the world. It is the emblem of divine royalty.Swami Sivananda", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443921", "title": "Policemen imparted mobile banking tips", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 200 policemen ranking from constables to inspectors assembled at Reserve Police Lines to learn mobile banking tips and precautions to be taken during phone banking on Monday. The police headquarter, Allahabad also held a loan mela for its personnel.DSP (Welfare), Aashutosh Mishra told TOI that apart from phone banking tips, a mega specialty health check up was also held whereas a team of doctors examined over 250 policemen and their families and offered medicines free of cost. He added from eye surgeons to child specialists as well as other experts were present on the occasion. The mela was organised under the welfare scheme of the police headquarter.DSP also maintained that personnel from civil police, PAC, power corporation, CBCID, LIU , High court security attended the mega event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442667", "title": "Injured bike riders vanish from hospital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The bikers who rammed their superbike and killed a bicyclist on Sunday have gone missing. Late on Sunday night, the two bikers fled from the VS Hospital where they were admitted after the accident. Police suspect that the bikers may have got themselves admitted to a private hospital.On Sunday, two unidentified bikers riding an Harley Davidson were headed towards Manav Mandir from Vijay Crossroads when they hit two brothers riding a bicycle near the circle, causing grievous injuries. The riders also got dragged up to 50 feet from the spot.\"Our priority was to take the injured to the hospital and thus all four were taken to the VS Hospital. Vinod Yadav, 18, the rider of the bicycle, sustained severe head and body injuries and died during treatment at 10 pm on Sunday. His brother Manoj Yadav, 20, a resident of CN Vidyalaya compound, has filed a complaint against the bike riders for the incident,\" said a Gujarat University (GU) police official.Investigators said that Manoj works as a help with CEPT University for some time. He had called upon his brother Vinod, a resident of Uttar Pradesh, to come to Ahmedabad to get him employment in the city.J R Bhajal, sub-inspector of GU police station, said that they have seized the bike. \"We got to know that one of the riders had dislodged his wrist in the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442226", "title": "Pray for peace, communal amity in UP: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Monday urged the first batch of haj pilgrims to pray for the well being of the state. The CM bid goodbye to the pilgrims at the Haj House, as they proceeded towards the new terminal of the Amausi airport. Shaking hands with some of the pilgrims, the CM said, \"I request all hajis to pray for peace and communal harmony in the state and the wellbeing of all in the country.\"As many as 900 persons started for the haj from Amausi airport in three batches. Officials said that 11,653 pilgrims would embark from the Amausi Airport over the next fortnight. Pilgrims from UP have been divided into three groups on the basis of their embarkation points. Around 10,000 pilgrims from eastern districts would start for their pilgrimage from Babatpur airport in Varanasi, while another 11,000 hailing from districts in western UP would depart from Delhi. In all, more than 32,000 pilgrims from UP would go for haj this year.Chairman of State Haj Committee Mohd Azam Khan, however, could not make it to the ceremony, as he was busy with final preparations for the inauguration ceremony of the Jauhar University in Rampur, senior leaders like ministers for health and family welfare and revenue Ahmed Hasan and Ambika Chowdhury were present on the occasion. Chairperson of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board, Maulana Rabe Hasan Nadwi made special prayers for the pilgrims. \"Sabka Haj Qubool Ho,\" he prayed and the words were followed by a loud \"Ameen\".Taking lessons from the past, the Haj committee introduced two important changes in the arrangements this time to avoid chaos. The first one was to restrict the entry of too many attendants with each pilgrim. Unlike previous years, only one attendant per pilgrim was allowed inside the Haj House. The others were made to wait in the waiting area. \"All sorts of arrangements fell short before the unprecedented footfall of pilgrims and attendants. At times, it led to chaos and posed a risk for stampede like situation,\" recalled an officer on duty.Make-shift snacks stores and shops selling religious material were also kept away from the main premises. Instead, a cafeteria was made inside the haj house and items were sold at maximum retail price. \"Every year people complained that shop-keepers were charging exorbitantly for eatables. Still, irrespective of the price, there was no dearth of buyers. So, the premise of the Haj House turned into a mini fair making crowd management a little difficult,\" said a Haj Committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445922", "title": "24 Frames\u2019s 'Missing' on Star Plus gets its cast", "text": "Much has been reported about, Nandita Mehra and Bhairavi Raichura churning out for two dailies on small screen. Yesterday(17 th September, 2012) TOI.com wrote about Shraddha Nigam's comeback to television with 24 Frames's next on Star Plus.  However, this Star Plus's thriller based show has been tentatively christened as 'Missing'. For the same,the makers have roped in few biggies to be part of the series.Accordingly, Akshay Anand, Ayaz Ahmed, Amit Behl, Anuj Saxena have been finalized to portray male pivotal roles while Ritu Chaudhary and Sadhika Randhawa will also join hands with the rest of the cast.If sources are to be believed then the pilot shoot for this particular show is done and if things fall in place then the show will soon go on the floors.\"It's in the nascent stage and I will not be able to comment any on the same at this moment,\" said Ritu Chaudhary.We tried contacting Sadhika Randhawa and Amit Behl but both remained unavailable for the comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16443711", "title": "Works on sewage treatment plant at Ondipudur to begin soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The much delayed sewage treatment plant proposed at Ondipudur as part of the ongoing under ground drainage system overseen by the city municipal corporation will eventually be realised. The civic body is expected to complete the exercise of land acquisition from private land holders and has so far acquired about 13 acres of land. The documentation of about one acre of land is expected to be completed soon, out of the total 14.4 acre of land identified to set up the plant. The delay in documentation is due to some internal dispute among private land owners who have already given their consent in principal to hand over the property to the civic body.\"The land acquisition for the sewage treatment plant in Ondipudur is on the verge of completion. These land holdings now belong to Coimbatore Corporation and the remaining procedural work to set up the sewage treatment plant will be initiated in soon,\" said a senior corporation official.The city corporation had decided to come up with a sewage treatment plant as part of its underground drainage project being implemented under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme. The civic body had identified 14.4 acre of land which belonged to various private individuals along the banks of Noyyal river in Itteri near Ondipudur. Officials claimed that the total compensation disbursed to the land owners amounted to about Rs 13 crore.\"The entire process was smooth and now the corporation will erect proper fencing and also earmark the site location before construction begins,\" said a corporation employee. The proposed plant at Ondipudur is expected to have 60 mld capacity at an estimated cost of Rs 51.2 crore with sequence batch reactor treatment facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16443044", "title": "Retired headmasters cry foul over non payment of arrears", "text": "TRICHY: A large number of retired headmasters on Monday complained to the Trichy collector that they were not getting their pension arrears and the minimum pension amount of Rs 10,500, as recommended by the Central Pay Commission, despite repeated pleas. They alleged that they were a number of irregularities in the disbursement of their dues and the district elementary education department in Trichy had made a mess of the whole process of disbursing the pensions and the arrears.There are about 250 retired headmasters from Trichy district and a large number of them, numbering about 66, hail from Thathangaiyaar Pettai on the outskirts of Trichy alone. These headmasters are organised under the banner of Retired College and School Teachers Association. Aathi Gurusamy, state secretary of the association claimed that though the state government had already allotted Rs 22 crore to reimburse the arrears, the district education department was refusing them their due. Even the district collector had categorically informed the education department to disburse the arrears, but the officials steadfastly sat on it, alleged Gurusamy.On September 12, a number of them sat in a dharna in front of the assistant education officer's office at Thathangaiyaar Pettai, but to no avail. Later, a special grievances day was organised in which collector Jayashree Muralidharan told the education officials to reimburse the cash due to the old people, but once again the payout was dragged on. The education officials reasoned that the government had not indeed allotted the amount and the government order had to be verified once again in the light of the conflicting orders.Gurusamy said the retired headmasters would get anywhere between Rs 1.5 and Rs 2 lakh as arrears and it would be helpful to them, if they got the amount before they breathed their last. Some of the teachers, who migrated to other states got as little as Rs 2,500 as their monthly pension as their names were not updated with the recommended increase in the pay commission recommendations. At present, these headmasters get between Rs 7,000 and Rs 9,000 per month and as per the revised norm they claimed they would get at least Rs 300 more a month. Gurusamy said that others districts had already implemented the recommendations and only Trichy was lagging behind. They are planning to hold a massive demonstration in front of the district education officer's office next month, if a solution was not sorted out by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441683", "title": "Double glory for Dark Don Racing in National Racing Championship", "text": "MUMBAI: Dark Don Racing team's Ashwin Sundar, Arjun Balu and Feroze Khan stole the limelight to gain a double win each in different categories, at the end of Round 4 of the 15th JK Tyre National Racing Championship, at Sriperumbudur on Sunday.In the Volkswagen Polo R Cup races, Mumbai's Ameya Walavalkar returned the best lap timings. In the second race, Sandeep Kumar of Chennai finished first, followed by Saurav Bandyopadhay (Mumbai) and Deigo Duez (Mexico).In the last and third event of this round in the LGB Formula 4 category, Chennai-based Ashwin, who had won the first race and finished second in the next, stood out from the rest.With two wins from three races, Ashwin leads the pack with four more races to go (two rounds) remaining. In the Indian Touring Cars Class race, Coimbatore's Balu kept his cool to live up to his top billing.Standings :Volkswagen Polo R Cup: Ameya Walavalkar (274 pts), Sandeep Kumar (247), Avdumber Hede (221) LGB Formula 4: Ashwin Sundar (111), Saran Vikram (86), Sudarshana Rao (82)Indian Touring Cars: Arjun Balu (118), Vijaykumar Rajvirdhan (93), Leelakrishnan (81)Indian Jr Touring Cars: Fahad Kutty (137), Feroze Khan (136), Diljith Shaji (115)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441337", "title": "Doctors leave behind surgical cloth in woman\u2019s abdomen", "text": "CHENNAI: A complaint of medical negligence has been filed against doctors who left behind a surgical cloth inside the abdomen of a 30-year-old woman after a cesarean section in February this year.Nearly seven months later, the surgical cloth was removed by another doctor on Monday. The patient is said to be in a critical condition. On Monday, Tondiarpet police issued a community service register against three doctors - Dr Rajendran, Dr Shanthi and Dr Vasanthamani - working at the Malligai Hospital in Tondiarpet for negligence.Police said the woman, Ajitha, was operated on February 24. \"Ever since the operation, she did not breastfeed our baby. She constantly complained of pain in the stomach, vomiting and giddiness. We told the doctors but they ignored it for long,\" said her husband Mahesh, who works as a civil contractor.Dr Rajendran, who heads Malligai Hospital wasn't available for comment.On Sunday the family rushed the woman to another private hospital. Scan reports showed that a 'foreign' material in her abdomen. \"We have removed the surgical pad from the stomach. But the patient is extremely critical,\" said Dr P Nellaiappar of Vandana Hospital, where she is being treated.Nearly seven months later, the surgical cloth was removed by another doctor on Monday. The patient is said to be in a critical state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446668", "title": "Israel's India connection", "text": "Recently, an Israeli TV advertisement featured a well-known model braving the streets of Dharavi, then entering a run-down guest house, taking a bath with the soaps and shampoos being promoted and suddenly feeling as if she were in a grand five-star hotel. Israeli fascination with India, you might say? A few years ago, a leading telecom company, trying to promote low cost international calls, also chose an India theme - a popular TV celebrity (and advertising face of the telecom company) enters a youth hostel in Delhi frequented by Israelis, the proprietor (excellently portrayed by an Indian actor) recognizes him, familiarity turns to hostility with the proprietor vehemently complaining about the unending number of calls he has to answer from Israel because of the cheap rates offered by the company, and ending the conversation by threatening to turn the shocked celeb into a \"chapatti\".Still not convinced about Israeli fascination with India? India is a very popular destination for Israeli backpackers, so no surprises there when another leading consumer company chose the Indian backdrop of Dharamsala, depicting a young Israeli backpacker searching for his girlfriend in the valley, with the local village population singing a popular Hebrew romantic song and passing the message to his beloved who then find each other reminiscent of the Hindi movies. Fascination or rather fixation you might say? Well, here's one more - recently the government introduced competition in the Israeli mobile space, which was until then controlled by just three big companies. The fierce competition lead to heavy advertising campaigns, and of course as you may have guessed, one of them chose India for their pitch as well - an Israeli comes to India and enters a taxi, the taxi driver gives him a fixed price, the perplexed traveler asks him about the fixed price and to where, the answer (with a bhangra twist in the background) - \"unlimited, wherever you want to go\" referring to the unlimited call plans being heavily promoted by all the rivals.It's not just the advertising space, but a number of TV serials have also been entirely shot in India. Indian art and cultural events are also highly popular. Unlike North America or Europe which have a significant Indian origin population, Israel has a very small population of Indian Jews, so much of this appeal originates essentially from Israelis travelling to India for business or pleasure and enjoying the freedom India has to offer. Fascination or fixation, one thing is clear: Brand India has made its mark in Israel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443333", "title": "Army man confesses to killing wife", "text": "NASHIK: An army man Lance Naik Akbar Khan (28), whose wife was found dead in mysterious circumstances on September 7, has reportedly confessed that he along with three others killed his wife, as he wanted to marry his sister-in-law.Cops have pressed murder charges against the accused and the three accomplices.Afsana Begam Akbar Khan (28), was found dead under mysterious cisituation on September 7, in the OG Line staff quarters at Deolali Camp. It was discovered later that the victim had been Afsana Begam was choked to death following which her husband was picked up for interrogation following which he confessed to the murder. .Police said that while it was initially tough to get Akbar to speak make the army man get speaking, he subsequently confessed to murder.Cops said the accused was in a relationship with his sister-in-law, who is a resident of Bhind. After Afsana Begam gave birth to her second child, her younger sister had been to their place to assist her to take care of the young one.Subsequently, the accused developed an intimate relationship with his his sister-in-law, which grew further over the years as the accused frequented Bhind.Police added that the accused visited Bhind between August 4 and 24. His sister-in-law apparently his sister-in-law had forced him to marry her at that time. as her parents were finding a bridegroom for him.Akbar therefore hatched a plan to kill his wife and roped in his nephews to help him execute it. to marry her younger sister The accused also included his nephew and two others in the plan.As decided the plan was executed on the evening of September 7 at around 4.00 pm. Accused Akbar Khan, Akram Khan and one more person chocked Afsana Begam to death, while the fourth accused kept a watch outside the house. A couple of hours later, the incident came to light and Afsana Begam was shifted to the military hospital. The accused contended that he joined his duty at 4pm on the day of the murder but cops discovered that he had reached work at police investigations found that he reached duty at 4.45 pm.A team of the Deolali Camp police has left for Bhind for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16442859", "title": "College claims scholarship for student not on its rolls", "text": "WARDHA: Not long after some students of Agnihotri group of colleges were found writing exam papers at home, with the connivance of some college officials, the group is facing a new controversy. The Agnihotri college was found to have claimed scholarship amount over two years for a girl never admitted to their college.Rina Suresh Gore, a student belonging to the nomadic tribes, had taken admission to Shriman Narayan polytechnic, Pipri. When she applied for her freeship (tuition) and scholarship, she was informed by the department of social welfare that her money had been already received by Agnihotri College.The Agnihotri college had informed the department that this girl was studying there in the third year of polytechnic course. The department also claimed that tuition fees and scholarship for two years had been already withdrawn by the college.When Narayan polytechnic principal Mohan Shirbhate asked the student if she had received any money, she said no. Shirbhate then conducted an inquiry and the actual picture emerged. He said, \"Rina had taken admission in Babulal Agnihotri college for standard XI and XII but she failed to pass HSC. Later, she took admission in our college. However, the earlier college used her documents to take her scholarship fee.\"Rina said, \"I was never admitted to any polytechnic course in any college before Narayan. My documents were apparently used to draw my scholarship and tuition fees.\"Shirbhate confirmed Rina's claim and said Rs 30,400 of scholarship amount had been claimed by Agnihotri college.Sachin Agnihotri, joint secretary of Mahakali Shikshan Santhan, which runs the Agnihotri group of colleges, however said that this was a technical problem. When asked how something like this was possible, he said, \"It is a computer error. In a similar case, the scholarship money of seven students from my college is going to another institute in Wardha.\"However, sources said such an 'error' is not possible since two different boards, state board and MSBTE, process the scholarships. This is a case of scholarship scam that happened in Wardha and across Maharashtra, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16444009", "title": "Naxalites fail to keep off trekkers", "text": "MANGALORE: The Naxalite activity in the Western Ghats range which spreads across three districts \u2014 Chikmagalur, Dakshina Kannada and Shimoga \u2014 has not scared off any avid trekkers. The numbers available with the Kudremukh range forest department show that there is regular trekking activity, which only sees numbers drop during monsoon. As per the statistics, the Basrikallu Gate entry point has recorded 953 visitors from August 2011 till August this year.While the December and March months see maximum number of trekkers entering the Kudremukh area, the numbers go down drastically during monsoon months of July to September. The range has recorded a maximum of 181 visitors in March this year, followed by 173 in December last year.The favourite hot spots of trekkers include Kudremukh peak, Gangadikal peak and Kurinjal peak, which are about 19-32 km from the Basrikallu Gate. The forest department guides accompany teams during the trek. The entry fee to the Kudremukh National Park area is Rs 200 and the trekking fee is Rs 75.The department sets a time limit to trekkers to return by 6pm from the park area.Anti Naxal Force Inspector General of Police Alok Kumar told The Times of India that trekking activity had not seen any dip due to Naxalite activity being reported in the Western Ghats region. \"When government officials visit Naxalite-affected areas, we have to be circumspect, otherwise there is no problem,\" he said. Karkala range deputy conservator of forests Prakash Natelkar concurred with Alok saying that trekking had not been affected by Naxalite activity in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16443686", "title": "Govt closely monitoring anti-nuclear protesters: Narayanasamy", "text": "COIMBATORE: The government is closely monitoring the anti-nuclear protesters in Kudankulam and there is a strong evidence of foreign agencies provoking the protest, said minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy here on Monday.Speaking to reporters after addressing a seminar on 'Energy security of India- Future Challenges' at Kalaivani College of Technology here, he said that nuclear energy is the way to meet the increasing power requirement of the country.Claiming that local people are convinced about safety of the nuclear plant in Kudankulam, Narayanasamy said a few foreign agencies and some vested interests are fuelling the agitation and trying to slow down the progress.A lot of information about involvement of foreign hand in the agitation had come to light after investigations made by the Union home ministry, he added.He said as the scientist community and the Supreme Court had cleared the safety aspects of the plant, agitators should accept it. The minister pointed out that the Kalpakkam nuclear plant is operating without any major disasters for the past 11 years.Narayanasamy said the government is confident of commissioning the first unit of the Kudankulam nuclear power project in two months as 99% of the works are over.\"We only need to load uranium in the first unit for its functioning. While only 5% works remain in the second unit to be completed, almost all construction activities were over,\" he said.On Tamil Nadu's demand for allocation of entire power to be generated from the KNPP to the state, he said the Centre was looking into the issue.\"It is under the serious consideration of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . A good decision will be taken on the matter,\" he said.While addressing the students earlier, he said 45% of country's energy requirement is met through coal, which affects the environment and is costly. The wind energy cannot be relied on completely and solar is too expensive, he added.The only way to meet the immediate power requirement of the nation is nuclear energy, which is an alternate, clean and cheapest energy, he added.He said the national requirement for power is 2.45 lakh MW, however only 2 lakh MW is being produced. In the 12{+t}{+h} five year plan, the Centre is planning to achieve 70,000 MW of production.He said the nuclear energy is safe and countries like the US produces one lakh Mega Watt and France meets 60% of its energy requirement through nuclear plant.India has signed an agreement with the Russia, France, the US and South Korea for producing power through nuclear plants, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16441434", "title": "Vijayawada reels under power cuts", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The power crisis has worsened in Vijayawada with the APTransco resorting to unscheduled power cuts in the night in the guise of maintaining 'power quota'. In addition to the daytime power lay-offs for 5-6 hours, Vijayawada and several mandal headquarters are facing power cuts for nearly 3-5 hours at night. The situation is pathetic in the rural areas with14-15 hour power cuts.Transco officials cut off power supply at 11pm on Sunday, only to restore the supply around 3am. At some places supply was restored around 5am as the authorities again resorted to shutdown at 7.30am on Monday. Fed up, the SPDCL officials entered into a wordy duel with senior Transco officials. Angry residents of Mutyalampadu, Singhnagar and Moghulrajapuram areas staged protests near Singhnagar sub-station and tried to attack the officials.Transco was caught in a piquant situation over managing the 'quota' following the kharif demand reaching its peak in Telangana region. While SPDCL required 1,900 MW on a daily basis, a cap was fixed at 1,300 MW. \"It is a fact that the quota was fixed long ago and there is a need to revise it taking the latest demand and other factors into consideration,\" said Rajabapaiah, chief engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443327", "title": "Does the escape in Siolim of a suspect in a theft case indicate police inefficiency?", "text": "I would say that the convict's escape was not only due to inefficiency, but also due to sheer negligence. It is shocking that a small time rogue could hoodwink four policemen and escape. At least two cops should have been inside the doctor's cabin at the Siolim primary health centre. The incident could have taken a dangerous turn had the convict assaulted the doctor, nurses and other staff. The fleet-footed escapee must be having a hearty laugh, while the cops are still groping in the dark.Xavier Fernandes Seaman, SiolimIt is not that the police are inefficient, the problem is that they are not equipped or trained to fight the type of crime and criminals coming to Goa over the last few years. It is a failure in the system not the police personnel as the criminals coming to Goa are hardcore and intelligent and can easily hoodwink the police as happened in Siolim. So what our police need are case studies which will help them to think critically and intelligently.Raj Chodankar Businessman, BetimPolice are efficient when it comes to ensuring that motorists are following the helmet or seat belt rule. However, when it comes to tackling the crime rate, their efficiency disappears. A solution to this problem is the reinforcement of the police force with dedicated and efficient officers and freedom from political interference.Mahesh Rane Filmmaker, MapusaYes, the inefficiency of Goa police is evident in this incident. It is also reflected by the crime detection rate as compared to the rate at which the crimes are being committed. This marks another failure for them. Goa being a popular tourist destination, the police need to improve on this. They definitely have the capability to do so.Sarvesh Shirodkar Systems administrator, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16444362", "title": "Cusat documentary film fest from Sep 24", "text": "KOCHI: Aiming to encourage debate on environment-related subjects among students and the public, the youth welfare department in Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) will organize a documentary film festival, 'Reel Earth: Environmental Film Festival of Cusat 2012', from September 24 to 28. The festival will exhibit documentaries from across the world.P Rajeeve MP will inaugurate the fest in the presence of B Bhadra, deputy mayor of Kochi Corporation, on Monday at the School of Marine Sciences auditorium. K Ramachandran Thekkedath, vice-chancellor, and A Ramachandran, registrar of Cusat, will also speak at the inaugural function.After the inauguration, Tropical Rain Forests directed by Ben Shed will be exhibited in the School of Marine Sciences auditorium. On the second day, The Plastic Cow, directed by Kunal Vohra, will be screened in the School of Management Studies. An Inconvenient Truth, directed by Davis Guggenheim, will be shown on Wednesday and on the next day, Deep Sea directed by Howard Hall will be exhibited.As part of it programme to create environment awareness, the university will assist the screening of these documentaries in government and aided schools in the neighbourhood. For more details contact: P K Baby, director, Youth Welfare Department on 9447508345.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442199", "title": "One cylinder a day, keeps rules at bay", "text": "LUCKNOW: The liquefied petroleum gas cylinder bomb the Union cabinet dropped on Thursday the 13th, has thrown light once again on the backdoors and illegal ways of procuring cooking gas cylinder refills. While investigating data on the transparency portals available till August 24, TOI found that as many as 132 cylinders were issued to a single user in Lucknow in the past 146 days. The cylinders were issued to Surya Officers Mess, HQCC near MB Club since April 1, 2012. Not much behind, an individual consumer Vijay Shankar Bajpai of Rajajipuram has taken 65 cylinders in this financial year. The consumption pattern: Bajpai consumes roughly a cylinder every alternate day!LPG distributors in the city say that certain entities like army canteens, mid-day meal programmes and school laboratories are given 'exempted connections' whose refill limits exceed normal consumers'. But under the new guidelines all these exemptions would be done away with and even these consumers will have to buy the seventh cylinder at the market rate.According to the transparency portals hosted by the state-owned oil firms, 86,297 consumers in Lucknow have already availed six or more refills in this financial year. The website provides all information related to bookings for cooking gas. Interestingly, there are only three Indane consumers in Lucknow who haven't taken a single refill in the past five months. Distributors claim the booking software automatically deactivates consumers who don't book a single refill in six months.\"While the usage pattern depends on individuals, there might also be instances of dealers fraudulently showing bookings in certain names and actually diverting the subsidised refills to commercial establishments,\" says Shabana Nasreen, a homemaker who is obviously worried about the LPG cap. Commercial users are supposed to buy the fuel at market rate, which is around Rs 346 higher than the subsidised rate (see graphic).\"Company wants consumers to use cooking gas efficiently and avoid misuse. For genuine customers like staff canteens, mid-day meal programmes, hospitals, school laboratories and student hostels, the company provides 'exempted connections' whose refill limits are more than that of a domestic consumer. But the Indian mentality of chalta-hai is responsible for 'helping' unauthorised users procure gas refills,\" says an Indane gas distributor in the city.The government on September 13 restricted the supply of subsidised cooking gas to six cylinders per household in a year. Further, it has been decided that irrespective of the number of cylinders consumed since the beginning of the financial year, LPG consumers will receive three more cylinders at the existing subsidised rate till March, 2013. This rule will affect normal domestic consumers along with all other 'exempted connections' including school laboratories, mid-day meal programmes, army canteens, hospitals and government student hostels.By this calculation, although consumers will not be required immediately to buy cylinders at the non-subsidised rates, the alarming misuse of subsidy and shortage of regulatory mechanism is clearly visible. The oil companies have the requisite data available on the public domain but no strict action has been taken as yet. When a family with normal LPG usage can run at 12 cylinders a year, how was an individual issued 65 cylinders in 5 months?When TOI looked for answers, distributors said that usage of 12-15 cylinders a year is normal but when the usage raises past 20, they scan customers while delivering and unauthorised usage is tapped.Scanning through the portal, TOI found that one address has two gas connections with combined refill of 45 gas cylinders since April 1. Most of the 'defaulters' are subscribed to Indane gas service. There are as many as seven consumers who took more than 36 cylinders in the last 4 months. Interestingly, VIP consumers comparatively consume less number of cooking gas cylinders. SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's consumption of 13 cylinders in 5 months tops the chart. According to data given by Arunodaya Gas Service (Indane), chief minister's residence has refilled just two cylinders since April 1.The combined LPG connections under Indane, Bharat Gas and HP in Lucknow is 7,57,577. Of these, Ratna Sagar Gas Service (Indane) handles the highest number of customers at 24,645. The market share of Indane is roughly 61.45% in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442150", "title": "PCTE Group of Institutes fest: 22 junior, 27 senior teams to take part", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of PCTE Group of Institutes are all geared up for \"Koshish '12\", a week-long festival, which started on Monday.During the week-long festival, literary events include business plan, British parliamentary debate, case presentation, JAM, quiz, software development, portfolio management, among others. The fine art events, include rangoli, canvas painting, cartooning and face painting, while the cultural events, include solo dance, western solo song, folk dance boys and girls, choreography and fashion show. Events like Ad Quest, photography will have special attraction for the students where they will explore their creative skills.In total, 22 teams will be participating in junior and 27 teams in senior wing.On the first day of the festival, case presentation event (senior wing) saw MCA-IA win the first prize. PGDM-I and PGDM-II got the second and third prizes, respectively. In junior wing, BCA-II B won the first prize, BBA-IB and BBA-IIB won second and third prizes, respectively. In portfolio management, (junior wing) B-pharmacy-I won first prize, BCA-IC and BBA-IIB won second and third prizes, respectively. In senior wing, MCA-III won first and second positions and B-pharmacy-IV won the third prize.Dr K N S Kang, director general PCTE Group of Institutes said, \"One of the key pillars of effective education apart from impeccable pedagogy is the co-curricular culture of any institution. Such festivals help students in developing team spirit, cultural brotherhood and leadership skills. These skills will help the students to compete in highly competitive environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16443011", "title": "'Use tech advances to help kids with disabilities'", "text": "NAGPUR: When a child suffers from a disability, whether it is physical or psychological, the people around him have to be conditioned to his situation. Several behavioural and attitudinal changes have to be brought into the people around a child with special needs to make his life a little more comfortable.As the National Conference on Childhood Disability organized by city chapter of Indian Academy of Paediatricians drew to an end, doctors discussed the adjustments that the society, family, teachers and friends of the children with special needs could make.Consultant paediatric neurologist from Bangalore Dr Minal Kekatpure said, \"It is an emotionally and physically draining job to take care of a child with special needs. It can take a toll on the life of the entire family. We suggest that the parents and siblings of such children should participate in regular family therapy sessions for help.\" The government should also work towards making travelling and other activities easier for these children to give them more access to many other facilities, she said.Dr Suchit Tamboli, a paediatrician from Ahmednagar terms the family and friends of these children as gatekeepers. \"These gatekeepers should learn to assess the strengths and weaknesses of the children. The strengths then have to be developed and the weaknesses to be assisted,\" he said. He gives the example of a deaf and mute patient of his who was found to be a good swimmer. After much encouragement from his family, he became a professional swimmer, has won gold medals at national competitions and even crossed the English Channel last year.\"Technological advances have equipped us with the ability to make the lives of those having disabilities better. There are several devices like a robotic chair with motion sensors, navigator bracelets, eye writing tools, Braille e-books among many others that can be taken help of. We have even developed a technique for intrauterine surgery that can prevent disability even before a child is born,\" said paediatrician Dr Rajiv Mohta. He says that even elite institutes like IIT-Kanpur and IIT-Delhi have a separate medical engineering department for conducting research towards this end.\"It is not just sympathy but empathy that should be given to such children. Parents should not feel shy or guilty to have them. In government offices and doctors' clinics, they should not be made to wait for long. One needs to put oneself in their shoes to understand and end the challenges they feel,\" said Dr Uday Bodhakar, patron of the conference and general secretary of the Commonwealth Association for Health and Disability.Dr Chhaya Prasad, who works at Chandigarh's Regional Institute of Mentally Handicapped (RIMH), said that there are not many institutes that cater to the need of persons with disability. \"At our hospital, we have programmes like mother and child interactive programme, a special preparatory course for children before sending them to schools. Families with such a child must seek help from professionals to help them adjust to the many changes they have to make in their lives and that of the children,' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442138", "title": "Thursday strike won't hit public transport", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST will arrange for police protection and fix grilles on the windscreens of their buses for Thursday, when the NDA has called a strike against the increase in diesel prices. The undertaking will, however, run fewer buses between 6am and 8am.While taxi and auto unions will not support the bandh, but they maintained their drivers might go off roads if violence erupted. Suburban trains will run as usual.\"We will take adequate precaution as the BEST incurred losses of lakhs of rupees during previous bandhs and the Azad Maidan protest.We have asked the police to provide constables to protect our drivers, conductors and passengers,\" said BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil. He added that grilles would be installed on windscreens of BEST buses and fewer buses will ply during morning hours.\"From 6am to 8am, we will cut down on our fleet strength by 60 %. Instead of five buses on a particular route, only two buses will ply.\" On spots and routes where we have faced violence, we have asked for more police bandobast and will ply fewer buses.\"Autos and taxis will be out on the streets as usual. have decided to operate vehicles in full strength on bandh day.\"Our drivers will be on the roads since early morning hours.But if there is any incident of stone pelting or violence, drivers may go off roads. A driver earns Rs 200 daily and a stone damaging his vehicle can cost him Rs 500,\" said auto leader Thampy Kurien. Taxi union leader A L Quadros also assured that cabs would ply. as would not support the bandh and taxis will be available at domestic/international airports and outside prominent railway stations. \"If there is a serious law and order problem, our drivers will be forced to stay off roads.\"The government should ensure that cabbies and automen are protected when they ferry passengers,\" he said.A railway spokesperson said Western and Central railways, including Harbour Line, would not participate in the strike. \"To prevent rail rokos, GRP and RPF personnel will be deployed in large numbers at suburban stations,\" We will also have policemen and home guards patrolling the compartments,\" he said. Railway cops will also have officials in mufti outside slum pockets to prevent cases of stone pelting.MSRTC public relations officer Mukund Dhus said AC Volvo uses from Mumbai to Pune, Nashik, Bengaluru and other places would operate as usual. Transporters, however, will go on strike from Tuesday midnight.In that case, thousands of trucks and trailers could be off the roads. However, there are indications that the transporters' association may postpone its stir in view of the Ganesh festival which begins from Wednesday.Schools in Mumbai are yet to decide if the institutes will stay shut on Thursday, but Mumbai University will be open. Most school principals have left the decision up to parents, while others will take the final call by Wednesday evening. \"It is too early to decide now. We will tell the parents on Wednesday if the school will be open on Thursday,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal of Holy Family High School, Andheri (E). But a university official said, \"We are a semi-government body and we will not onserve the bandh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441950", "title": "Caveat in SC over gutka ban", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Bombay high court (HC) upheld the decision of the state cabinet to ban gutka and paan masala, the food and drug administration on Monday filed a caveat before the Supreme Court (SC).\"After the HC refused to stay the ban on gutka and paan masala, and justified the ban, we filed a caveat before the apex court so that if gutka manufacturers move SC, our plea will be heard before any order is passed,\" a senior FDA official told ToI.After a prolonged delay of over a decade, the state cabinet had on July 11 decided to ban sale, manufacture, stocking and consumption of gutka and paan masala and accordingly, an official notification was issued on July 19. Subsequently, on July 28, more than a dozen gutka and paan masala manufacturers had filed a writ petition before the high court, challenging the ban.The contention of the FDA was that the ban order well within the provisions of the food safety and standards act, which empowers the FDA commissioner to impose the ban for a period of one year, which may be extended. \"We took the stringent step to ban gutkha and paan masala in view of its ill-effects. Several studies have confirmed that oral cancer is caused by consumption of gutkha and paan masala,\" he said.Significantly, immediately after the notification to ban gutkha and paan masala, the FDA led by commissioner Mahesh Zagde immediately swung into action. \"We launched a state wide drug against the gutkha and paan masala manufacturers and so far we have seized gutkha and paan masala worth Rs 10 crore,\" he said.Further the official said, despite the fact that the cabinet took a bold decision, there was mounting pressure on the FDA to go slow on implementation of the ban order. \"It's a fact that there was pressure, but owing to support from the NGOs and determination of the FDA, it was able to seize such a massive quantity of gutkha and paan masala,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442701", "title": "Sena women activists ransack PDS office", "text": "NAGPUR: A group of Shiv Sena women activists ransacked the office of Food and Civil Supplies department situated in Cotton Market on Monday.The group led by Aarti Borkar, president of Shiv Sena women's wing, Central Nagpur unit, reached the office in the afternoon and found only one woman staffer present in the entire premises. Borkar told TOI that there was no one to hear the complaints. \"We demanded improvement in distribution of foodgrains under public distribution system (PDS). Total 150 PDS shops come under the jurisdiction of this office. But no one was ready to take cognisance. We had submitted a memorandum giving ultimatum to the official for solving the problems few days ago. A clerk from the office sent objectionable message of one of my woman activists. Following absence of officials and staffers, we decided to go by Sena's style of agitation,\" she said.Borkar added that there were many complaints from the beneficiaries of below poverty line (BPL) families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443886", "title": "Low rate of violent crimes in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When it comes to analyzing incidences and rate of violent crime, the Sangam city ranks fourth among KAVAL towns. Lucknow topped the chart with a total of 10,538 cognizable crime cases registered under different sections of IPC in year 2011 as the statistics revealed by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). Similarly, Agra with 10,290 cases stood second while Kanpur and Allahabad registered 7,661 and 6,256 cases stood third and fourth respectively. Varanasi has registered 3,021 cognizable crime cases.In Allahabad alone, 156 cases of murders, 126 cases of attempt of murder, 67 cases of rape, 220 cases of kidnapping/abduction, 8 cases of dacoity, 88 cases of robbery, 257 cases of burglary and 1,390 including 970 cases of auto thefts were registered in police records in year 2011.While highest 181 murder, 20 dacoity and 185 robbery cases were registered in Taj city, Varanasi recorded least cases of rape, dacoity, robbery, theft and murders among the KAVAL Towns.In fact, UP had registered a total of 32,987 violent cases with 12.9 % share to all India crime. Statistics reveal that a total of 4951 cases of murders, 4653 cases of attempts of murder, 2,042 rapes, 379 dacoities, 8,500 cases of abductionkidnapping and 3,148 robbery cases were registered in police records across the state in year 2011, according to NCRB.Ironically, the national capital is termed as the most violent city. Delhi accounted for almost 10% of crimes reported from India's 53 mega cities that have over a population of 10 lakh each.The NCRB's statistics also revealed that West Bengal is most cruel towards women, MP is country's rape capital and Kerala has the highest rate of violent crimes.Pointedly, Uttar Pradesh accounts for 33.4% of total crimes in the country. Analysis also reveals that crimes under various section of IPC has registered a 2.5% rise in 2011 over previous year, while crimes under special and local laws - such as Arms Act and Gambling Act-have declined by 7.4%.Statistics further revealed that number of murders has increased by 250% since 1953, while rape has gone up by 873% and kidnapping and abduction by 749%.Country's 53 mega cities have been seeing a spurt in criminal activity and are more violent than the states in which they are located. Delhi, Kanpur, Mumbai and Bengaluru accounted for 9.9%, 7.3%, 6.7% and 6.3% of criminal activities, respectively.Statistics claims crime against women has been steadily rising. Altogether, 2.28 lakh incidents of crime against women were reported in 2011 as compared to 2.13 lakh in the previous year.There has been a substantial rise in custodial deaths. It was 104 in 2011 against only 70 in 2010. The report has revealed how cyber crime in the country has almost doubled in the past one year. While in 2010, 966 such crimes were registered in the country, it increased to 1,791 cases in 2011.A senior cop preferring anonymity told TOI \" we have been taking preventive measures to check the rising graph of violent cases and thana cops have been issued a set of directives in the same regard\". He added that \" dispute registers\" are being maintained at all 39 police stations with an objective to check the cases of murders or attempt to murders\"\"If we are able to pretty offences then we would surely be able to check heinous or violent ones\" admitted the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16443687", "title": "Signature drive by students for union polls", "text": "KANPUR: The student leaders of DAV PG college launched a signature campaign to demand holding of the student body elections. The students hung a banner on the college premises and requested fellow students to write a message on the canvas demanding from the college management to conduct the elections.The college management on the other hand is in no mood to conducting the student polls in the light of the attack by student leaders on a number of teachers at Kotwali police station in the presence of several Samajwadi Party leaders last month.While teachers of the college have expressed their inability to conduct the polls in the absence of proper security, the students have been mounting pressure on the college for holding elections. The issue remains unresolved.The student leaders are now planning to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16441052", "title": "Green fodder banks to curb man-animal conflict", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a bid to reduce the growing incidence of man-animal conflict in Coimbatore region, the Tamil Nadu forest department plans to develop green fodder banks in key elephant populated areas in the district at a cost of Rs 3.45 crore.According to district forest officer V Thirunavukarasu, green fodder banks would be developed in a total of 240 hectares identified in Solakarai near Walayar, Athikadavu near Karamadai, Sadhanakola and Odanthurai in Mettupalayam, Thanikandi in Boluvampatti, Koodapatti in Periyanaickenpalayam and Kulukumaduvu near Sirumugai.Planting of trees would begin with the onset of the North East monsoon. Once the trees reach maturity, they will ensure rich fodder for jumbos during dry months. With adequate fodder inside the forest area, the animals will not be inclined to stray outside.Saplings have already been developed in a special nursery at Mettupalayam. They include pipel, banyan, wild mango, wild jack fruit, bamboo and teak varieties. Seeds of two grass varieties will also be sowed in the forest areas. A few water ponds will be created close to the green fodder banks.``Initially, we planned to plant the trees in June with the arrival of South West monsoon. But the failed monsoon changed our plans,\" said Thirunavukarasu. According to him, this is the first phase of the project and areas like Thondamuthur, Anaikatti, Kurudampalayam and Mangarai in the Western ghats will be included in it in the next phase.The fodder bank idea was formulated after chief minister J Jayalalithaa suggested that steps be taken to ensure green fodder inside the forests. A government order in this regard was released on December 14, 2011 by principal secretary to government C V Sankar. The GO permits the forest department to create fodder plantations to improve wildlife habitats for a five-year period commencing January. The amount released for this purpose across is Rs 22 crore.The project would focus on cultivating grass and trees of indigenous species. \"There would be two kinds of plants and trees, those which can meet immediate consumption needs and those which moderately grow but ensure a permanent fodder bank,'' said Thirunavukarasu.The department is also building salt licks near water holes in the migratory corridor to supplement the mineral requirement of elephants with the expectation that the jumbos will stay within the restricted migratory route and not stray into human habitations. Construction of check dams and percolation ponds will satisfy the thirst of animals in summer and also facilitate storage in water bodies, the official said.\"An adult elephant consumes 240kg to 260kg of food every day. It spends at least 18 hours grazing. Over 70% of its food needs are available in the reserved forest. In Coimbatore, the green bank will come up in 100 hectares in reserved forests frequented by elephant herds,\" said Thirunavukarasu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "the jesuit fathers of pedro arrupe institute, raia, will organize a seminar on the topic 'eucharist", "code": "16443212", "title": "Seminar on the Eucharist", "text": "The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, will organize a seminar on the topic 'Eucharist: The sacrament of love' on September 22 and 23 at its premises. On September 22, the seminar will be conducted from 5pm to 8pm, while on September will be held from 9am to 2pm. The last date to register is the September 21. For details and registration call on 8805570108, 2776917 or 2858323; or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com.Birth centenary celebrations of tiatrist Aleixinho de Candolim: The villagers of Candolim will celebrate birth centenary of the tiatr artiste late Aleixinho de Candolim. The celebrations will begin with a Mass on September 29 at the church of Our Lady of Good Hope, Candolim. This will be followed by the inaugural function at 5.30pm on the same day at St Theresa's School complex, Candolim. Veteran tiatr artiste John Claro Fernandes will be the chief guest, Tiatr Academy of Goa president Prince Jacob and Candolim parish priest Fr Robin Romualdo Rodrigues will be the guests of honour. The inaugural function will be followed by a cultural programme consisting of Alexinho's songs rendered by the well known singers from Candolim, besides comedy skits and mimicry presented by popular tiatr artistes Humbert, Pitush, Shaik Amir, Anil Pednekar and others. The birth centenary celebrations are organized by Aleixinho de Candolim Birth Centenary Celebrations Committee, headed by Agnelo Fernandes, in collaboration with Kala Mogi, Candolim, led by Tomazinho Cardozo. Some of the activities planned during the centenary year include kantaram singing competition for the villagers, a football tournament in memory of Aleixinho de Candolim, workshops for tiatr artistes in script-writing, acting, lyrics composing, etc, production of an audio album of the Alexinho's songs, naming of an appropriate place after the legendary tiatrist, publication of his biography and staging of Alexinho's tiatr 'Amchea xetachi pavnni'. The concluding function will held on July 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442931", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation seizes 83 PoP idols", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing its drive against those violating High Court's orders, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) seized 83 PoP idols on Monday from four city areas. Meanwhile, the HC too directed NMC to continue the action against the persons not following its orders.Following HC orders on September 11, NMC started its special drive cross-checking whether vendors were selling PoP idols only after stamping them about the material used. The civic authorities have also made it compulsory for the vendors to put up hoardings requesting devotees to immerse the PoP idols only in artificial tanks. On Sunday, 200 PoP idols were seized.Meanwhile, NMC had requested HC to issue specific directives over line of action to be initiated against the violators. The writ petition filed by Vidarbha Heritage was listed for hearing on Monday. While hearing the plea, HC directed the civic body to take action, as it deemed fit, against persons violating its orders. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane confirmed that the NMC crack-down would continue to ensure no violations.NMC's central squad, led by deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir and medical officer Dr Ashok Urkude, seized 52 PoP idols put up for sale at Tukdoji Putala square, Manewada and Ashirwad Nagar, Mhalgi Nagar ward. A total of 25 PoP idols were seized by Dhantoli zone squad led by assistant commissioner Mahesh Dhamecha while six idols were seized by Mahesh Moroney led Dharampeth zone squad. The Satranjipura zone squad reportedly found no violations.\"NMC may register FIR against those creating problems during checking and seizing of PoP idols,\" warned Dr Ganvir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443086", "title": "Poor &amp; pathetic", "text": "From public transport to toilets, life's still a rough ride for residents in this part of Sattari talukaPanchanama - Cotorem - SattariRajendra P KerkarEleven revenue villages make up the Cotorem village panchayat falling under the Valpoi constituency of Sattari taluka. Spread across an area of 3,993.44 ha, the panchayat caters to a population of 4,082 people, residing in 953 houses. Yet, backwardness, even 50 years after Goa's liberation, is the order of the day.Over 335 families live below poverty line, are illiterate and a large number have no sound source of livelihood. Those who do farm or have plantations are unable to access the benefits of various government schemes as they do not have land ownership documents.On the hygiene front, a government scheme some years ago left 500 families with access to toilets in their own homes; but 453 families have to make do with answering nature's call amid nature.The education scenario leaves much to be desired too. Thanks to the state's compulsory education initiatives, the panchayat has 10 primary schools (one in each village) and two high schools. But the primary school building at Assode collapsed several years ago and students from the village have to travel to the Government Primary School at Shirsode about 5km away. At Shirsode, three teachers teach 34 students.\"The combination of irregular or absent public transport, poverty and ignorance has caused several students to not pursue higher education. This has left the panchayat areas' overall educational status poor,\" says former panch from Siranguli, Rajesh Gaonkar.Similarly, there are seven anganwadis (government-run, pre-primary centres) in the panchayat's jurisdiction, but most operate from private homes, and essential facilities for children (such as toilets, space to play etc) are missing, says former deputy sarpanch Saloni Gaonkar.Cotorem, Shelope-Curdo, Codquim, Siranguli, Assode, Gavane, Malpon, Ambeli, Melawali, Shirsode and Velguem are the villages under the panchayat's jurisdiction. Many are in close proximity to the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary and attacks on crops by wild boar and bison are common.\"Shirsode, Malpon and Assode are the most remote villages under the panchayat's jurisdiction and people living there have no access to proper drinking water facilities. There are no tap connections and the PWD's water tankers are irregular,\" says deputy sarpanch Narayan Mhalshekar.Bhagi Zore, a 65-year-old folklorist from Malpon adds, \"We have no access to public transport, or healthcare. Drinking water supply is also irregular.\"Malpon has a dhangar (herdsmen) settlement, but iron ore mining and brick quarrying have forced their livestock to fend for their own feed, adds Zore.Rajesh says, \"The chief minister has assured us that he will undertake various developmental works in our area. We have requested the government to consider Codquim, Cotorem and Gavane for the Go-Gram Yojana that promotes dairy farming.\"Sarpanch Suvarna Gaonkar says, \"Our panchayat area has remained socially and economically backward for a very long time. We are now making efforts to change this.\"Several resolutions have been passed to take up various developmental activities on priority basis. These include a sports ground to be developed through a scheme of the Sports Authority of Goa, a multi-purpose panchayat building under the Member of Parliament Local Area Development fund and the widening of internal roads through the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation.Valpoi MLA Vishwajit Rane says, \"I am trying to get the unfinished developmental works completed first. Efforts will be made to solve the issues of the area.\"Problem problemMining messAbout 15 mining leases falling under the panchayat's jurisdiction were closed between 2003 and 2011 following directives of the Supreme Court-constituted Central Empowered Committee. The mines did not have the required wildlife and environmental clearances. But the 20-odd years of haphazard mining has left residents of Shelope-Curdo, Gavane, Malpan, Ambeli and Cotorem still suffering the effects.Though the mines are closed, during the monsoon, heavy showers see the seasonal rivulets carry mining silt into fields and plantations. Manohar Vaze from Ambeli, a horticulturist, has repeatedly, albeit futilely brought this to the notice of various government authorities.Ailing healthcareThe sub-health centre at Cotorem was set up in 1994, but is located almost 1.5km from the nearest human settlement. It's in a dilapidated state and the renovation works, undertaken since last year, have left the centre without electricity. The doctor from the rural medical dispensary of Gulleli comes to the Cotorem centre for about two hours in the evening every Monday. Former sarpanch Prakash Gaonkar says, \"A sub-health centre has been functioning from my residence at Velguem since 2011. The doctor is available only on Thursdays.\"Help for heritage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16442898", "title": "CA student molested in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A 63-year-old man was arrested on Monday for allegedly molesting a CA student. The woman was on her way to appear in a examination when she was attacked by the inebriated man.A CA student was molested at Bantra in Howrah on Monday noon by a 63-year old when she was on her way to appear in an examination in Kolkata.The 22-year-old victim was waiting at standing at the Icchapore bus stand on Drainage Canal Road for a Kolkata-bound busto write her examination, when the drunken man tugged at in his sixties in an inebriated stated dragged her dupatta and tried to pounce on her. The woman was petrified by the sudden attack of an inebriated person and screamed out for help which drew locals to the spot. and tried to protect herself.They got hold of the man and handed him over to the Soon the locals who were near the bus stand ran to her rescue. The attacker was nabbed and beaten up and was later handed over to theBantra police. Police identified the accused as said that man was identified as Sukumar Mondal, a factory worker at Dasnagar. He is a resident of Khanakul, Hooghly and was on his way to his factory when he molested her.Police have started a molestation case on the basis of the complaint lodged by the victim. Later, the victim went for her writing the examination accompanied by her parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16443663", "title": "Many takers for Bachchan, Premchand at book fair", "text": "KANPUR: The ongoing book fair at Brijendra Swarup Park has witnessed a beeline of bookworms of the city. Though incessant rain and the problems caused by it kept many away from it in the past two days, book lovers swarmed the place as soon as there was sunshine.According to organiser of the National Book fair Umesh Dhall, \"Books have sold to the tune of Rs 7 lakh at the fair in the past four days.\"Comics and books in the pen drive format are popular among the school kids while young book lovers are looking for books helpful in academics and preparation for competitions. Books by Rajneesh 'Osho', 'Madhushala', the long poem by Harivansh Rai Bachchan and Indian love stories are in demand, says Deepak Chabra, representing National Book House. Famous Hindi novels by Munshi Prem Chandra are also in demand, he added.Books by renowned publishers such as Uttar Pradesh Hindi Sansthan, Hindustani Academy, Vani Prakashan, Raj Kamal Prakashan, Prabhat Prakashan, Kitabghar Prakashan, Sahini Dictonary, Oxford University Press , Samyak Prakashan, UP Urdu Academy, Raja Pocket books, PM Publication, Osho Darshan Orient Paper, etc are also attracting crowds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442498", "title": "Woman throws kids off skywalk", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old pavementdweller was arrested on Monday after she, in a fit of rage, threw her twin four-year-old daughters from the skywalk outside the Grant Road railway station on the road below. While one girl sustained head injuries, the other escaped with bruises on her hand.and was arrested by the D B Marg police station on Monday.Booked for attempt to murder, Reshma Waghmare has been remanded in police custody till September 29. Her daughters, Muskan and Firdous, have been admitted to Nair hospital where they are recuperating in the general ward. Muskan who is injured in the head is being kept under observationof the hospital though doctors said that Muskan has been kept under observation. While, Muskan suatained head injuries, Firdous escaped with bruises to her hand.During the preliminary inquiries Reshma who stays on the footpath at Grant Road apparently committed the act to \"spite her neighbour Shehnaaz\" with whom she had had a fight and wanted to blame it on her. \"Reshma is short tempered. After a fight with Shehnaaz, she told her that she would teach her a lesson by throwing her daughters from the skywalk and putting the blame on her,\" said senior inspector Ajit Surve. , of D B Marg. But he added that they were not completely convinced by her statement as she was short-tempered and aggressive.The incident occurred around 11.30pm. \"Reshma was sleeping with her three kids, Muskan, Firdous and nine-month-old son Salman, outside the Grant Road station when Shenaaz reportedly threw stones at a neighbour, Gawde, whom Reshma was close to. Over that, Reshma fought with Shehnaaz,\" said investigating officer Anant Kamble, adding both Gawde and Shehnaaz were missing. \"It is difficult to trace them as this people are beggars and have no permanent address,'' said another officer.Following an altercation, Reshma picked up her daughters, walked up to the skywalk and threw Muskan first, said the police. \"Hearing a thud, CD seller Alam Khan rushed to the spot to find the girl lying on the road. Even as he looked up, he saw the woman was ready to throw down another girl,\" said an officer, Nisar Tamboli. \"Khan stretched out his hands and caught Firdous before she could hit the ground.\" Khan and others took the girls to hospital and called cops. Reshma's husband left her a few months ago and she begs and does odd jobs.At the hospital, pediatric head Dr Himanshi Shah said, \"One girl has a swelling in her brain and a clot in the skull. She is critical but stable.\" We have kept her under observation. She may not need a surgery.\"in case the brain injury progresses,\" She added the other girl had a swelling on her forearm.The police plan to confer a note of appreciation on Khan.(With inputs by Sumitra Deb Roy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442258", "title": "Monsoon swan song round the corner?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Overcast sky and intermittent rainfall kept the climate pleasant on the fourth consecutive day on Monday. However, the rainfall activity and cloud cover are expected to decline in next 2-3 days. The weather is expected to be humid between September 20-23. There is a possibility of rainfall between September 23-25. However, it will depend on the formation of a low pressure area or a cyclonic circulation over the state. The withdrawal of the monsoon from the Uttar Pradesh is expected to start between September 26-30.During last 24 hours, the city recorded 19.7 mm rain. Intermittent drizzles, overcast sky and moist winds kept temperatures below normal. While maximum temperature was 26.7 degrees celsius, six degrees below normal, the minimum temperature was 23.2 degrees celsius, one degree below normal. State Met director JP Gupta said that the upper air cyclonic circulation over east UP and neighborhood is responsible for the rain at present. However, he added, the rainfall activity will decline as no weather phenomena which can cause continuous rainfall is taking shape. In case, he said, there is formation of favourable conditions, the city and the state may get some rain between September 23-25. \"Thereafter, we will be in a position to predict about monsoon withdrawal. During next 24 hours, light to moderate rain would occur in the city and UP, he said.According to reports reaching state Met head quarters, widespread rainfall was reported from across UP on Monday. While Deoband in Saharanpur recorded 150 mm rainfall during last 24 hours, Gorakhpur 130 mm, Ballia 90 mm, Mirzapur 60 mm, Ghazipur 50 mm each, Barabanki 40 mm, Amethi, Sultanpur and Hardoi 30 mm each and Azamgarh, Gonda, Jaunpur, Rae Bareli, Muzaffarnagar, Meerut and Jalaun 20 mm each. The withdrawal of monsoon in the country starts from Rajasthan. Normally the withdrawal starts from September 1. But this year, the retreat has not started as yet, which means more rain for the country. The signs of withdrawal of monsoon are cessation of rainfall activity over the area for continuous 5 days, change in wind pattern from easterly to westerly and considerable reduction in moisture content in the atmosphere among others.Meanwhile, continuous rain claimed thirteen lives in different parts of the state in rain-related incidents. While three people died after being struck by lightning in Azamgarh, two people each died in Firozabad, Barabanki, Ambedkarnagar and Lakhimpur and one each in Bhadohi and Sultanpur in rain-related incidents including house collapse. According to the Central Water Commission, Sharda and Ghaghra rivers were in spate and flowing above the red mark at Palia Kalan, Elgin Bridge, Ayodhya and Turtipar while Ganga was flowing above the danger mark at Ballia. While in Barabanki about a dozen villages around the Charsandi embankment were submerged in the water and administration was shifting the people to safer places. Similarly, over 20 villages in Sitapur were flooded by Sharda river following release of water from dams in Nepal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16443909", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi utsav: Standing tall, he will bless us all", "text": "HUBLI: This Ganesh Chaturthi, Hubli is all set to welcome a 25-ft Ganesha, the tallest ever idol of the Elephant God to adorn the streets of the city till date.Popularly known as Hubli ka Raja (termed on the lines of Mumbai ka Raja - the Lalbagh Ganesha in Mumbai), the Dajibanpet Ganesha, who was 21-ft tall last year, has assumed a record height of 25-ft this year, weighing 150kg.People from far-off places throng to Hubli to see beautiful Ganesha idols in different postures based on different themes and Dajibanpet Ganesha is the biggest crowd puller.Artistes from Renadal village of Ichalkaranji of Maharastra are busy since the last three weeks preparing this year's Hubli ka Raja, adopting the traditional method of using limestone, grass and POP. The tallest ever idol is in a sitting posture, extending blessings to devotees. \"For the first time, we are making such a huge and tall Ganesh idol to be installed in Karnataka,\" said artiste Ranjit Avale of Rendal village.Shyam Pawar, president, Sarvajanik Gajanan Utsava Samiti, Dajibanpet, said, they have spent Rs 3.5 lakh for preparing the Ganesha idol and another Rs 1.5 lakh for decoration. The idol will be decorated with 20kg silver ornaments donated by the devotees, he added.The organizers have requested HDMC authorities to make proper arrangements to immerse the tallest Ganesh idol by creating a big artificial well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441925", "title": "2G scam: BJP to attend JPC today, insist on calling PM, Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: More sparks could fly at the meeting of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom on Tuesday as BJP plans to end its boycott of the panel but remains insistent on summoning Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram.Former finance minister Yashwant Sinha has written to JPC chairman P C Chacko stating that BJP wants a swift resolution to the issue of calling the PM and Chidambaram. He said the matter should be discussed by the committee on Tuesday before taking up other business.Pointing out that there was no mention of the contentious witnesses, Sinha said the matter should not be \"swept under the carpet\" and be taken up before the committee begins examining RBI governor D Subbarao.Committee sources said Chacko is not keen to reopen the discussion that led to a walkout by BJP members during the previous JPC meeting. Subbarao's presence has been scheduled and Chacko will decide on the witness list since all parties represented in the committee have expressed their views.BJP members are in no mood to give up or place their demand on the backburner. They have argued that the testimonies of Singh and Chidambaram are essential in establishing how then telecom minister A Raja's decision not to auction airwaves, change cut-off dates and re-jig the priority of applicants was approved by the PMO and finance ministry.Subbarao's testimony is significant as he was finance secretary when much of the 2G scam was unfolding and authored a noting favouring auctions for allocation of spectrum. The reasons for his noting and circumstances that led to the advice being junked are crucial links in the 2G story.The PM has said Raja and Chidambaram reported concurrence in pricing of 2G spectrum and licences in early 2008. JPC members would like to reconstruct the trail from Subbarao's noting to the final acquiescence in Raja's decisions.Subbarao could also throw light on a controversial reconstruction of events compiled by the finance ministry when Pranab Mukherjee was in charge that seemed to suggest that Chidambaram could have prevented the 2G scam by insisting on auctions.The note was prepared after receiving inputs from PMO, finance and telecom ministries. During JPC proceedings, Congress member Manish Tewari strongly criticized the note as a poorly compiled and inaccurate account of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442555", "title": "Anand to serve or face sentence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Penance through free legal service to poor litigants or higher punishment -- the Supreme Court on Monday offered two choices to once high-profile criminal lawyer R K Anand, who was stripped of his senior advocate designation on being convicted of contempt of court for attempting to influence a key prosecution witness in the BMW hit-and-run case.Pleading that he had been rendering free service to litigants and that he had already tendered an unqualified apology, Anand had sought permission from the apex court to get back to legal practice. But the court asked him to choose between the two options and get back in a week.The SC on July 29, 2009 had upheld his conviction under contempt of court while asking him to show cause why his punishment not be enhanced. The Delhi high court had in August 2008 barred him from practice in Delhi for four months after it found him guilty of attempting to influence witness Sunil Kulkarni, which was exposed by a TV channel's sting operation.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi, Aftab Alam and C K Prasad said it had two options -- to decide the case on merit for imposition of higher punishment under the Contempt of Courts Act which carried a maximum sentence of six months imprisonment or ask Anand to do \"penance\" by appearing for clients who could not afford his services.It said, \"If we write an order, no useful purpose will be served by putting this gentleman to this kind of punishment.\" The court asked Anand to voluntarily serve the \"undefended\" class of litigants. \"You have earned fame, name and wealth from this profession. It is time you pay back,\" it said. \"You will render your services free of cost to the undefended people, whose list is maintained by the Delhi Legal Services Authority at the trial court or high court or the Supreme Court,\" it added.In addition, he would have to offer Rs 20 lakh to the Bar Council of India for development of library or computer centre of a low-profile law college, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442488", "title": "4-day utsav to pay tributes to dramatist", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To pay tributes to Gursharan Singh, one of the prominent director and playwright of Punjabi theatre, a series of his plays and seminars revolving around his works have been scheduled at Punjab Kala Bhawan, Sector 16, Chandigarh. Gursharan Singh Naat Utsav, as it has been named, kicked off on Monday with staging of the play \"Sukhi Basay Maskeniya\".In the next three days, three more plays would be staged at the same venue at 6.30pm. On Tuesday \"Ghar Vapasi Ke Geet\" by Probir Guha will be staged, followed by the play \"Baaki Itehaas\" written by Badal Sarkar and directed by Lakha Lehri on September 19. \"Ikko Mitti De Putt\" and \"Jado Roshni Hundi Hai\" by Chandigarh School of Drama will be staged on September 20.Two seminars, one on September 18 at Punjab University and the other on September 23 will also be held at Punjab Kala Bhawan, followed by a play \"Koi Hareo Boot Raheyo Ri' by Kewal Dhaliwal.Except for this, four other plays have been scheduled to be staged in the periphery areas of Chandigarh. Out of these two plays will be staged at Gyan Sagar Educational and Charitable Trust, Rajpura, on September 21 and 22 and two plays will be staged at Sarang Lok, Phase XI, Mohali, on September 24 and 25.The Utsav will conclude at Punjab Kala Bhawan on September 26 with plays \"Eh Lahoo Kis Da Hai\" and \"Kev Koorhe Tute Paal\" by Suchetak Rangmanch, a Mohali-based theatre group. Suchetak Rangmanch is organizing the festival in association with North Zone Cultural Centre, ministry of culture, punjab arts council, Punjabi Academy, Delhi, and Gyan Sagar Education and Charitable Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441846", "title": "Airlines blamed for takeoff delays at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: IGI Airport's three functional runways and the modern Terminal 3 have not translated into timely flight departures due to airline inefficiency. Data for the first seven months of this year shows that carriers were responsible for more than 90% of all delayed domestic departures from IGI. Flights landing or taking off after 15 minutes of their schedule time are considered delayed.A study commissioned by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and conducted by Delhi International Airport Pvt Ltd (DIAL) from January to July, 2012 attributed domestic departure delays to five factors: airline, airport, weather, ATC and miscellaneous. However, 82.7% to 96.3% delays every month were attributed to airlines.The study found that airlines' reasons for delay were primarily 'reactionary': late arrival of aircraft into Delhi, followed by delay in crew positioning and technical reasons. Only in the dense fog conditions of January did another reason - weather - stand out in the delays chart.The overall on-time performance (OTP) this year rose from 67% in January to 88% in August. Given the constant rise in OTP from January, DGCA chief Arun Mishra recently held a meeting with all the stakeholders at IGI to cut delays in the airline sector and help push Delhi's overall punctuality.\"All agencies like ATC, airlines, airports, security and ground handlers have been asked to coordinate their actions and cut down delays further. Delhi is the only airport in India to have two parallel runways and a third dependent one. So with three runways, the OTP in Delhi should be over 90%. This is already being done by punctual airlines like IndiGo,\" said an official.DGCA data shows that the on-time performance of four of six domestic airlines was the poorest in Delhi among six metro cities, including Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. Air India (domestic), Jet and Jetlite, Kingfisher and Spice Jet have the lowest OTPs for Delhi while Go Air and IndiGo have fared only marginally better, recording their second worst performance in Delhi.Airlines, on their part, blame the performance on various issues like the airport's size and Delhi's status as an unofficial hub for many airlines. \"This year has been especially affected due to strikes by pilots of a couple of airlines and a strike by aerobridge operators. Till some time back, Delhi was also handling the maximum air traffic in the country and the airport is an important changeover port for Air India, Jet Airways etc. A delay in one flight can manage to upset the schedule for the entire day on that aircraft,\" said an airline official.Sources also said airlines were forced to keep aircraft door open beyond the permissible duration at times because of the long distance from check-in counters to boarding gates, which requires almost 15 minutes to cover on foot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441711", "title": "Assam deported only 134 Bangladeshi illegal immigrants in past 2 yrs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Illegal Bangladeshi immigrants seem to having a free run in Assam. The border state has deported only 134 illegal immigrants to Bangladesh in the past two years, even though the Tribunals, tasked with detecting the foreigners, had found as many as 5,652 offenders between 2010 and 2012.Assam government has recently informed the Union home ministry that 36 existing Tribunals had declared 4,787 as \"illegal immigrants\" who came to the state on or after March 25, 1971.Besides, 865 people \u2014 who were part of pre-1971 stream of illegal migration \u2014 were also declared \"foreigners\" by the Tribunals under the Foreigners Act, 1946. But, nearly 97% of them went missing after being declared \"illegal migrants\".\"The dismal record of deportation, where only 134 of 5,652 people were deported, is an indication of the futility of the whole exercise when most of those declared illegal immigrants just vanished into thin air,\" said an official.He said the state would not only have to fast-track the entire process of identification, but also have to constantly keep a tab on those whose cases were pending before the Tribunals.The disclosure of dismal record of deportation from Assam was made at the time when over 3.10 lakh cases of suspected illegal Bangladeshi immigrants are pending at the Tribunals in the state.The gap between the number of people who were deported and those who were identified as illegal immigrants may just be a tip of iceberg if one looks at the figure of those Bangladeshis who visited India \"legally\" but went missing after expiry of their travel documents (visa) during the same period.Figures, available with the home ministry, show that 58,932 Bangladeshi nationals, who entered India legally during 2009-11, did not return. Though the figure of detection and deportation of such Bangladeshi nationals is higher than those who entered illegally by crossing the unguarded border, the gap is still quite high.Immigration figures show that only 23,653 out of total 82,585 Bangladeshi citizens could be traced and deported between 2009 and 2011, leaving whereabouts of 58,932 of them unknown.Amid the growing demand for detection of illegal immigrants, the Assam government has requested the home ministry for 64 more Tribunals and reasoned that the additional ones would help settle more than 3.10 lakh pending cases.\"We will send a proposal to the finance ministry for approval,\" a home ministry official said. Around Rs 22 lakh per annum is estimated to be the expense for each Tribunal - comprising two judges \u2014 that functions under the Foreigners Act, 1946.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442246", "title": "\u2018Avoid allergens\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Avoiding allergens is the best treatment for fighting allergic rhinitis, say doctors.Dr Narinder Verma of SPS Apollo Hospital said: \"The treatment includes reducing exposure to allergens and other triggers, in combination with medication therapy. In most people, these measures effectively control the symptoms. As far as sore throat is concerned, we advise regular gargling with saline water.\" Dr Verma stresses, \"Nutritious foods is essential to build up resistance. The diet must include nutrients and multivitamins.\"Rachit Arora, a student Class X of Kitchlu Nagar who picked up allergic rhinitis, said, \"I am appearing for y Class X exams these days but allergic rhinitis has made studying so tough. I have to be very careful and take precautions before going out because any allergen might aggravate the problem. Monsoon was such a pleasure but it has brought pain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442742", "title": "Naroda Patia: SIT gets more time", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court of Naroda Patia pulled up the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) for not being able to nab and produce before the court an absconding convict - Suresh alias Shehzad Netalkar.Designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik has now set a new deadline for the probe agency to apprehend the convict and produce it by September 21. The court had earlier given two weeks' time to the SIT to arrest Netalkar and bring him before the court. Netalkar is convicted along with 31 others, who have been sentenced to life imprisonment.The court sought to know from the SIT what steps it took to nab the convict. The cops informed that court that they had visited all relatives of the convicts. They claimed that their efforts to trace the convict are underway.Netalkar's guarantor Bhikhabhai Mithabhai and two lawyers who were involved in the process of his bail were also present in the court. They showed evidence to the court about how they roamed around in his search.The court has issued warning to the probe agency as well as the guarantor and the lawyers to find Netalkar soon.In this case, all 31 persons have been convicted of the post-Godhra massacre. While the court pronounced sentence against them, it has reserved its sentencing in Netalkar's case with observation that he must be given an opportunity to make a submission regarding quantum of punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444135", "title": "Pawar calls meeting of \u2018tainted\u2019 NCP ministers", "text": "MUMBAI: With the list of tainted ministers belonging to the NCP growing by the day, party leader Sharad Pawar has now decided to step in. The NCP chief has called a meeting on September 21 for all cabinet ministers whose names have been embroiled in a series of scams and controversies. Among them are public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal, water resources minister Sunil Tatkare , and cabinet minister Gulabrao Deokar.Party sources said Pawar will ask for an explanation from the ministers and demand to know if there is any basis to the allegations against them. Deputy CM Ajit Pawar said allegations against the ministers are being made by the Opposition with an eye on the 2014 elections. \"The allegations will continue until the court cases pending against the ministers come to a conclusion ,\" Pawar said. He added that the party is trying to come up with a counter strategy to the Opposition tactics.Water resources minister Tatkare has been facing allegations of land grab and disproportionate assets owned by him and his family. According to reports, Tatkare and his family had cornered 7,500 acres of farmland by creating front companies. Bhujbal has been facing allegations of irregularities in the construction of Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. Transport minister Deokar has been facing charges in the housing scam in Jalgaon district over a decade ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443405", "title": "Free medicine scheme in MP soon: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that a scheme will be launched to distribute free of cost medicines to all persons in the state. Similarly, a drinking water scheme to provide safe water will be implemented in every village.Chouhan made the announcements while addressing a one-day dialogue workshop of Jan Abhiyan Parishad here on Monday.Chouhan exhorted workers to take a resolve for building Madhya Pradesh and work to ensure people's welfare. He said that industries in every village are necessary for giving fillip to the state's economy.Chouhan also released a documentary shot by Jan Abhiyan Parishad. Welcome address was delivered by Jan Abhiyan Parishad vice-president Dr Ajay Shankar Mehta while Dr Pramod Pandey proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443426", "title": "Segregate garbage or pay fine of Rs 100 daily", "text": "BANGALORE: Segregate your household waste, or you may end up paying a daily fine of Rs 100. The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike is drafting a bylaw to enforce the penalty as part of a multi-pronged plan to address the mounting garbage problem facing the city.Salma K Fahim, additional commissioner (solid waste management), confirmed to TOI that the draft penalty bylaw will be placed before the BBMP council this month-end. \"The council has to approve the draft bylaw. Then, we give the public one month to send in their opinions. After that, the draft bylaw is sent to the government for approval and notification,\" Fahim explained.Sources said the penalty proposal has run into opposition within the BBMP, as it will dent the revenues of the contractors' lobby. \"Once waste is segregated at source, the dry waste goes for recycling and wet waste is given away by the BBMP for composting. This will halve the garbage sent to landfills, affecting the contractors' revenue.A strong nexus between corporators and contractors is likely to come under severe strain if the draft bylaw comes through. If the garbage is segregated , then the volume of trash that's sent out to landfills nearly halves, eating into the contractors' earnings.Sources said: \"The BBMP pays a tipping fee to contractors to transport waste from wards to landfills. There is opposition from corporators too, as many have contractors in their families.\" But some corporators have welcomed the penalty proposal . \"It will create waste sensitivity among the public. If such rules are in place, segregation at source will be done,\" Attur corporator Dr Geetha Shashikumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16442493", "title": "Woman held for torturing adopted child", "text": "The Dharavi police on Monday arrested a 36-year-old woman for allegedly torturing and assaulting her three-year-old adopted daughter who was found with injuries and swelling all over her body, face and eyes. whom she would hit with sticks and steel.The case was registered after police found .Jaya Charan (36), who sells garlands, came to the city from Karnataka with her family a month ago. \"After her arrest, the husband, Shiv, has fled,\" DCP Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI. It was a social worker, Roshan Shaikh (35),who spotted the child in Dharavi, crying. \"My neighbours said they had seen a woman hitting the kid, who seemed to be her daughter. On September 15, I saw the girl crying. She said her mother hit her with sticks. I found injuries all over her body. I have admitted her to Sion hospital,\" Shaikh said. tnnOn Monday, Shaikh lodged complaint with the Dharavi police against the kid's mother. The minor girl was brutally assaulted by the woman who adopted the child. The face and eyes of the kid was found swelled when Shaikh hospitalised the kid. We arrested the woman after collecting evidence. They resides in a hutment. Accused husband is employed as a daily wage worker at a construction site,\" said Dharavi police inspector Milind Kurde.The accused is booked under IPC sections 323 (hurt) and 342 (wrongful confinement). She is also booked under section 24 of the Juvenile Justice Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442780", "title": "'Khandwa protest was not designed for TV'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Regarding a report in TOI titled, \"Reality bites: Khandwa's made-for-TV protest\", we would like to point out that the reporter, Suchandana Gupta, by her own admission visited the area 4 days after the waters of the Omkareshwar dam had receded and the protest was over. Her criticism was that only 3 out of 51 Jal satyagrahis sat in the water, that the water was barely two feet deep, and that the entire struggle was conjured up for television.Here are the facts. On May 11, 2011, the Supreme Court directed allotment of a minimum of 2 ha. of alternative land to each cultivator family affected by the Omkareshwar dam. The Court has repeatedly held that this should be done before submergence. After the judgment, 2,500 cultivator affected families filed land applications. However, the project authorities decided to submerge the area and flood out the people without allotting them land, so that there would be no one left to rehabilitate. On August 25, 2012, the villagers, on their own, took a decision to undertake jal satyagraha, and informed the NBA activists. Within a hour, the activists arrived, and Jal Satyagraha commenced.For the next 17 days, 51 people consistently sat on Jal satyagraha, getting up only to bathe, go to the toilet, eat the food served to them at the river bank, and to sleep for three hours every night on the river bank. Our hands and feet developed wounds and bled. Three times, the waters reached nose level and we nearly drowned, the last time on September 9, on the eve of our victory. However, not a single protestor rose to escape the waters. This was in full view of the media, and can be corroborated.The protest was not designed for the television. The protestors were in the waters for 12 days before the first OB van arrived in village Ghogalgaon. The OB vans were posted at the village 24 hours until September 10. If the protest was a hoax and a sham, and only 3 protestors were sitting in the water, how did the coverage show 51 persons sitting in the water?Your reporter has also got her geography wrong. We were not sitting in a canal but in the Omkareshwar dam reservoir which one can see from the photographs. On September 10, when government reduced the water level by 1.5 meters, water receded at satyagraha site. Since the reporter came only after the waters were drained out, she has not been able to understand the situation. She chose to ignore what Alok Agarwal, NBA activist who she contacted, explained to her. And she quoted Mehtab Puri, who she did not meet.Chittaroopa Palit, NBASuchandana Gupta replies:I stand by my story. I verified from villagers that the protest wasn't continuous as claimed. The villagers also pointed out that the water was two feet deep at the protest site and only a few protesters were in the water at any point of time. A row of stones had been placed (now visible after waters receded) where villagers claimed activists sat to make it look like they were in neck-deep water. Also many villagers admitted they had taken compensation for submerged land but were now demanding land too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444984", "title": "No load shedding during Ganesh Chaturthi festival", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens will not grapple with power outages during the ten-day Ganesh Chaturthi festival, which begins on September 19. An official statement released by the state government on Monday evening said that there will be no load shedding between 6 pm to 6 am anywhere in the state during the festival days. While there will be no load shedding for the entire day in most areas of the state; load shedding in some regions where under recoveries and pilferage are on the higher side will be limited to hours during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446120", "title": "Pride and glory at Fashion Tour", "text": "As the Chandigarh leg of eighth edition of Blenders Pride Fashion Tour, 2012 kicked off, an impressive set of designers showcased a chic collections. In a surreal ambience created by gossamer designs, the designers infused soul into their creations through a list of celebrities who walked for them as their showstoppers. The two day soiree on Saturday and Sunday at Hotel Mountview was the perfect blend of fashion and Bollywood. The designers showcasing on Saturday included Nida Mahmood, Raghavendra Rathore, Pankaj &amp; Nidhi, Neeta Lulla , while Sunday saw Mandira Wirk and Wendell Rodricks in an avant-garde show. If willowy frames created a stir, adding more to the electrifying atmosphere were showstoppers for the nights. Sophie Choudhry walked for Mandira Wirk and Soha Ali Khan for Pankaj &amp; Nidhi, while Huma Qureshi and Evelyn Sharma walked for Raghavendra Rathore and Wendell Rodricks, respectively. The action did not end here as fashionistas reached The Blue Blazer for a high-profile post show party. The do, which went on till late, had designers including Wendell Rodricks along with models Indrani Dasgupta, Laxmi Rana soaking in the party fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442546", "title": "Congress is biggest party in house", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Congress has finally got an edge in the MC house by emerging as the biggest political party with absolute majority in the 36-member house. With the victory of Congress candidate Poonam Sharma, the party gained one more seat taking the total number to 12, while BJP-SAD alliance has 11 seats. The number game, which is very crucial, especially during mayoral poll, has strengthened Congress besides the fact that the party is already getting the help of nominated councillors too.Earlier, Congress did not have the numbers, they were completely dependent on nominated councillors on every issue to get their support. But now the absolute majority will boost their moral while discussing any issue.Now, as the mayor's election is scheduled to be held on January 1, Congress has got the edge being the single largest party in the house. Now, the probable candidates of Congress for mayor's post have already started their exercise in this regard.This byelection was also seen as a preparation for the upcoming parliamentary poll in 2014 and thus the party left no stone unturned to win the seat. Even local MP visited the area many times.Now, the Congress has 12 seats, BJP-SAD alliance have 11 and BSP has two seats in the 36-member house. Besides these there is one independent candidate and local MP is ex officio member of the house.Narrow margin, sweet winThough, Congress has won the seat, the party candidate received only 37.64% of the entire polled vote. However, the victory is quite sweet as the party had lost the same seat to BJP with the margin of 1,330 votes in December. Admitting the fact that percentage is quite less, a senior leader said party gained around 1,800 votes and will improve the position soon.BSP lost, but is more confidentBSP has lost the seat, but the results are a confidence booster for the party. In December, the party had received around 2,223 votes and now it got 3,473 votes. Even in MC polls BSP clinched two seat. In last MC the party had only one representative in the MC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442893", "title": "Two assaulted and robbed", "text": "NAGPUR: Two people were assaulted and robbed of their cell phones and some cash in separate incidents on Sunday evening. At Pachpaoli, 40-year-old Mohbin Ahmed was assaulted by two men on a bike for mere Rs 680 and a cell phone. The incident took place at Vaishali Nagar on Sunday night.Ahmed, a resident of Taj Nagar, was going home on his cycle from a chemist shop when two persons, in their 30s, came near him on a bike, slowed down and hit him with an iron rod on his head. They then hit him on the hand with the same rod and snatched his cell phone and cash from his pockets. Injured Ahmed was helped by passers-by in filing a police complaint. Cops rushed him to a nearby hospital and are looking for the culprits.In other incident, a doctor was assaulted by a thief who had entered the house. Chitnis Layout resident Sanjay Tapnikar (49) had just come home from a relative's house at midnight. He found the main door lock was missing. As soon as he entered the house, he saw a youth with a knife in his bedroom. Before Tapnikar could alert anyone, the thief stabbed him on the hand and fled with his cell phone and some cash.Tapnikar, who was bleeding, called his neighbour and informed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16443565", "title": "Modi\u2019s million \u2018karmayogis\u2019 plan strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi will be hosting a dinner for IAS, IPS and IFS officers with their wives and children in Gandhinagar on Tuesday evening to create a feel-good feeling at the top of bureaucracy, ahead of the state assembly elections, but trouble is brewing down the line as over a million state government staffers prepare to take mass casual leave on September 27 seeking wage hikes. These include 8.5 lakh employees and another 1.75 lakh vidya sahayaks and lok rakshaks who get fixed pay.Officers of the rank of deputy collector and below, teachers, doctors, university employees, judiciary staff, employees of sachivalaya, panchayats, civic bodies, boards and corporations will be on strike. It is for the first time in recent history that fourteen employee and officers associations have come together for a show of strength.If Modi wants the administration on his side during the elections, he would have to reach out to government servants beyond the Indian Administrative Service . Chief secretary A K Joti told TOI, \"We know about the mass CL (casual leave) call and have requested them to come with a reasonable demand. Negotiations are on with the general administration and finance departments.\"Strangely, the negotiations were held with Vishnubhai Patel, president of the Karmachari Mahamandal, who was among eight employee leaders who were slapped with a sedition case three years back for inciting the employees when they took out a massive rally in Gandhinagar. Patel told TOI, \"Hurting the employees will prove costly for Modi in the elections.\"The main demand of these 'Karmayogis', as Modi likes to call them, is implementation of 6th pay commission's recommendations, which many other states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Himachal Pradesh have already implemented. The annual additional burden on the Gujarat government, if it accepts the demand, will be Rs 600 crore. While regular recruitments have remained frozen for years, all the vidya sahayaks and lok rakshaks were hired during the Modi rule to beef up the strength of teachers and police at a low wage cost. Each vidya sahayak gets a fixed pay of Rs 5,000 while lok rakshaks get Rs 4,500. Once regularised, they would get Rs 20,000.Even when the Gujarat high court had ruled that they be absorbed in regular services, the Gujarat government went to the Supreme Court and obtained a stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446595", "title": "I make Ganesh idol at home: Raqesh Vashisht", "text": "As the Ganesh festival is all set to arrive tomorrow, television celebrities speak about their attachment with Lord Ganesha.Raqesh Vashisht (Rohan of Hongey Judaa Na Hum): I make Ganesha's idol at home The eleven days of Ganpati festival are enchanted and has a divine feeling all-around. I make Ganesha's idol at home every year; me &amp; my wife Riddhi decorate our Pooja room at home. I pray and wish that Mangal-Moorti may shower his blessings on us.Sharad Kelkar (Dr. Ashutosh of Kuch To Log Kahenge): We get eco-friendly idol I celebrate this festival with my wife, parents and close friends. We always get eco-friendly Moorthi at our home and my wife decorates the moorti with full flowers very nicely.Rupali Ganguly (Pinky of Parvarrish): Getting 50 kgs and 2 feet tall Ganpati idol I am very much attached with the Lord Ganesha. Every year me &amp; my family bring the Ganesha idol and always decorate the Mandir with fresh flowers and my Ganesha Moorti is always an Eco friendly Moorti. This time I am getting the idol made by Shadu Mati weighing 50 kgs; height more than 2 feet.Rishika Mihani (Shivani of Love Marriage Ya Arranged Marriage): Onion and Garlic free lunch We have been keeping Lord Ganpati at Home since 15 years. It is a big festival for us. We welcome Ganpati with Dhol and Dance where all my friends , family and building people join us. My mom makes lunch without Onion and Garlic for everyone who comes home. Since last year, we have been getting Eco friendly Ganpati. I am very excited doing the decoration with my family and buying things for Ganpati Bappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443914", "title": "Flood-affected residents of Meerapatti gherao mayor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Expressing their anger at the civic administration's failure to provide any respite, residents of the flooded Meerapatti area gheraoed mayor Abhilasha Gupta Nandi and City( West) MLA Puja Pal who had gone to inspect the area on Monday. The locality has about 1,500 houses all submerged in rainwater for the past two days following breach of the wall of the pond adjacent to Mundera Mandi. There is also threat of epidemic, given the flood situation.Venting his ire, Army personnel Nanhe Singh says \"My house has been submerged in water for the last 72 hours and no one from the civic administration has visited in the area to provide relief. Had the local administration handed the matter to the Army, we would have been air-lifted and arrangement for food would have been made. The army man has left his house and gone to the Military Hospital to avail of medical facility for his wife Suman Devi. He has two daughters aged 9 and 3 years who are in the house.Similar is the condition of numerous people forced to live in these terrible conditions. Resident of Meerapatti RP Yadav was forced to shift to the terrace of his house. He says \"No help from has been provided by the civic administration. Only one packet of bread has been distributed to each family which is far less than sufficient.\" Most of the things in his house including television and refrigerator have been damaged by the floodwater.Another resident Aiyaz Begum said \"We were flooded suddenly on the night of September 15 as water flowed into our house after the wall of the lake near the Mundera Mandi broke. We didn't get the chance to move our belongings to the terrace.' Residents also perceive the threat of communicable disease spreading once the water full of filth and waste accumulated at Mundera Mandi recedes from the area.Acting on the complaints, mayor Abhilasha Gupta Nandi called the municipal and district officials to the spot. Arrangements were made to drain out the water from the area through pumps. Municipal commissioner PN Dubey and senior district and AMC officials were present in the area to monitor the situation and provide respite to the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16443262", "title": "All in the family for Badals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With chief minister Parkash Singh Badal choosing to keep the portfolio of his disgraced cabinet colleague Gulzar Singh Ranike with himself, his plate has become fuller than ever. Between him and his son deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , the father-son duo handle almost as many cabinet portfolios as the rest of the 13-member cabinet put together.The 85-year-old chief minister is now handling 14 portfolios in the cabinet, most of them, crucial. This includes vigilance, power, general administration, science and technology, personnel, agriculture, rural water and sanitation. His son, Sukhbir Badal, has at least 7 important portfolios to handle, which includes the crucial home department, excise and taxation, housing, civil aviation and investment promotion.Sukhbir's brother-in-law Bikramjit Singh Majithia is the third busiest minister in the cabinet with four weighty portfolios to look after, including, revenue, NRI affairs and non-conventional energy. The chief minister's son-in-law, Adesh Pratap Kairon, looks after the food, civil supplies and IT department. Put together, the Badal family members are handling 27 cabinet portfolios as against the rest of 23 portfolios being managed by the rest of 13 cabinet ministers.The 18-member cabinet has got truncated to 15 members after three of the cabinet ministers have had to resign in disgrace within six months of the cabinet being sworn in. While Bibi Jagir Kaur was the first casualty, sentenced to 5 years imprisonment for her role in her daughters' death, Tota Singh had to resign after being convicted for misusing official authority while serving as a minister earlier.Chief minister P S Badal has chosen to retain the portfolios of all the three fallen colleagues with himself. Though he was sworn in with seven portfolios, now he has 14 portfolios, including agriculture, which was given to Tota Singh, dairy development, animal husbandry, welfare of SC and BC given to Ranike and rural water supply and sanitation given to Bibi Jagir Kaur.With Ranike's exit and the cabinet shrinking further, there are speculations about fresh faces being given a chance in the cabinet. A senior Akali leader seeking anonymity said, \"We want younger and fresh faces to be given a place in the cabinet now that old and the so-called trusted have let down the government and the party.\"However, the chief minister has made it clear, for now, that no new entries will be allowed in the cabinet in the near future and that he means to single-handedly deal with all the portfolios he has chosen to keep to himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442306", "title": "Chief secretary asks officials to show proof of revenue spent", "text": "LUCKNOW: With chief secretary Jawed Usmani cracking the whip on errant officials, businesses in the state can now look forward to better infrastructure and public utilities in the industrial areas.Coming down heavily on department officials for not holding any meetings to decide how the UP Business Development Fund (UPBDF) should be spent, Usmani on Monday said that the tradition of regular review meetings should be revived immediately and the fund spent on ensuring better facilities to the business community.The chief secretary was reviewing the use of the UPBDF in the state. During the meeting with officials of the urban development, public works and energy department , Usmani also said that all revenue earned by imposing entry tax on malls across the state must be spent on strengthening public utilities in the service and commercial sectors. In a first, Usmani also said officials will have to show proof that the revenue earnings were indeed spent on developing and maintaining roads and bridges connecting markets and industrial areas across UP.Expressing his unhappiness over no formal assessment of the use of UP Business Development Fund over the past few years, Usmani also said the government had decided to sanction Rs 233 crore to the energy department, Rs 236 crore to urban development and Rs 240 crore to PWD under UPBDF for use in 2012-13. Saying that officials will have to produce proof that the money was used to strengthen public utilities, the chief secretary also said the state is expecting to earn approximately Rs 1212 crore through entry tax earnings on malls during the current fiscal, all of which, he said should be used to ensure better facilities for the business community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16443635", "title": "Woman sets self ablaze after hubby insults her", "text": "VARANASI: Frustrated by the alleged misbehavior of her husband, a 22-year-old girl committed self-immolation at her parents' house in Jogapatti village under Deogaon police station in Azamgarh district in the wee hours on Monday.According to reports, Vandana, daughter of Dhanni Yadav, a native of Jogapatti had been married to Nilesh Yadav, an engineer from Devalpur village under Bardah police station two years ago. It has been alleged that Nilesh used to insult Vandana because she was not as educated as him.On Sunday, Vandana reached her parents' place where she immolated herself in a room. Her family members rushed her to a local hospital which referred her to district hospital noticing the sharp deterioration in her health. However, she died on the way. Dhanni has lodged a named FIR against Nilesh in this connection, alleging that he compelled Vandana to commit suicide. Police have sent the body for postmortem and are carrying out further investigations in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16446473", "title": "Moot court competition organized", "text": "PATIALA: Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law in collaboration with Surana &amp; Surana International Attorney, Chennai organised a three day event of Surana &amp; Surana Trial Advocacy Moot Court Competition .Eighteen law schools from across the country, including five national law universities participated in this prestigious moot court competition. Out of the eighteen teams four teams which included: Jindal Global Law school, Sonepat, Jamia Milia Islamia, Delhi, National Law University, Jodhpur and Army Institute of Law, Mohali reached the semifinals.On the final day of the three day event final rounds were conducted in the main campus of the university located at Sidhuwal. The two finalist teams Jindal Law School, Sonepat &amp; Jamia Milia Islamia were judged by a bench comprising of two sitting judges of Punjab and Haryana high court Justice Rajiv Narain Raina, Justice Tejinder Singh Dhindsa and Prof (Dr.) GIS Sandhu, Registrar of RGNUL. Jindal Global Law School, Sonepat was adjudged as the best team.The award of the best memorial was bagged by RMLNLU, Lucknow. Jinaly Dani was declared as the best speaker of the finals. Sanjay Vaishistha was declared as the best advocate. The spirit of Surana was won by Amity Law School, Noida. Awards were also given to the four best memorials and the four best speakers. In addition to the awards one year free of SSC ONLINE was announced to all the winners by SSC ON LINE and one subscription of SSC ONLINE was given to all participants. The best team was awarded a cash prize of 18000/- and second best team was awarded a cash prize of Rs 9000 by Surana &amp; Surana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447082", "title": "Samuel Johnson non-fiction prize entries announced", "text": "A book about Russian leader Vladimir Putin and the memoirs of Salman Rushdie over a fatwa that was used against him, are featuring alongside Wade Davis' account of his early attempts to climb Mt. Everest during the Great War in the nominations for this year''s Samuel Johnson Prize for non-fiction.The story of Putin's rise from a low-level KGB operative to leader of the world's largest country in Masha Gessen's 'The Man Without a Face: The Unlikely Rise of Vladimir Putin', features alongside Wade Davis' book, named 'Into the Silence: The Great War, Mallory and the Conquest of Everest'.Rushdie's latest book, named 'Joseph Anton', is about the pseudonym that he used following a fatwa being issued against him, the BBC reports.Bbiologist Thor Hanson's 'Feathers', which is also one of the 14 books that have been nominated for the coveted prize, details a sweeping natural history of feathers that have been used to fly, protect, attract, and adorn throughout the world.The prize aims to highlight original, diverse and thought-provoking books which bring non-fiction subjects to a wide audience. The winner will be announced on 12th November.The judges for the competition will be chaired by MP David Willetts , who is the Minister for Universities and Science, Guardian's non-fiction editor Paul Laity, editor of Prospect magazine Bronwen Maddox, writer and biographer Patrick French and philosopher, poet, and novelist Professor Raymond Tallis, the report said.The list of the 14 books nominated for Samuel Johnson Prize for this year are:Joseph Anton, by Salman RushdieThe Man Without a Face: The Unlikely Rise of Vladimir Putin, by Masha GessenBehind the Beautiful Forevers, by Katherine BooOne on One, by Craig BrownInto the Silence: The Great War, Mallory and the Conquest of Everest, by Wade DavisFeathers, by Thor HansenThinking, Fast and Slow, by Daniel KahnemanThe Old Ways, by Robert MacFarlaneInside the Centre: The Life of J. Robert Oppenheimer, by Ray MonkGrand Pursuit: The Story of Economic Genius, by Sylvia NasarWinter King, by Thomas PennThe Better Angels of our Nature, by Steven PinkerThe Spanish Holocaust, by Paul PrestonStrindberg A Life, by Sue Prideaux", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16446938", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Bombay HC nod for vehicle parking at Shivaji park during the festival", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday permitted city police to allow vehicular parking at Shivaji Park in central Mumbai for three days during the ensuing Ganesh Chaturthi festival.A division bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and Amjad Sayyed was hearing an application filed by the city police seeking permission to allow vehicles to park at Shivaji Park.The application seeking permission was filed as another bench of the high court had declared Shivaji Park as silence zone and directed the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to not grant permission to any festival celebrations in the area.The area was declared as silence zone during hearing of a public interest litigation filed by an NGO 'Wecom Trust'.The bench today allowed vehicular parking on three days during the ten-day Ganesh Chaturthi festival.\"Parking of vehicles should be confined only for three days - September 23, 25 and the last day of the festival. The parking should be allowed only in the area earmarked by the state government,\" the court directed.The civic body has been directed to restore the place within a week after the festival.Both the civic body commissioner and police commissioner had last week faced the ire of the court for failing to comply with an order passed by it in October last year directing them to hold a meeting with members of the petitioner NGO to chalk out options to ensure that nuisance is not caused to residents.However, last week when the court was informed that no meeting was held, it pulled up both the commissioners for treating citizens as \"untouchables\". Warning strict action against the commissioners, the court had given a last chance to BMC and the police and directed them to hold a meeting on Saturday.The court was on Tuesday informed that a meeting was held and several options were explored and are being implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16443993", "title": "Mean machines for terror fighters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The \"Batman\" series of Chris Nolan has made the Batmobile famous worldwide. The menacing-looking armoured vehicle can endure a barrage of bullets and can also steer out of the most difficult of situations. The Gujarat Police officials were a happy lot when they were handed over a domestic version of such an armoured vehicle to combat terror. The handover took place in a function held at Makarba on Sunday.\"We have received 29 vehicles, 20 of them are armoured trucks and nine are special-utility vehicles,\" said a state police official. \"While the trucks can carry a team of ten, the smaller vehicles can carry six to seven each. All the district Special Operations Groups will be given one vehicle each. They will be used by Chetak commandos in emergencies.\" All vehicles have turrets on the top that can be used by a gunman firing from behind iron platesOfficials told TOI that much thought had gone into developing the vehicles. \"The vehicles are not only air-conditioned and bullet-resistant, but can also weather close-range bomb and grenade attacks,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441769", "title": "Maharashtra Pollution Control Board releases eco-friendly guidelines", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Pune, will monitor river water quality, air quality and noise levels during the Ganapati festival starting September 19.Water quality will be tested before, after and during the immersion at seven locations in the city and six in Pimpri-Chinchwad. Noise levels will be monitored at 15 locations in the city while air quality at five areas in the city and Pimpri Chinchwad will be monitored.The MPCB has proposed certain guidelines for celebration of Ganesh festival in an environment-friendly manner. According to the guidelines, the pollution of water bodies caused by idol immersion has been a matter of concern and there have been public interest litigations filed in this matter.In addition to silting of water bodies, toxic chemicals in paints on coloured idols tend to leach and cause water pollution.Studies carried out to assess level of pollution due to immersion of idols have revealed that water quality deteriorated with respect to conductivity, bio-chemical oxygen demand and concentration of heavy metals.Anil D Mohekar, regional officer of MPCB, Pune, told TOI that the MPCB has issued circulars directing all the sub-regional officers to carry out the monitoring. The idea is to assess the impact of idol immersion on environment.\"Samples collected from water bodies will be tested on various parameters to assess the water quality at three stages - pre-immersion, during immersion and post-immersion. The tests will be carried out at MPCB's laboratory,'' he said.In the city, the water samples will be collected from Mula river (Aundh), Mutha river (Deccan), Vitthalwadi, Mula-Mutha confluence (Bundgarden), Mundhwa bridge, Mula river at Sainath temple Khadki and Holkar bridge on September 18, 21, 24 and 30.In Pimpri Chinchwad, samples will be taken from Pavana river at Ravet, Chinchwad, Pimpri, Kasarwadi, Sangvi and Dapodi.Noise monitoring has been outsourced to Ashwamedha engineers. In the city, sound will be recorded during peak hours between 6 pm and midnight on September 18, 19, 21, 23, 27, 28 and 29.Monitoring spots in Pimpri-Chinchwad are Chapekar chowk, Chichwad, Pimpri and Sangvi.Air monitoring will be carried out by the MPCB in Shivajinagar and Khadki Cantonment Board jurisdiction in the city and at Chapekar Chowk, Chinchwad, Pimpri and Sangvi in in Pimpri-Chinchwad, on September 18,19, 21, 23 and 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16440824", "title": "Abhijeet Gupta, Tania Sachdev pained by 'government indifference'", "text": "NEW DELHI: For any young chess player, the Olympiad is like the Olympics. However, Abhijeet Gupta and Tania Sachdev, having returned with a silver medal and a bronze medal respectively from the latest edition of the chess jamboree held in Istanbul , feel deprived, thanks to the 'indifference' of the Sports Authority of India (SAI).Their feat at the Olympiad is yet to even feature on the official website of SAI. Incidentally, Indian women finished fourth in Istanbul, India's best-ever performance at the event.\"The least one expects is a phone call. Sadly, even that didn't happen,\" said Grandmaster Gupta. \"This is as big as the Olympics for us and having won a silver medal there means a lot. Given the fact that chess is an Asian Games discipline, we would like some recognition from the government,\" he added.Tania, already an Arjuna awardee, feels that although government has done well to support sport, it still has a long way to go. \"They have done something to promote chess but the recognition is commensurate with out achievements,\" said Tania at a felicitation function on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442516", "title": "Niece of NCP MLA's aide kills herself in MLA hostel", "text": "MUMBAI: Rupali Andhare (27), niece of NCP MLA Babanrao Shinde's personal assistant Dilip Laygunde, committed suicide at Shinde's Manora MLA Hostel room in Nariman Point on Sunday. She was found hanging from the ceiling fan.The deceased, along with her two younger brothers, had come to Mumbai from Solapur in search of work. They were staying at Shinde's room at the Manora MLA Hostel since a few days.Police sources said one of her brothers had gone out to eat on Sunday evening. When he returned, he alerted the hostel security and then the police as his knocks on the room door went unanswered. The door was broken down and Andhare was found hanging. No suicide note was found. Her body was sent to G T Hospital for post-mortem. Shinde is MLA for Madha in Pandharpur and known to be a close Sharad Pawar aide. Sources said Andhare may have been disturbed as she was unable to get a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16443683", "title": "Saved by state funding, this poor man donates Rs 2000 to free health scheme", "text": "COIMBATORE: On Monday a 35-year-old man who recovered from a severe injury at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) came to meet the district collector with a demand draft of Rs 2,000, a donation for the Chief Minister's Free Health Scheme as a token of thanks for the treatment he was provided.K Krishnamurthy a resident of Kasipalayam in Erode who lays tiles was stabbed on his neck and severely injured on August 23, after an altercation with his neighbour. After he was taken to several hospitals in Coimbatore, he was about to leave for Chennai when he was taken to CMCH.Dr K S Ganesan, a senior cardio vascular surgeon at CMCH said that the cut was deep and they did not expect the patient to survive. \"We had to do a carotid angioplasty with thrombo leptomy (removal of blood clot) on the left side. This is a rare surgery,\" he said. The carotid artery supplies blood to the brain and controls the functions of visual abilities, touch and feel. During the operation they removed around 300 grams of blood clot. He was operated on August 25{+t}{+h}.The operation took around 5 hours. \"He remembered his name, which was a great relief,\" he said. His friend Ramasamy said that they were struggling for money when they received around Rs 1lakh from the free health scheme promptly. Therefore, Krishnamurthy was contributing some money from his meagre savings, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442095", "title": "Mishap claims entire family, kid sole survivor", "text": "JAIPUR: Five members of a city-based family were killed, while a 3-year old boy seriously wounded when the car they were travelling in collided head-on with a truck in Tonk's Ghad police station area early on Monday. The child, the sole survivor, lost his parents in the mishap and kept crying for almost an hour before the police and administration's rescue teams arrived at the spot.Eyewitnesses told the police that her mother was alive after the mishap, however, she died of shock as she saw the bodies of her husband and others stuck in the car. The child is currently in a hospital here with injuries in his legs and other parts. Police said the family was on its way to offer prayers at Sanwariya Ji temple in Tonk.The deceased have been identified as Dinesh Kumar Sharma (28), his wife Seema Sharma (26), their daughter Ishika (7), Dinesh's cousin Rajendra Kumar Sharma and his friend Jitendra Kumar Sharma.\"Dinesh, a taxi driver by profession, was a resident of Prem Colony in Sanganer area. His cousin lived in Sodala while friend Jitendra in Mansarovar's New Sanganer Road,\" said a police officer.The family members told TOI that Dinesh had left home around 10 pm on Sunday along with others.The police officer said that they were on their way to Tonk when a truck coming from opposite direction rammed it near Ramdeora around 1.30 am on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442819", "title": "Ajit Singh suspends 6 top AAI officials for favouring firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aviation minister Ajit Singh has ordered suspension and initiation of major penalty against six senior Airports Authority of India (AAI) officials, including an executive director, (commercial) for allegedly favouring a private company in granting ground handling rights at some airports. Singh's action follows a CBI inquiry which found that these employees allegedly favoured Bhadra International India Ltd. He has asked AAI to cancel their contracts and recover dues.The CBI probe into award of ground handling contract at Chennai and Kolkata airports found that the AAI officers had deviated from the commercial manual in the notice inviting tender.\"Financial bid of consortium of Bhadra and Novia International was tampered after opening of tender by modifying the rate of royalty payable to AAI so that it becomes more than the quotes of other two competing companies. The figure of 9.5 was manipulated... interpreting it 19.5 while evaluating the tender,\" said an aviation ministry statement.The CBI also found grave irregularities in award of ground handling services contract for Trivandrum, Coimbatore, Calicut, Mangalore and Tiruchi to favour Bhadra International. The officers are: ED (commercial) L L Krishnan; DGM (finance) R L Saran; additional GM (commercial) S Basu; DGMs (operations) Arun Mehan, P K Chadha and G M Ravi Verma. Singh has also ordered filing an FIR against some officials.He has also directed AAI to amend its service rules to make it a must for ex-employees to seek its nod before joining a private company within two years of retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442623", "title": "Traffic violator hits, drags cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Yet another city cop was hit and dragged after he signaled a traffic violator to stop on Monday evening. The incident took place in Industrial Area, Phase I, where police had set up a check post.\"Head constable Gulab Singh had signaled a car coming from Sector 29 roundabout to stop as its driver and co-passenger had not fastened their seat belts. The driver stopped the vehicle and came out to talk to Gulab. When he went back to his car to bring the registration certificate, he started its ignition. The speeding car hit Gulab and he fell on its bonnet. He was then dragged for over 500 metres.\" Two men, who are yet to be identified, were arrested after a brief chase by the police Gypsy. They were taken to a hospital for a medical examination and Gulab for first-aid.In the last three months, at least eight cops have been manhandled by rowdy divers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442261", "title": "On way out, rains leave people sniffing, irritable", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the city has been experiencing cool nights with retreating monsoon for the past couple of weeks, ailments are again on the rise. Doctors in city are reporting a steady rise, almost double, in cases of respiratory problems including allergic rhinitis, an inflammation of the nasal airways.Its symptoms include nasal congestion, coughing, sore throat, clogged ears and decreased sense of smell, fatigue and irritability. The infection is caused by exposure to airborne substances such as pollen, mold and dust mite and insect particles, say experts.Dr Navneet Kumar of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"With monsoon there is also a chance of respiratory problems being aggravated. People may experience problems in breathing, as the air is extremely humid. The high level of humidity also leads fungal growth, which can lead to exacerbation of allergies like allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma and bronchitis. With the change in weather, people are more prone to these.\" She added, \"Normally we see five to seven allergic rhinitis cases during routine days, but these days we are seeing almost 10-12 such cases a week.\"The risk of developing allergic rhinitis is much higher in people with asthma or eczema and in people who have a family history of asthma or rhinitis, according to experts.Dr Manish Munjal of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital, said, \"Allergic rhinitis can begin at any age, although most people first develop symptoms in childhood or young adulthood. However, the severity of symptoms tends to vary with seasons, with monsoon being the worst. The air is extremely humid and thus perfect for allergens to strike.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442101", "title": "ALM teams to walk roads at night to monitor pubs, bars", "text": "MUMBAI: Following ACP Vasant Dhoble's transfer from the social service branch, 13 registered advanced locality managements (ALMs) from Bandra (West) to Andheri (West) have joined hands to monitor pubs and bars at night for time limit breaches and other violations. On Monday, ALM members met ACP Vishwas Nangre Patil to voice their concerns. He asked them to be part of police mohalla committees.\"Bars and pubs that were under police scanner are rejoicing. Since ACP Dhoble's transfer, they are back to their old methods of operating. Our ALM volunteer teams, comprising five members each, will move in their areas after midnight,\" said Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM. \"Once or twice a month, there will be night vigils against illegal activities. Being locals, team members will be familiar with their respective areas. We have youngsters in the groups, who will function as decoys.\"Perry Road Residents' Association chairman Anil Joseph said the teams would not confront pub goers. \"We have no authority to do that. We will just keep an eye out for timing violations, traffic issues and residents being troubled.\"It will be a service to the local residents. We will inform senior police officials of the happenings in ward. We want to ensure that the neighbourhood isn't disturbed,\". In the past, residents had submitted video recordings of pubs indulging in illegal activities to the social service branch of the police.Siddique said that the local police station was lax in conducting in such drives.\"Our intention is to ensure that the pubs are shut on time at night and they don't carry out any illegal activities like drug abuse, traffic jams and operate beyond the permissible timing,\"she said. Residents of 33rd Road ALM in Khar(west), ALM 162 in Chuim Village,Santacruz Welfare Association, Perry Road Residents' Assocaition in Bandra(west) and My residents' Association from Vile Parle met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443638", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation starts drive against stray cattle", "text": "INDORE: Speeding up its drive to clear the city streets of stray animals, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has caught 75 bovines and shifted them to various goshalas and other places for animals.Rajendra Garothia, PRO IMC, said, \"Around 75 such animals have been shifted to 'Goshalas' and other such accommodations for animals. We can not say how much stray cattle are there on the city streets but these are the catlle left out to graze around the city.\"if NGOs are to be belived, the city streets have around 5,000 stray cattle. The presence of such a large number of stray animals on the city roads is causing hurdles in smooth flow of traffic and also leading to a number of accidents. TOI spoke to some commuters who have suffered due to the cattle menace.Dr Aditya Bisht, 24, met with an accident near Bengali crossing some four months back due to presence of stray animals on the street. \"It was late in the night and I was driving on the by pass road on my way to Bangali crossing. Headlights of my vehicle were dipper. It was too dark to see a black cow sitting right at the centre of the road. To save the animal, I applied the brakes and rammed into a fence. It cost me a good 80,000 rupees to repair the front of my car which was completely damaged. I also got an arm fractured.\"Mohammad Ibrahim, 20, a law student had a similar accident on Monday. \"I was on my way to Bhopal . In front of Bhandari resort, I saw a cow in my lane and I slowed down. I reversed my car a bit to save an another car in front of mine. Another stray cow banged into my car from the behind. I was at a fairly low speed so only the bumper of my car got damaged, it could have been worse,\" said Ibrahim.Ankit Bangar, 25, a Dentist, is another citizen who saved himself from grave accidents at occasions when a stray cow came in front of him while he was driving. \"I feel highways can be a lot more risky with straying animals on it. On the road in front of St Paul school, I have been shocked by these animals appearing out of nowhere. I consider myself fortunate that nothing serious has happened with me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441712", "title": "Maya bar patrons demand action against policemen", "text": "PUNE: A group of 30 patrons, who were among those arrested by the Pune rural police at Maya Lounge Bar in Wagholi on September 3, met superintendent of police (Pune rural) Manoj Lohiya on Monday. They expressed their grievances and have sought a probe into the alleged police high-handedness when they raided the premises.Entrepreneur Tehseen Poonawalla had earlier filed a petition with the National Human Rights Commission and the National Commission for Women against the treatment meted out to the patrons. He said, \"In a civilised society, there can be no place for violence. Human rights abuse by the police is unacceptable and what makes it worse is that Women were spoken to badly and detained the entire night. If Lohiya does not ensure the offending officers are suspended and does not assure citizens that they will not be hassled henceforth, I shall move the Bombay HC.\"The sister of a 26-year-old who was slapped by a lady police official during the raidpatron said, \"I accompanied my younger sister, who was slapped by a lady official during the raid, to the meeting with Lohiya. We told him our grievances and the treatment meted out to us. While we were at Maya, the cops asked us inappropriate questions such as why we were not there with our father or husbands. In the midst of all the commotion, my sister was rudely pushed aside by a male cop. When I protested, a lady police official slapped her hard. When I protested against this, another male cop threatened me and asked me to stay quiet. We confronted this policeman at the meeting today.\"The patrons who met Lohiya were not satisfied with his responses to their grievances. \"He has asked us to give him individual complaints, which we have already done,\" she said.Another female patron who was detained said, \"We are not satisfied with how slow the things are moving, when all we want is justice for the treatment meted out to us. Though Lohiya said he will conduct a time-bound enquiry, his responses were unsatisfactory.\"Lohiya told TOI, \"Around seven to eight people met me at my office to make oral complaints about the misbehaviour of police at the time of conducting the raid at Maya Bar. I have asked them for a written complaint. I had earlier received a complaint from Tehseen Poonawala. We are conducting an inquiry into his complaint\". He said he had not received medical reports of the youths. \"If the medical reports reveal the youths had consumed liquor, we will file a chargesheet against them while the others will be discharged from the case as attending a party does not amount to contravening provisions of the Bombay Police Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442511", "title": "Biker rams into truck, dies; 1 hurt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 28-year-old man died while his friend, the pillion rider, was injured when their motorcycle rammed into a truck on the NH-24 flyover in Ghazipur in east Delhi on Sunday night.Eyewitnesses claimed that Kumar got a phone call and while trying to adjust the cellphone between his right shoulder and ear, he lost his balance and rammed into the truck in front of him. Police, however, said they had no evidence yet to substantiate this claim.According to police, Sushil Kumar, a resident of West Vinod Nagar, was travelling along with his friend Rahul, a resident of Mandawali who gives tuition. \"Rahul told his family members around 9.30pm that he and Kumar were going to buy a gift for Kumar's 10-month-old daughter from a mall on Ghazipur Main Road,\" said a senior police officer.The riders fell off the bike following the crash. Although both were wearing helmets, Kumar sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. Rahul, who too has sustained head injuries, is unconscious and admitted at a hospital in Indirapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16442881", "title": "Varsity halts distribution of forms", "text": "MALDA: After the result fiasco comes admission trouble. Following government rule, University of Gour Banga had recently reserved 40% postgraduation seats for students from other universities. This new rule infuriated students' unions and on Monday, they agitated on the campus and demanded immediate rollback of the new rule. Both SFI and Chhatra Parishad urged the university to follow old guidelines. However, the authorities suspended distribution of forms till the VC takes a call on the matter.Around 4,100 students in BA/B Sc/B Com honours courses passed out of the university this year, but there are only 900 PG seats. Following the new guideline, that too will come down to 540.\"The VC will take a decision on the matter,\" the registrar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442675", "title": "HC allows parking at Shivaji Park for three days during fest", "text": "MUMBAI: Ensure that sprinklers and pitches are not damaged, said the Bombay High Court on Monday while permitting vehicles to be parked at Shivaji Park for three days of Ganesh immersion. The court said parking should be confined to specially demarcated areas only.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed heard applications by the BMC and state government for permission to park inside the playground on four immersion days. However, the court allowed parking only for the fifth and seventh days and on Anant Chaturdashi.The judges directed that areas of water sprinkers and eight cricket pitches should be barricaded and the ground restored to its original state a week after conclusion of the festival. To review this year's arrangement, they directed the additional municipal and police commissioners of the area to hold a meeting with Wecom on October 6, 2012. On Wecom's petition, the HC on May 5, 2010, had declared Shivaji Park a silence zone and subsequently directed no entry and parking of vehicles.After the rap from the court, the BMC and police sat with petitioner Wecom Trust to resolve this year's parking issue. Wecom's advocate Kaustav Talukdar said it has been agreed that vehicles will be parked near the gate of Samarth Vyayam Mandir and at the entrance gate accessible from Raja Badhe Chowk. Also, the BMC has agreed to allow parking of small vehicles in the compound of Mahatma Gandhi swimming pool and Vanita Samaj if the lease terms permit.The court was also informed that BMC will install closed circuit televisions to collect data of immersion and vehicular traffic to facilitate their segregation for subsequent years. It will also build an artificial pond on the east of Tilak Bridge to reduce immersion traffic going towards Dadar Chowpatty. Talukdar said the BMC has agreed to beautify and develop Mahim Causeway (Reti Bunder) so that it can be used for immersion next year and relieve Dadar Chowpatty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16445868", "title": "Normal life hit in Kashmir due to strike", "text": "Srinagar: Normal life was disrupted in the Kashmir Valley today due to a strike called by several organisations to protest against an anti-Islam film.Schools, shops, business establishments and fuel stations were closed due to the strike called by Kashmir Economic Alliance.The strike call was supported by hardline faction of Hurriyat Conference, JKLF, Kashmir High Court Bar Association and many religious groups as well.The lawyers' body has decided to abstain from work in the courts today as a mark of protest against the film.The roads in most parts of the valley wore a deserted look as public and private transport remained off the roads. However, some private cars and security force vehicles could be seen plying the roads.Peaceful protests against the film have been reported from several areas in the city and elsewhere in the valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441403", "title": "Telangana group torpedoes state Cong meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The much-awaited day-long brainstorming session of the Congress party, scheduled for September 23, has got caught up in regional crossfire. With the Telangana Congress leaders refusing to be seen together with leaders from Seemandhra region, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana has postponed the meeting.Announcing the decision to cancel the meeting, Botsa said that a fresh date would be set in consultation with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy. The PCC chief also said that he would think of holding regional sessions only after a statewide session.On Monday, four T-Congress leaders \u2014 MPs Ponnam Prabhakar, G Vivekananda, BC welfare minister Basavaraju Saraiah and MLA Komatireddy Venktareddy \u2014 met the PCC chief at Gandhi Bhavan and vehemently opposed the joint session plan.There are now three power groups within the Congress representing three different views on the separate statehood question. One is the strong T-Congress faction while the second is the influential united Andhra Pradesh group from Seemandhra, basically composed of party MPs.Now, a third group \u2014 led by former home minister and chairman of APCOB, Vasantha Nageswara Rao \u2014 has come up with the demand for a separate Andhra state.Rao, a veteran of the separate Andhra movement of 1972, recently held meetings with party president Sonia Gandhi, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde, senior leaders Vayalar Ravi, Ghulam Nabi Azad and other prominent AICC leaders and reportedly demanded division of the state.Rao had two days back organised a session on the separate Andhra demand which ended in clashes between the Jai Andhra leaders and integrationists.The Telangana Congress leaders are reportedly opposing the joint session citing sharp divisions within the party. They have instead demanded a separate session for the Telangana region. \"Congress leaders are divided along regional lines. These regional groups have been pursuing their own agenda. There is a lot of friction among these groups. A joint session will raise passions and may even lead to clashes,\" Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar told the media after the meeting with Botsa.According to Ponnam, a joint session would barely serve any purpose since meaningful debate is impracticable in a situation where regional groups refuse to let rival groups discuss any issue. \"As a Telangana MP, I defend the formation of a separate Telangana state. The division of the state is important for the survival of the party in the region. Thus my opposition to the attempts of Seemandhra leaders to stall the formation of Telangana,\" he said.Meanwhile, several Congress leaders have condemned the reported statement by T-JAC convenor M Kodandaram against civil supplies minster D Sridhar Babu. According to reports, Kodandaram has said that if Babu does not help in the creation of a separate T, he would meet the fate of his father. Babu's father was killed by Naxal elements and, so, Congress leaders have severely condemned the comment. Saraiah has demanded a public apology from Kodandaram while Ponnam has asked Kodandaram to retract his statement saying that such remarks have the potential to trigger violence in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441948", "title": "Campus activism gets a makeover", "text": "MUMBAI: Campus activism has never been so cool. With a string of campaigns undertaken by students from city colleges, either as part of college projects or activities, issues ranging from sexual abuse and female infanticide to drugs/smoking and cleanliness are being covered. Students are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that they put their point across.On Monday, students from S K Somaiya College kick-started an 'Anti-Spatter' campaign in association with the BMC. \"We have taken the initiative to make our city cleaner and greener.We will set out in groups and cover areas by talking to people and also catch people who litter or spit in public areas,\" said Mihir Sharma, a third-year student of the college. He added that students, with the help of cops and BMC officials, will fine those who are found polluting the city. Close to 300 students from the college took an oath in support of the campaign on Monday when the drive was launched by mayor Sunil Prabhu.Similarly, five TYBMM students from Wilson College have launched 'Thook Na', an anti-spitting campaign, as part of their final-year project. They have also started a 'Thootiya Busters Clean-up Squad', with posters to accompany the campaign. \"This is an activity we started as part of the campaign where we go around Mumbai cleaning spit from places. We also take opinions of people around about what they think about spitting and how it makes Mumbai unhygienic and unhealthy,\" said one of the students. Till date, these students have cleaned up areas around Girgaum Chowpatti, Cater Road, Union Park, Gateway of India, Colaba, Charni Road and Nariman Point.Local NGO, Forum for Learning and Youth Empowerment (FLY), recently helped students from colleges across the city felicitate constables and senior officers of the traffic police department. \"Close to 500 students went to 25 police chowkies in the city and thanked over 2,900 constables and senior officials for their efforts towards rendering order, safety and comfort to Mumbaikars on a consistent basis,\" said Sarvesh Kedia, member, FLY.The initiative forms an integral part of a long-term project undertaken by FLY, a city-based charitable youth organization, in association with the Mumbai traffic police.\"Even though we have taken up this initiative as part of our college activity, we aim to continue this campaign individually even after college. We want to give the citizens a chance at living and breathing in a clean atmosphere,\" added Sharma from S K Somaiya College, Vidya Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16444377", "title": "Civic body to introduce uniforms for street vendors selling food", "text": "KOZHIKODE: To ensure the quality of food in wayside eateries, the city corporation has decided to launch a safe food scheme in the city.The move is being initiated as part of the project included in the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) and the scheme will initially cover 16 beneficiaries, who9 have already been selected.\"Gradually all the street vendors in the corporation will be brought under the scheme. A committee comprising health officials will conduct a periodical inspection as part of the project. We will launch the project within two months,'' said K P Krishna Kumar , KSUDP Kozhikode social development officer. Corporation will introduce uniforms and enforce strict hygiene guidelines to street vendors selling food, within two months. The civic body is planning to bring in strict monitoring mechanism to ensure that only fresh and hygienic food is served by the street vendors.KSUDP has earmarked a sum of Rs 10 lakh for the implementation of the scheme. The civic body has entrusted Shornur Metal Industry to manufacture a specially-designed pull cart for street vendors, which will reach the corporation office in a week. Each of the 16 beneficiaries will be given a pushcart each, which has the facility to store and cook food, attached waste bins, a washing area to clean the vessels and space to keep the plates.KSUDP will distribute the carts to the vendors at a cost of Rs 65,000, of which 25% will be paid by the corporation and the rest will be borne by the beneficiary. More than 800 licensed street vendors are there in the corporation limit. The 16 beneficiaries were selected from the 220 applications received by the corporation office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442107", "title": "SC asks R K Anand to choose between penance and punishment", "text": "NEW DELHI: Penance through free legal service to poor litigants or higher punishment -- the Supreme Court on Monday offered two choices to once high-profile criminal lawyer R K Anand, who was stripped of his senior advocate designation on being convicted of contempt of court for attempting to influence a key prosecution witness in the BMW hit-and-run case.Pleading that he had been rendering free service to litigants and that he had already tendered an unqualified apology, Anand had sought permission from the apex court to get back to legal practice. But the court asked him to choose between the two options and get back in a week.The SC on July 29, 2009 had upheld his conviction under contempt of court while asking him to show cause why his punishment be not enhanced. The Delhi High Court had in August 2008 stripped him of the senior advocate designation and barred him from practice in Delhi for four months after it found him guilty of attempting to influence witness Sunil Kulkarni, which was exposed by a TV channel's sting operation.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi, Aftab Alam and C K Prasad said it had two options -- to decide the case on merit for imposition of higher punishment under the Contempt of Courts Act which carried a maximum sentence of six months imprisonment or ask Anand to do \"penance\" by appearing for clients who needed his help but could not afford his services.It said, \"If we write an order, no useful purpose will be served by putting this gentleman to this kind of punishment. It would be beneficial if the knowledge, skill and practice of this man is put to better use.\"The court asked Anand to voluntarily serve the \"undefended\" class of litigants. \"You have earned fame, name and wealth from this profession. It is high time you pay back. Take a sabbatical for a year and undertake only legal aid cases,\" it said.\"You will render your services free of cost to the undefended people, whose list is maintained by the Delhi Legal Services Authority at the trial court or high court or the Supreme Court,\" it added. In addition, he would have to offer Rs 20 lakh to the Bar Council of India for development of library or computer centre of a low-profile law college, it said.Anand sought permission to argue before the court and said that since August 2008, when the Delhi HC imposed a ban on his practice, he had been continuously offering free legal aid. \"For the past one year, not a word has been reported against me,\" he said, but the bench replied, \"We would not like to comment on it.\"The bench said an essential pre-condition for the offer to be translated into a judicial order was that Anand must pledge a \"self-imposed ban\" on his paid legal practice. \"For one year, you must not undertake legal practice for profit. You will have to show some penance,\" it said.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441407", "title": "Govt to ban sale of gutka, other chewable tobacco", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is likely to ban gutka and pan masala containing tobacco and nicotine in a couple of weeks. The food safety department has recommended a ban on the manufacture, sale and storage of such products under the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) regulation issued on August 1, 2011.Madhya Pradesh , Kerala, Bihar , Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Haryana, Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand and Delhi have already banned these products. A senior official said: \"Under the act, the food safety commissioner has the power to ban gutka and paan masala. We are sure we will be able to enforce the ban as early as possible,\" he said.According to the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations of 2011, the food safety commissioner has the powers to prohibit -- in the interest of public health -- the manufacture, storage, distribution and sale of any article of food either in the whole of the state or a part for a period not exceeding one year. The act includes Rule 2.3.4, according to which tobacco and nicotine should not be used as ingredients in any food products. The state could now ban gutka using this regulation coupled with a Supreme Court ruling that stated, \"since pan masala, gutka and supari are eaten for taste and nourishment, they are all food.\" The central government has also sent letters to all states proposing a ban on these tobacco products.A public interest litigation petition filed by advocate P T Geotom is pending with the Madras High Court which ordered notice to the chief secretary, health secretary, commissioner of food safety and others. Geotom said he had sent a representation to the authorities on August 4, 2012 requesting a ban on sale of consumable tobacco products and restrictions on sale of cigarettes near educational institutions and no-smoking zonesThe state has registered a rise in the incidence of oral and other forms of cancer, since a sizeable population is addicted to such products. Health activists and NGOs had been pushing for a ban on tobacco products. Anti-tobacco activists cite several reasons for banning gutka. A recent report of the Union ministry of health states that 28 out of the 3,095 chemical components in chewing tobacco products (including gutka) are proven carcinogens. The most abundant group of carcinogens is the tobacco-specific N-nitrosamines. More than 90% of oral cancer in India is directly associated with tobacco use. India spends 300 billion annually in both public and private on treatment of tobacco-related illnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442011", "title": "HC relief for doctors using USG machines", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday allowed portable ultrasonography machines to be taken to patients' home for any purpose other than sex determination. However, this will be subject to installation of the silent observer ( SIOB), a device which monitors scans done by USG machines.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a petition filed by three Mumbai-based cardiologists and an anaesthetist challenging the BMC's order restraining them from taking the machines outside the clinics/hospitals, where the machines are registered.Their petition said Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PCPNDT) relates to restrictions on genetic clinics/ institutions and doctors who deal with sex determination. Also, the Act and all government orders should be restricted to doctors operating within that field only. \"You cannot have a statute dealing with genetics applying to doctors dealing with cardiology or anaesthesia or anything other than genetics,\" argued their counsel J P Cama.He said other forms of medicines like cardiology, anaesthesia and vascular surgery also require the portable machines. \"Any restriction you impose must be upon those doctors who deal with sex determination.You cannot expect a cardiology patient to go to a clinic or hospital in emergency,\" said Cama.The judges asked what is the guarantee that the machine will not be misused.\"How do we ensure you will not misuse it?\" asked Justice Shah. Allaying the court's apprehension, Cama said his clients are willing to have the SIOB installed in their machines and have it certified by BMC medical officer. \"It (SIOB) will guard against its misuse,'' said Cama.The judges, in their order, said the doctors can take their machines out of the clinics/hospitals where such machines are registered subject to installation of a SIOB and verification by the chief medical officer of BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443259", "title": "Union ministry keeps environmental clearance of 139 mines in abeyance", "text": "PANAJI: Breaking the lull on the mining front, the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), has kept environmental clearance (EC) of 139 mines in abeyance with immediate effect in view of the findings of the Shah commission report on illegal mining in Goa.This comes five days after the MoEF minister Jayanthi Natarajan , during the Goa visit last week, had stated that environmental clearance (EC) of 93 leases had been kept in suspension.There was suspense over the decision for the last few days as the mining lobby was learnt to have been working overtime to get MoEF go soft on the issue which saw a tit-for-tat kind of a situation between chief minister Manohar Parrikar and MoEF.Both Parrikar and Natarajan traded charges against each other, which sources in the mining industry aggravated the situation.In the latest order dated September 14, 2012, MoEF has said that the ministry had been asking the state government authorities from time-to-time, to take action against mines working in violation of environmental laws.It further stated that the Goa government authorities failed to take action on the communications issued by MoEF to them on the issue of violations of environmental norms by the mining units after the Shah commission report on illegal mining was placed in public domain.Referring to the order of the state government dated September 10, 2012, keeping the mining activities in suspension until further orders from September 11, MoEF has said that it only showed the apprehensions of large-scale illegalities and irregularities in the mining operations in Goa in the wake of the findings of the Shah commission.The September 14 order stated that inaction by the state government authorities on MoEF's communication on violation on environmental norms, purportedly followed by the September 10 order of the state government's directorate of mines and geology, \"necessitates MoEF to scrutinize/examine the details of each of the mining case and take appropriate decision thereon following due procedure\".It further said that while the state government didn't specify the number of mines and their violations in the September 10 order, the Shah commission report which has mentioned \"various shortcomings in respect of the 139 cases\" in Goa, \"mandates immediate action in public interest in the light of rule 4(5) and rule 5(4) of the Environment (protection) rules 1986\".Pending scrutiny of each of the 139 cases, the ECs accorded to them are being kept in abeyance with immediate effect and until further orders. Each of the project proponent has been asked to submit the necessary documents to MoEF so as to verify the legality of ECs granted to the mines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442627", "title": "\u2018Many VVIPs make UT disturbed area\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the UT home secretary (HS) is to be believed, Chandigarh is on the radar of antisocial elements who can ''disturb the peace of the area at any point of time''. This was stated by UT home secretary Anil Kumar on Monday in an affidavit filed before the Punjab and Haryana high court while defending the ''disturbed area'' status of UT. He has also taken the stand that the status is required because Chandigarh is the capital of two states and large number of VVIPs stays here.Apparently dissatisfied with the argument, a division bench led by Acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh observed, \"Is the situation in city worst than Delhi or Mumbai\". Out-rightly rejecting the home secretary's contentions, the bench also observed that \"Delhi is capital of country, seat of Union government and larger number of VVIPs is living there but that is not a disturbed area\". In his affidavit filed in response to a PIL seeking removal of all notifications vide which Chandigarh was declared ''disturbed area,'' Kumar submitted that intelligence inputs are indicative of the efforts which are being made to create disturbance in Chandigarh area.Making it clear that the administration is in no mood to remove the disturbed area tag of UT, he has also taken a plea that \"Chandigarh is the capital of both the states of Punjab and Haryana and has to cater to the security concerns of the protected persons who have been on the forefront in the fight against anti-national and terrorist activities. Moreover, peace in this area can be disturbed by any anti-national element at any point of time\". On the removal of disturbed area tag by Punjab, he said it does not imply that the situation in Chandigarh warrants the withdrawal of these notifications.Further justifying it, he asserted that it is up to the satisfaction of the administrator of UT to assess the situation and take a decision on the continuation of these notifications and courts cannot interfere in it till the complaints of any arbitrary use of powers by the administration.Taking the affidavit on record, the HC observed that there appears to be nothing which satisfies the condition for continuation of the notifications. Now, the case has been fixed for Wednesday when the HC will examine the circumstance wherein Punjab government had removed such notifications from the state. Chandigarh was declared a disturbed area through notifications of ministry of home affairs (MHA) issued on December 2, 1986, and December 5, 1991.The petitioner in this case, Sector 7 resident Surinder Singh Bhardwaj, had pleaded that the disturbed area status is causing \"unnecessary monetary loss to public exchequer and giving unnecessary powers in the hands of government officers which are inconsistent with the values of democratic set up\". .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441442", "title": "Hockey India confirms Mariamma Koshy as its president", "text": "NEW DELHI: After holding the post of interim president for over a year, former player Mariamma Koshy was on Monday confirmed as the full-time president of Hockey India.The 63-year-old Mariamma Koshy was elected HI's vice-president on August 5, 2010 and was made the interim president's of the body in November, 2010.\"The decision was taken under rule 4(f) of Hockey India Rules and Regulations during its 15th Executive Board meeting held on Monday,\" HI said in a release.A former state-level player and centre-forward, Koshy is also the senior vice-president of Hockey Kerala. \"The sport is poised at an exciting stage in India and it is a privilege to be working with colleagues who are committed to the cause of hockey,\" she said in the release.Also during the meeting Gayatri Shetty, treasurer of Hockey Karnataka, was confirmed as HI's vice-president.Wave Group to take up HIL's Delhi franchise: Hockey India on Monday announced that Gurdeep Singh 'Ponty' Chadha's Wave Group would own the Delhi franchise in the Hockey India League (HIL).\"We are pleased that we are moving towards establishing HIL as the world's best hockey league. We have so far signed up with Wave Group for Delhi,\" HI secretary general and HIL chairman Narinder Batra said. \"We are in advanced talks with business houses for the other two franchisees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "margao/calangute", "code": "16443331", "title": "Family of four rescued from drowning off Arossim beach", "text": "MARGAO/CALANGUTE: A family of four from Chembur, Mumbai, was rescued from drowning by lifeguards of Drishti special response services on Monday evening at Arrosim beach. The family members had ventured into the water in the morning and were swimming in waist deep water when they were pulled by strong undercurrents.According to the lifeguards, the members were about 40m seawards when they were pulled into the seas and had reached about 50m seawards due to the strong underwater currents when they raised an alarm for help. Lifeguards Franky John and Abhijit Naik rushed towards the victims with a rescue tube and rescue board after relaying a message to the tower.While Naik secured one victim with the rescue tube John secured remaining three victims with a rescue board. All four victims were brought to the shore safely. The survivors are Bavan Shah, 43, his wife Ritu, 35, their son Rohit, 8, and daughter Alpa Shah,10.On Saturday afternoon, in two separate incidents in North Goa, three tourists were rescued by Drishti lifeguards.At Candolim at 3.30pm, two tourists from Kerala, Arun V P and Akhil Valharaj, both aged 21, were swimming in a no-swim zone on the beach with friends after allegedly consuming alcohol, when they got caught in a current and started drifting. Lifeguards brought them safely to the shore.At Baga, Sayyad Mohammad Barkaddir, was enjoying a walk in knee-deep water at the Baga beach along with his family members when he suddenly collapsed in the water. Lifeguards pulled him out of the water and rushed him to the Candolim primary health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441317", "title": "Umesh Kumar\u2019s suspension revoked", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Monday revoked with immediate effect the suspension of senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar.Umesh Kumar, posted as chairman of Godavari Valley Development Authority, was placed under suspension on June 19 for unauthorisedly abstaining from duty.He was facing a non-bailable arrest warrant in a criminal case filed by the Crime Investigation Department and it was assumed that he was on the run to evade arrest.The senior IPS officer contested his suspension following which the Union ministry of home affairs on August 30 directed the state government to revoke it.Accordingly, state chief secretary Minnie Mathew issued an order on Monday revoking Umesh Kumar's suspension and reinstated him. Incidentally, Umesh is in a running feud with his batch-mate and state in-charge DGP V Dinesh Reddy. Umesh was accused of making attempts to mar Dinesh Reddy's chances of becoming state police chief.The state government recently included Umesh's name in the list of officers eligible to be appointed to the DGP's post and forwarded it to the UPSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443447", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chauhan urges for peace", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan on Monday urged the people to maintain calm and refrain from organising any protest rallies ahead of the visit of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa .Chauhan defended Rajapaksa's visit and said that several other countries would also be visiting the state on a goodwill mission.\"This conference is an epitome of peace, cooperation which is an intrinsic part of the Buddhist religion. A lot of religious leaders and intellectuals will be attending the conference. It is also an effort to promote a sense of brotherhood and friendly relations with other nations. There is no other motive other than this,\" said Chauhan.\"I urge everyone not to disrupt the meet, as it does not require any opposition. I also urge the people to ensure that this event is conducted smoothly,\" he added.Chauhan maintained there would be no city or state shutdown ahead of the religious conference.\"A shutdown or any sort of protest will not look appropriate when such revered leaders from other countries visit here. We have also decided that there will be no shutdown in Bhopal on September 20. The National Democratic Alliance has also postponed its protest date to September 24 and on September 20, no shutdown or rally would be organised,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16446642", "title": "Infant buried alive as building collapses in Amritsar", "text": "AMRITSAR: An 8-month-old girl, Kamla, was buried alive under the rubble of a building that collapsed on Tuesday early morning.District Fire Officer, Tarlochan Singh told TOI that Kamla, daughter of Raman Kumar, resident of Krishna Nagar, Jaura Phatak was buried alive under the debris after the roof of the house caved in. However, her parents were saved by a rescue team of the fire department.\"They lived in an old and dilapidated house that collapsed due to heavy rain\" he said.Earlier, on Monday two persons were buried alive while demolition of an old building at Chowk Moni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16440994", "title": "Another accident in Sivakasi fireworks shed; none injured", "text": "SIVAKASI: Close on the heels of the Mudalipatti accident near Sivakasi that claimed 39 lives, another fire mishap in a lorry shed where fireworks were stocked, rocked the town on Monday evening.The incident occurred when the workers were handling fireworks in Muthupriya lorry shed on Muslim Pykka street. The lorry shed was allegedly being illegally used to store fireworks before they were despatched to other places. Since quantity of fireworks kept in the shed was low, there were no loss of lives nor any injuries reported.Assistant divisional fire officer, M Manikandan said the damage was less since not many fireworks were stored in the shed. \"There wasn't much fireworks materials stored. Hence there were not much damage to the building or surrounding properties. The fire has been controlled and the situation is under control\", he said.Fire and rescue personnel said that after the Mudalipatti incident, people are now aware of the dangers. Many of them had fled their houses when the fire started. As the lorry shed was situated in a residential area, it caused panic among the public, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442707", "title": "Dry days on Sept 19, 29", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ganesh festival will have two dry days. Though an official announcement is yet to be made, excise department officials said these dry days will be September 19, the first day of the festival, and September 29, the last day of immersion of idols. \"We welcome the decision but request the administration to curb bootlegging which increases on these days, to avoid revenue loss to the government and the liquor and hospitality industry ,\" Ahar secretary Shashikant Shetty said.According to sources in the liquor industry since the administration was declaring dry day a day before the installation of idols, it would become difficult to implement it on Wednesday. \"But surely the last day of the festival would be a dry day,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445832", "title": "Dhoom 3: Uday Chopra's stunt misfires", "text": "TOI had told you how two stuntmen were injured on the sets of Dhoom 3 last week while filming a car crash sequence. And now Uday Chopra has met with an accident while filming a bike stunt.Jr Chopra who plays the bike mechanic-turned-cop sidekick Ali in the series, injured his foot and got a hairline fracture in his toes.When contacted, Yash Raj Films' spokesperson confirmed that Uday had an accident in Chicago . \"His foot is temporarily in a cast. Uday has however, been shooting even after this accident,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "malkangiri (odisha)", "code": "16442736", "title": "CEO held on treason charge for 'Maoist link'", "text": "MALKANGIRI (ODISHA): Nine employees, including the CEO of a Hyderabad-based private construction company, have been remanded to judicial custody on charges of treason after being arrested for allegedly supplying explosives to Maoists.The nine, arrested on Friday, were produced before the sub-divisional judicial magistrate, Malkangiri, Gyanranjan Biswal on Sunday who sent them to judicial custody for 14 days. They were charged under sections 13 and 18 of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and Explosives Act besides several sections of IPC. They were arrested near Chittapari village under Orkel police station in the Maoist-hit district after 12 bags of explosive materials were seized from behind a stone crusher unit owned by the company.The materials included electronic gadgets, detonators, gelatine sticks, IED, user manuals besides Maoist literature and mobile phones. \"The seized materials have the potential to prepare at least 1000 landmines and other such high explosives. With this major catch, police thwarted a possible plan of a major offensive by the Maoists in the district,\" Malkangiri SP Akhilesh Singh said. Those remanded were the CEO of the company, Arvu Gopal, General Manager T Jagananda, Engineers Y Jingmaya and Y Madvav, and N Madhava, K Sudhakar, M V Ravi Kumar, T Ratnam and Pradip Biswas.Another accomplice Karunakar Reddy of Nalgonda in Andhra Pradesh, allegedly acting as middleman between the company and Maoists, was absconding, the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443381", "title": "Residents in panic over 'threat' notes", "text": "NASHIK: Even as residents Sri Bhakti apartments in the Vijay Nagar area of Sinnar are gripped with fear following threats from someunidentified person who has claimed to be a terrorist who would kill their children, over claiming to be a terrorist, who would kill their children, the Sinnar police have appealed to the concerned residents to stay calm over the issue.not to worry about the threats, saying that it all likely-hood as it is a mischief played by some local person.Police believe that in all likelihood the incident is the handiwork of a local mischief monger.For the past few days there is a wave of concern among residents of Sri Bhakti apartment of Vijay Nagar area of Sinnar.The threats have been issue in the form of a handwriten note that was stuck on the doors of residents at the apartment building, with a message saying 'I am a terrorist, running away from the police. I will would kill your children'.Initially residents considented the note to be a prank a youngster had played as a mark of mischief by some youngster, however, the concern grew when the unidentified person started when the note starting become a regular feature.Subsequently, the aggrieved residents rushed to the Sinnar police station to report the matter.According to reports, though the police visited the concerned building and inquired over the incident, their probe has not deterred the alleged 'terrorist'.Senior police inspector at the Sinnar police station, Kailas Pawar said that there was nothing serious or worrisome about the threat. \"We have also explained to the concerned residents that it is an act of mischief by a localsome nearby person. That being said, we are still continuing with our investigation to trace who the culprit might be,\" said Pawar.Residents of the area allege that they have collected nearly 50 such notes that were stuck on their doorswhich have been stuck to their doors. In a strage turn of events, of late only one resident is singularly being made a target of the threat. for threat notice. The police said that the matter is not so serious. Nonetheless, they are trying to identify the handwriting on the notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441782", "title": "BJP rubbishes govt ads on diesel price, LPG caps as 'lies'", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP on Monday dismissed the advertisements put out by the government in newspapers on diesel price hike and rationing of LPG cylinders as \"lies and propaganda\", and claimed that high taxation is the actual reason behind the increase.\"As the government has no convincing reasons to impose massive diesel price hike, it is now putting huge advertisements as propaganda. There are many issues addressed and claims made by the government (in the advertisements) which are not based on facts,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.He claimed India does not buy oil at international crude prices but at rates agreed to as part of long-standing agreements with countries like Iran.\"Instead of citing the international crude prices, why the government is not citing the price of Indian crude basket, which is a relevant parameter?\" Javadekar asked.BJP maintained that without taxes diesel and petrol will be available in India at Rs 30 and Rs 35 per litre, respectively. \"It is the heavy taxation which has made petro products costly. The government is not reducing its part of taxation like excise but expects state governments to reduce their taxes,\" Javadekar said.BJP termed the government claim that is has not increased price of LPG cylinders as an \"absolute lie\".\"A family of four persons requires at least one LPG cylinder per month. Now, they will pay Rs 2,400 per annum extra for the unsubsidized LPG. This means that each gas cylinder will cost Rs 200 more on an average. This is a massive hike that they want to hide. The figures of under-recoveries are also not realistic,\" Javadekar explained.BJP claimed the Parliamentary Standing Committee had actually opposed putting a cap on the number of cylinders and instead recommended that affluent sections should be brought out of the subsidy regime. \"Thus, the advertisements are lies, lies and repeated lies,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441822", "title": "Decision on water cuts to be taken by month-end", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Monday said a final decision on whether water cuts in the city will continue will be taken in the last week of September.Speaking at the general body (GB) meeting, Pathak said, \"The civic administration will decide whether to restore the two-time water supply at the end of September. A meeting will be convened to review the situation and a final decision will be taken.\"He was replying to corporators' demands that the water cuts be withdrawn since the dams supplying water to the city have enough storage. Pathak, however, was cautious. \"Although water availability has improved, all dams are not filled to capacity and so we are not immediately withdrawing the water cuts,\" he said. He reminded the corporators that the civic administration had to think ahead till the next monsoon.The corporators complained that some areas in city are not only receiving insufficient water but water at low pressure to which Pathak said that perhaps the solution would be to change the water supply timings from the morning hours to the evening.The city has been facing water cuts since March this year. Two-time water supply was reduced to once a day. The city first had a 20 per cent cut in water supply, which was reduced to 10 per cent in August after the dams started filling with rainwater.The city draws over 14 TMC water from the reservoirs of the four dams of Panshet, Khadakwasla, Temghar and Varasgaon, which supply water to the city.On Monday, the dams had a collective water storage of 27 TMC water as compared their collective capacity of around 29 TMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "music director and singer devi sri prasad is all set to perform his first ever show in bangalore on september 21. the talented music director, as he has been doing with his previous films, will mesmerise the audience with his chart buster songs all evening. \"3 more days for my 'first ever show' in bngalore..on 21st..national college grounds.6.30pm! so bnglre, let's rock together n hav fun.!!", "code": "16445407", "title": "DSP to perform in Bangalore", "text": "Music director and singer Devi Sri Prasad is all set to perform his first ever show in Bangalore on September 21. The talented music director, as he has been doing with his previous films, will mesmerise the audience with his chart buster songs all evening. \"3 more days for my 'First Ever Show' in Bngalore..on 21st..National College Grounds.6.30pm! So Bnglre, Let's Rock together n hav FUN.!!:))\" (sic) he posted on his micro blogging site.As a part of Bengaluru Ganesh Utsava's 50 years celebration, Sri Vidyaranya Yuvaka Sangha has extended the invitation to Devi Sri to perform and the music director obliged. To make the show special and spectacular, Devi will be seen rubbing shoulders with the likes of Ilayaraja, Yesudas, Shankar Mahadevan, Sonu Nigam, etc. for the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447048", "title": "Obese mums don't always beget obese kids", "text": "Eating well during pregnancy reduces the risk of obesity in babies regardless of the mum's size, a new study has revealed.According to the research, a team of US scientists showed that modifying fat intake during pregnancy to a moderate level is enough to benefit the child regardless of the mother's size.Specifically, they found that a protein called \"SIRT1\" rewrites a developing foetus' histone code, which affects his or her \"epigenetic likelihood\" of being overweight or obese throughout his or her lifetime.\"We are finding that the cycle of obesity likely begins in the womb, however, we are also finding that obesity does not necessarily beget obesity,\" Kjersti M. Aagaard, M.D., Ph.D., study author from the Division of Maternal-Fetal Medicine and the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas, said.\"A diet laden with fat changes the molecular machinery which chemically modifies the structure of the developing infant's genetic material. These commonly called 'histone code' changes are rewritten-at least in part-by SIRT1, which in turn, alters key regulators of fat and glucose metabolism in the infant. It is our hope that these early steps will in turn break the cycle of obesity in the generations to come,\" Aagaard.To make this discovery, Aagaard and colleagues used three groups of pregnant primates.The first group ate a healthy pregnancy diet (13 percent fat), while the second group ate a high fat diet (35 per cent fat) and became obese.The third group was kept on a high fat diet for several years, became obese, and then was put on a healthy diet.Researchers were able to tease apart the effects on the infant of being exposed during pregnancy to a healthy diet versus an unhealthy high fat diet.The sirtuins and the proteins, and the genes regulating glucose and fat metabolism were analyzed.Results suggest that the livers of infants exposed to the high fat diet, showed less SIRT1 and less sirtuin activity than in the control group.The study is published online in The FASEB Journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441688", "title": "Premium diesel prices leap by 21 per litre", "text": "PUNE: In all the noise generated over the Rs 5 per litre diesel price hike (a little over Rs 6 in Pune), what has gone unnoticed is the whopping Rs 21 per litre hike in the price of premium diesel. And while the price of regular petrol has been left untouched, that of premium petrol has gone up by Rs 6 a litre.Authorities at the regional offices of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) confirmed that the prices had been hiked from midnight of September 14.Speaking to TOI, Pune Petrol Dealers' Association spokesperson Ali Daruwalla said HPCL's premium diesel, Turbojet, now sells at Rs 72.80 a litre as against Rs 51.31 before September 14. \"The price of their premium petrol, Power Petrol, has been hiked from Rs 78.27 per litre to Rs 85.01. We received a communication from HPCL on Saturday night to immediately start selling the two fuels at the new prices. Both fuels are extensively used in high-end luxury cars such as Mercedes, XUV, Audi and BMW . We received similar communication from BPCL and IOC about the hike in the price of their premium diesel,\" he said.The price of BPCL's premium petrol, Speed, has gone up from Rs 78.22 to Rs 85.02, while that of its premium diesel, Hi-Speed, increased from Rs 51.69 to Rs 73.23. The price of IOC's premium diesel, Xtramile, has been hiked from Rs 51.37 to Rs 70.91. However, its premium petrol, Xtra Premium, stays at the existing price of Rs 84.99.The price of regular diesel was hiked from Rs 46.17 per litre to Rs 52.37 in Pune.A senior official coordinating with the three oil companies said, \"Premium fuels are the oil companies' own products with multi-functional additives for better performance, more mileage, easier acceleration and lower emissions. There is no subsidy provided on these fuels, unlike regular diesel. The pricing of these fuels is, therefore, done independently by the oil companies.\"The official said that a system-generated SMS was sent to petrol dealers on September 14, communicating the revision in the premium fuel prices.\"Many dealers were apprehensive as the increase in the prices seemed steep. They cross-checked with us to confirm the hike. This may have delayed the news of the revision reaching the public at large. We have also advised pumps to put up big posters to communicate the increase in the prices of premium fuels,\" he said.An official from an oil marketing company said on condition of anonymity, \"The price of specialty products such as premium fuels is decided on an individual level by each oil company, hence the difference in prices. Specialty diesel has been revised after a long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442014", "title": "Drought relief funds arrive despite rain", "text": "JAIPUR: Even though a drought-like conditions did not arise in the state, coffers of the government are filling up with drought relief funds. Fast-track funds are flowing in from the Union ministry of rural development, drinking water and sanitation.Recently, Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh has released an amount of Rs 424.5 crore under the integrated watershed management programme (IWMP).In a meeting held on July 31, 2012, the empowered group of ministers also waived deductions on unspent amount of Rs 528 crore, the first installment of central assistance for 2012-13 under IWMP, with the impression that the state was facing serious drought. Probably because in July, at the time of the meeting, the situation of drought seemed imminent.But considering the fact that the five districts - Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Nagaur and Barmer, which were earlier declared drought-hit, also received moderate rainfall, the relief would prove to be a windfall for the state.\"The dispensation was made considering the gravity of drought forecast in Rajasthan. Accordingly, an amount of Rs 424.5 crore was released on August 14 to Rajasthan under IWMP,\" said Jairam Ramesh.The letter also reiterates that under IWMP, funds are provided in the ratio of 90:10 between the Centre and state. Under the revised operational guidelines for release of Central share of funds under IWMP issued in June 2012, unspent balance is deducted from the first balance. And as per the information furnished by the state, there was an unspent balance of Rs 528 crore as on June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442599", "title": "Survey unsold housing stock, builders told", "text": "MUMBAI: Union secretary for financial services D K Mittal on Monday asked the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai) to conduct a survey of unsold housing stock across the country so that a decision could be taken on unlocking their value.Mittal's move followed concerns voiced by finance minister P Chidambaram recently to bankers that developers were sitting on five lakh unsold flats which they are neither able to sell at the prevailing high prices nor are they allowing others to buy by lowering the prices. Mittal said this at a joint meeting of Indian Bankers Association and Credai, the apex body of developers.Though they have challenged the FM's remark, Credai will be appointing an independent research agency to carry out the survey.Said Credai president Lalit Kumar Jain, A developer when he announces a 7,000 unit township, puts only 400 to 500 units on sale. None of these 7,000 units are ready stock and so, cannot said to be available for sale as construed by the government. They (banks and government) are very keen to reduce property prices and asked for our commitment on this.''The Union Secretary has met developers and bankers thrice to understand the issues of housing sector and developers' financing problems. At the meeting, Credai also reiterated its stance that limitation on land availability for realty projects and restrictions on floor space index also need to be addressed to increase housing supply and price rationalization. The developers got support from bankers who also voiced concern at the knotty issue of approval process and urged the secretary to address take it up at the various state governments level. In the meeting, Mittal also asked the commercial banks to focus on funding partially completed projects on a priority basis and development of projects in small towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443615", "title": "Two held with stolen cell phones", "text": "INDORE: Two persons, with 56 cell phones in their possession, were arrested from Chhotigwaltoli area, here on Monday. They were identified as Ajay Singh (19), son of Parvat Singh and resident of Vyas Nagar and Sujagar Singh (26), son of Saman Singh Pardi and a resident of Pithampur in Dhar district.Acting on a tip-off that two men were trying to sell cell phones to passersby, police cordoned off the area and arrested these two youths. As many as 56 cell phones of different brands were seized.The accused later confessed to have stolen the cell phones from various places of the city including temple premises, stations and others. Both the thieves were handed over to Chhotigwaltoli police for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442389", "title": "Fifty private schools flout sanction on students enroll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Though the state education department has taken action against 229 unrecognised schools, the number of such schools is estimated to be much more. According to the secondary education teachers association, the district, at present, has 653 schools recognized by the UP Board and 351 unrecognised schools.As part of its crackdown on unrecognised schools, the association formed a team of dedicated teachers who gathered information about the irregularities in such schools. In the first phase, the association handed over a list of 351 unrecognised schools to the District Inspector of Schools (DIOS) Umesh Tripathi on July 27. Next, the association started two helplines where people can lodge complaints against schools running illegally. This list of unrecognized schools is likely to be released on September 19. \"We have received more than 100 complaints till now,'' said RP Mishra, state secretary, UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh. Association believes there are more than 2,500 unrecognised schools in Lucknow alone.Acting on the complaints, DIOS constituted 11 teams comprising teachers from government, government-aided and self-finance schools. These teams visited the 351 unrecognised schools and gave their feedback after which DIOS took action against 229 schools. Another 130 teams were constituted to conduct surprise inspections in 653 recognised schools.It was also found that 50 recognised private schools had enrolled more students than sanctioned by the UP Board. Association secretary Mishra said immediate action should be taken against the recognized and unrecognised schools for admitting more students than permitted. \"The 50 recognised schools that have enrolled more students than sanctioned were given show-cause notice by the DIOS. None took it seriously. The situation is that class X and XII students have already been given the examination form,'' said Mishra.The recognized schools admit students from unrecognized schools in connivance with some Board officials. In most cases, unrecognised schools get their students appear in exams as 'private candidates' of a recognised school. On the other hand, the recognised schools, which admit more than sanctioned number of students, file exam form of the students both as regular and private candidates. Association members said every year at the time of examination, UP Board is forced to provisionally allow such students to appear in exams on 'humanitarian' grounds. \"Such schools also take contract to facilitate mass copying to help students pass the examinations. And since education mafia enjoys political patronage, no action is taken against them by the Board,'' said a teacher.Schools violating RTEThough DIOS has handed over a list of 229 dubious schools to the SSP and SP crime branch, no action has been taken so far. The police officials had asked the DIOS to send the requisite documents and records to prove that these schools are unrecognised. Following this, DIOS on Sunday filed a new complaint quoting violation of the Right to Education Act (RTE) and the rules and regulations set by UP Madhyamik Parishad. DIOS Umesh Tripathi said, \"Schools running without the permission of UP Board in itself is the biggest irregularity. All formalities have been done and strict action will be taken against the offenders.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443655", "title": "Creativity at its best to greet the lord of wisdom", "text": "INDORE: Creativity is at its best among Ganesh Utsav mandals across the city ahead of the ten-day Ganeshotsav starting September 19. Pandals are vying for the best position with floats and decoration that have a blend of pomp and simplicity.Hundreds of pandals of varied sizes are being set across the city to welcome lord Ganesha. Artists at the pandals are busy making last minute preparations like providing colourful lightings, giving finishing touches to the thermocol and other colorful decorations that will have exquisite depictions right from seven wonders of the world to problems the country is facing including corruption and price rise.President of Hindu Yuva Manch in Bhanwarkuan, Rajeev Patel said, \"Every year we come up with different form of the Ganesha idols. This time, we have Ganesha Vighna-harta form. The added attractions of the pandal will be replicas of the seven wonders of the world. It will lend a universal appeal to our pandal,\" he said.The mandal will also organize Bhajan-Sandhyas every evening. \"It will help the visitors to pay obeisance to the God in a proper manner,\" Patel said.Religious fervour and enthusiasm is at a high at Nandanagar as well. Nandanagar Ganesha Utsav attracts a large number of visitors from across the city. \"Every year we celebrate the festival involving thousands of people from our locality. This year, the most interesting part will be competitive events for children,\" said resident of the locality, Mahendra Chouksey.\"Last year too we celebrated the festival with much fan fare and this year we will celebrate the festival on lines with what we did last year,\" he said.Annapurna Nagar is highlighting a message of unity in diversity. A group of north Indians and south Indians join hands for the celebrations. \"We will have a pandal with designs of north and south India. the outer look of the temple is like Badrinath of Uttarakhand while from inside it will resemble Meenakshi temple of Madurai in Tamil Nadu ,\" said one of the organizers Babloo Sharma.\"During the 10-day festival, we will have Bhajans, Kavi sammelans, classical dances and other cultural activities. It will provide a platform to people of all age groups to showcase their talents,\" said Sharma.Khajrana will see a 'Mahal' made from food grains this year. Temple manager Maharaj Singh Khushwaha said, \"We will have 'Anaj ka Mahal' in which all structures will be made of food grains instead of the conventional 'Ful Bangla' made of flowers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram/chennai", "code": "16441128", "title": "Defiant VS to visit Kudankulam today, CPM keeps its distance", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/CHENNAI: Defying the party diktat and even a police warning, V S Achuthanandan will embark on a visit to Kudankulam on Tuesday morning. The opposition leader has pledged support to the strike against the nuclear power project and had earlier confirmed that he would be visiting the protestors to express his solidarity.However, CPM politburo member Kodiyeri Balakrishnan has said that the party was not aware of the visit by the opposition leader. The CPM stand was reiterated by general secretary Prakash Karat that the plant can be commissioned after ensuring all safety measures. But Achuthanandan appears to be unwilling to accept the party line and has urged that the project be stopped.Even though Achuthanandan had planned to visit the Kudankulam earlier, the plan was abandoned following stiff resistance from Tamil Nadu CPM leaders. However, this time he has decided to defy all diktats and head to Kudankulam to pledge his support to the protestors.Tamil Nadu has requested the state police to prevent the trip by Achuthanandan as it would trigger tension in the coastal areas and the border areas of both states. However, sources in the opposition leader's office said Achuthanandan would visit Kudankulam and there was no chance of any rethink.Sources from the police department said Achuthanandan wouldn't be allowed to enter the territory of Tamil Nadu and his trip would be blocked at the border.On Sunday a group of anti-nuclear activists led by Sara Joseph, Sugathakumari, BRP Bhaskar, C R Neelakandan and Ajitha had taken out a protest march from Kerala to Kudankulam which was also blocked by the TN police. They were not allowed to cross to enter the state as the police in TN feared it would trigger tension.Sources from the police department said Achuthanandan wouldn't be allowed to enter the territory of Tamil Nadu and his trip would be blocked at the border", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16444273", "title": "Play safe while flying: Rear seat of plane most secure during crash", "text": "LONDON: Beware first-class travellers ! Passengers sitting in the rear of a plane have the best chance of survival in the event of a crash, an extraordinary and costly aviation experiment ever conducted has revealed. In a unique aviation experiment recently, the 170-seat Boeing 727 was made to crash in a controlled manner in a remote part of Mexico's Sonoran Desert. After pilot James Slocum parachuted out of the plane at 2,500ft, the jet was guided into the ground by a pilot in a following Cessna via a remote-control device, the Daily Mail reported.On board the jet were three sophisticated crash-test dummies designed to move like humans. They were arranged in three positions : one in the classic brace and wearing a seat-belt ; one belted but not in the brace position; and one neither belted nor in the brace.After the jet hit the ground nose-first , experts found that the dummy in the brace position would have survived the impact, the one not in the brace would have suffered serious head injuries , and the dummy not wearing a seat-belt would have perished.Using this, experts predicted that 78% of passengers on board would have survived the impact, but that coming down nose-first , all the first-class travellers would have died because the front of the fuselage sheared off. Those sitting at the back would have had the best chance of survival.The \u00a31 million project aimed to recreate a serious but survivable incident and allow scientists to study the crash worthiness of the aircraft's frame and cabin, as well as the impact on the human body. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443312", "title": "Panel to meet on octroi levy today Deolali octroi row: decision likely today", "text": "NASHIK: The revision in octroi levy that has invited the wrath of the local traders in the Deolali Cantonment area is likely to be studied in Tuesday's meeting of by the concerned committee at the Deolali Cantonment Board office.The last cantonment board meeting saw heated discussions over the hike in octroi levy that was implemented from August 1. Against this backdrop, it was decided to form a committee that would study the revision of octroi levy on certain commodities, which could be implemented after passing a resolution.From August 1, the Deolali Cantonment Board increased the octroi levy on heavy material from 3% to to 4%, while on other commodities it has been increased from 2% to 3%.Traders also claim that certain items like books which have been exempted from octroi by the Maharashtra government have also been included in the octroi list.Many traders of Deolali Cantonment area have been alleging that the concerned agency appointed for octroi collection has been inflating the bills to increase the octroi, which has become a sought of mental torture to them. Further, the concerned agency is also challenging the price of goods without having knowledge of the same.Apart from this, the agency is retaining the goods with itself to check every piece in the consignment and there are also allegations of thefts when the goods are in custody of the concerned contractor.Traders said that in the past a memorandum was presented to the chief executive officer of the Deolali Cantonment Board to not increase the octroi levy, since the octroi amount was already increasing as per the rising prices of various commodities.All such things are likely to come up during the discussion during Tuesday's meeting. The Board members informed that a resolution will have to be passed, if octroi levy on certain commodities has to be brought down. Meanwhile, the board members also said that octroi and other taxes were the main source of income of the cantonment board to provide civic facilities to the citizens there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441903", "title": "Bogged down by cases, govt stops raids on eateries", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation may be seizing tonnes of rotting meat from railway stations, but the food safety department has not cracked down on eateries and shops that sell substandard food since June this year.Food safety department officials said they were unable to take legal action against shops after the Madras high court in June stayed central regulations requiring small eateries and restaurants to conform to quality norms such as registration, employing a technical person, chemical analysis of food sample and ban on menu adaptation. However, the court has not stayed inspections by food safety department.Corporation officials said raids on eateries were now the duty of the food safety department. A senior official in the food safety department said there were 31 writ petitions filed against the department by shop owners. This has dampened the department's efforts.Records of the food safety department say that between August last year and June this year, only 457 samples of food products were tested. They found 41 samples to be adulterated or misbranded. The most adulterated food products were milk (25 samples), tea &amp; coffee (seven) and drinking water (four). Officials said there were six laboratories across the state to check the quality of food products, but nothing much is done of late.Meanwhile, shop owners said the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 is too stringent. Under the act, a fine up to Rs 10 lakh can be imposed for a small violation, they said. R Srinivasan, secretary of Tamil Nadu Hotels Association, said: \"It's difficult to meet the standards prescribed in the act, because most raw materials used to make food are contaminated.\"The food safety department is also responsible for issuing licences to shops. The 2006 act makes it compulsory for eateries and hotels with a turnover of less than Rs 12 lakh to register with the department. The act stipulates that food traders with an annual turnover of up to Rs 12 lakh should pay a registration fee of Rs 100. Those with a turnover of more than Rs 12 lakh have to remit Rs 5,000. But only a few traders in the state have registered or got licence from the department. Data show that 13,153 licenses and 91,693 registrations were issued by the department. The number of licences include those for hotels (1,539), restaurants (1,048) and retail trade (3,440). Registrations have been given for 4,973 hotels, 995 restaurants and 42,594 retail traders.Consumer activists said that the act should be implemented effectively. \"It is the duty of the food safety officials to provide hygienic food to the public. There should be proper enforcement without corruption,\" said Consumers Association of India trustee R Desikan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16444013", "title": "Students await meeting with Mahesh Bhatt", "text": "MANIPAL: It is a dream of most of students to meet Bollywood celebrities. Students of Manipal Institute of Communications (MIC) will realize this dream when they meet Bollywood's renowned director and producer Mahesh Bhatt. The institute has organized a 45-minute interaction programme for its students with the Bollywood biggie on its campus at 2pm on September 28.MIC offers about six courses related to journalism, communications and filmmaking. MIC director Varadesh Hiregange told TOI that this programme with Mahesh Bhat, who has wide experience in film industry will certainly enrich students understanding about cinema and the present day challenges faced by the film industry.Students are waiting to meet the eminent personality of Indian film industry. Isha Parida, a BA student of journalism and communication says it is a great opportunity to ask questions related to movies to Mahesh Bhatt and to learn many things about filmmaking because he has been in movie industry for the past many decades.\"This kind of exposure will boost students' confidence to build career in the film industry,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443560", "title": "Child rape: Chargesheet filed against Pascal Mazurier", "text": "BANGALORE: Cubbon Park police chargesheeted French consulate employee Pascal Mazurier for allegedly raping his 4-year-old daughter.The 39-year-old deputy head of chancery was arrested on June 19 following a complaint filed by wife Suja Jones, 37. Filed in the court of 8th Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Nagalinge Gowda on Sept. 12, the 160-page chargesheet cited the complaint and listed 38 witnesses and 44 pieces of material evidence.\"We are waiting for a report from the Forensic Sciences Laboratory, Hyderabad to present a final chargesheet,\" Monday's chargesheet said.It quotes Pascal claiming he is innocent. \"The allegations are baseless. It is a trap laid by my wife, who did not want to come with me to South Africa where I had been transferred ,\" he is quoted as saying. Investigating officials said forensic tests found swab samples provided by the hospital which examined the victim did not match DNA samples of the accused and the victim. They said the child told them, \"I love papa and I miss him.\"HC HEARING ON FRIDAYJustice HN Nagamohan Das of the high court has posted to Friday the hearing of Pascal's bail petition. The court was told that police had already filed a chargesheet. The government pleader sought time to file objections. Pascal contended that the trial court failed to appreciate the fact that he enjoyed diplomatic immunity and also that the forensic report found that his DNA sample and swab samples taken from his daughter did not match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442539", "title": "Robbers depart with apologies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four robbers entered a doctor's house in north-east Delhi and gagged his old mother and wife. Strangely, one of the robbers' heart seemed to melt after the elderly woman called them 'son' and he pleaded with the two women to hand over the cash as he needed them for his mother's operation.The incident took place in Welcome area on Monday evening. Leela Kaushik (62) and her daughter-in-law, Ritu Kaushik (42), who is a doctor, were at their house in West Gorakh Park colony of the area. Leela's husband, T Leela Kaushik, had died a few years ago.Around 5.30pm, a man knocked at the door and introduced himself as an employee of electricity department. On the pretext of checking the meter and wiring, he conducted a thorough reccee of the house for five minutes, a source said.He then went to the drawing room and asked for a glass of water.When Ritu returned with a glass, she was shocked to see that the man had tied the hands of her mother-in-law and taped her mouth. Two more men then barged into the house and gagged her up too, asking for the keys of the almirah and lockers. A fourth accused apparently kept a watch outside.When the old woman told one of them, \"Son, you are doing a wrong thing\", one of the accused apologized, coming up with the story of his mother's operation for which he needed money.The victims then requested them to free them so that they could help him out. The robber then loosened the knot and removed the tape after which Ritu handed over the keys to the locker to him.Police sources said the four men then ransacked the house and left with all the cash and jewellery in a bag, apologizing and asking them not to raise an alarm. As he left, Ritu dialled 100 and the police arrived.The cops suspect the gang is from western UP and are looking into the involvement of an insider.In a similar incident, robbers had targeted a house in sector 41 in Noida. They first robbed the house but returned the woman's mangalsutra after she pleaded for it. They even gave the victim's child Rs 100 while leaving. They were later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16441878", "title": "Train rams into truck in Bikaner, 7 dead", "text": "JAIPUR: Seven pilgrims including two children were killed and eleven others seriously injured when a goods train rammed the truck they were travelling in at an unmanned railway crossing in Bikaner district on Monday.As the railway department sent a relief train to the spot, angry pilgrims who survived the mishap went on the rampage, pelting stones at it and then set its engine and coaches on fire. The victims were on their way to participate in a religious fare at Ramdevra in Jaisalmer district.According to the police, the mishap took place at the unmanned railway crossing situated between Chani and Indumbala area around 5am. \"A truck carrying pilgrims from 7KLD village of Rawla tehsil was on its way to Ramdevra. It was crossing some unmanned railway tracks a goods train rammed into it. The truck driver managed to jump off seconds before the accident. However, the collision was so intense that the truck was completely destroyed,\" said SHO Garnet police station Balraj Singh Maan.The officer said that three of the pilgrims died on the spot. Fifteen others were rushed to PBM Hospital at Bikaner.\"Four of the injured died while undergoing treatment while the remaining 11 are still in the hospital's ICU,\" said the officer. Those who died have been identified as Lakidevi Nayak (50), Deepchand Nayak (20), Durjan Sans (1), Mohit (1), Sanjay Sansi (15), Kisna Nayak (20) and Mahendra Sansi (20).\"A relief train had been rushed to the spot to help the victims and retrieve the goods train which had been halted on the spot after the mishap. The pilgrims first started pelting stones on the relief train and then set its engine and coaches on fire,\" said the officer.The tension prevailed for almost an hour. After receiving information of the accident, senior police and administrative officers including IG and SP rushed to the spot.Senior DCS of NW Railway, Bikaner Rajnish Kumar told TOI that it was a unmanned railway crossing and it was the truck driver who was at fault, crossing the unmanned crossing carelessly. He said railway will lodge an FIR against those pilgrims who pelted stones at the relief train and set it on fire. An FIR has been registered against the truck driver too.Pilgrimage to Ramdevra had begun on Saturday 15. Large number of pilgrims are undertaking journey to Ramdevra by means of various vehicles and thousands of them are going on foot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442395", "title": "Number of CAT applications rises", "text": "MUMBAI: The Common Admission Test (CAT) will see a larger pool of aspirants taking the exam this year as compared to its last edition. After two years of a steady fall and sluggish growth in 2011, the number of aspirants for the upcoming CAT will see the application count cross 2.10 lakh.By Saturday-end, Indian Institute of Management (IIM)-Kozhikode recorded the sale of 2.09 application vouchers. Counters were open till Monday evening and IIM officials said the number of applications would cross 2.10 lakh. IIM-Kozhikode is conducting the CAT this year.The number of aspirants who registered for the CAT in 2011 and 2010 was 2.05 lakh and 2.04 lakh, respectively. In 2009, about 2.42 lakh students had signed up for the exam. While the figures are nowhere close to what was achieved in 2008, when 2.76 lakh aspirants registered for the test, experts believe the count is bound to rise in the years to come.B-school principals feel the rise in the application count points to a global economy that is witnessing a recovery, albeit a slow one. \"Students feel that two years from now, when they pass out, the placements will be a lot better than now. So, many have probably decided to buttress their resume by adding a management degree to it,\" said an IIM faculty member. However, sources said getting into the IIMs would not be easy with the intake not rising much.This year, the examination will be a 27-day affair starting from October 11 and ending on November 6. The CAT scores decide admission to the 13 IIMs and close to 150 other Indian management schools. \"The numbers are up and I feel this is a natural growth that this test sees annually,\" said SSS Kumar, CAT-2012 convener.The format of the test remains the same. \"But we have added to the capacity at our existing centres because more students will take the CAT this year,\" added Kumar. According to the notification, like the previous year, the CAT will be a computer-based test and have two sections of 1 hour and 10 minutes each. There will be 30 questions in each section, including quantitative ability and data interpretation, verbal ability and logical reasoning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441906", "title": "Anna Salai temple may be an encroachment on govt land", "text": "CHENNAI: The Ilankali Amman temple, located next to the Saidapet bus stop on Anna Salai, could well be an encroachment on prime government land. Though the temple had been there for generations, it shot to fame in 2006 when chief minister J Jayalalithaa kicked off her assembly election campaign from there.According to an RTI application filed by activist R Natarajan, the temple spread over an area of around two grounds, has been built on government land, and should be moved. The reply from the district revenue officer does not contest this when it says the government \"will remove the encroachment\" on government lands as and when it is \"required for a public purpose.\" \"No other department has approached the government for public use of the temple land,\" the reply said.The removal of the temple was discussed in 2006 when the corporation and highways department wanted to widen Anna Salai. The matter was then taken to court, and is still stuck in litigation.The colourful structure at the end of the bus stop has often seen many dignitaries like former governor M Chenna Reddy, AIADMK leaders and senior IAS officers visiting the temple. The deity, Goddess Amman, is believed to be powerful, because this is the only place where the deity faces the north. \"All her other idols, and other Gods like Shiva, Murugan and Perumal face the East,\" said the temple's caretaker and manager, Krishnamurthy Raja.Raja said the situation is the other way round. He says the existing Saidapet stretch of Anna Salai and the bus stop, used to belong to his family. His ancestors had been managing the temple for more than 300 years. \"I have records of the temple being managed by my family for three centuries. This land was owned by the Nawabs, who handed it over to our family when the British took over,\" he said. Raja added that the government acquired the land at Rs 20% of its value, and since it was for a public purpose the family agreed.The collector promised to look into the matter, but refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16442762", "title": "Raj dictating terms to Democratic Front govt: Azmi", "text": "YAVATMAL: \"It is unfortunate that the Congress-led Democratic Front government has become passive in front of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray and is virtually allowing him to dictate terms to it,\" Samajwadi Party MLA Abu Azmi said in a press conference on Sunday. He was in the city along with his party's Kranti Rath Yatra aiming to muster public support for a third front as a viable alternative to Congress and BJP. The rath, which was flagged off on September 15, has already covered Nagpur, Wardha and Yavatmal districts of Vidarbha. It will cover Washim and Amravati in the first leg and resume after the Ganesh festival.According to Azmi, work at many industries and construction sites in Mumbai has ground to a halt for want of labourers from Bihar , UP and West Bengal. \"This sad situation is caused by Raj Thackeray and his party activists who threaten people coming from outside,\" Azmi said. He wondered whether the situation had come to such a pass that one was left to wonder whether 'the state is governed by Raj Thackeray'. Azmi urged the State Govt to file an FIR against Raj Thackeray for treason. The government arrested innocent people in the Azad Maidan protest rally and the action was taken at the behest of MNS and Shiv Sena , he alleged.Regarding the prevailing condition of farmers, Azmi trained his guns at the state government which he said had failed to introduce a farmer friendly agriculture policy so far. \"The farmers may be committing suicide due to various reasons but the main reason is financial constraints,\" he added.Highlighting the policies adopted by his party in Uttar Pradesh for farmers, Azmi said that a competitive price was given to the agriculture produces and there is equilibrium in production input cost and output cost which is missing in Maharashtra. The UP government has ensured credit card, free water and electricity to farmers to stabilize their financial status. However, the Congress led governments in the centre and Maharashtra have miserable failed in the agriculture sector due to wrong policies, Azmi added.The Congress government is depriving the constitutional rights and protection of minority communities, especially Muslims, he alleged, and pointed out that the chairmen of Hajj House Committee, Wakf Board and Urdu Academy are not yet appointed. Sachar Committee recommendations are not implemented. If the government fails to implement the recommendations before December, a protest rally of lakhs of people would be taken to the state assembly on December 13 during the winter session at Nagpur, he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443727", "title": "Cong Lingayats want new party leader", "text": "BANGALORE: A delegation of Lingayat leaders from Congress besides those belonging to backward classes from Karnataka is camping in New Delhi seeking a change in party leadership in the state. This, even as the Congress leadership in the national capital has been confabulating on reportedly making changes in the AICC and chief ministers of some states.Caste equations and simmering dissent against KPCC president G Parameshwara have made a group of former and current Lingayat legislators to demand the change. Veteran Congressman Shamanur Shivashankarappa, who is eyeing the KPCC president's post, is leading the rebel group, which comprises legislators like B C Patil, Mahadeva Prasad and PM Ashok, former minister Rani Satish and former legislators K C Kondaiah and V S Ugrappa. The delegation is likely to meet AICC president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday.These leaders are positing the argument that it would be difficult for the Congress to emerge victorious if Lingayats, a dominant community in the state, are ignored. They are citing the BJP's aggressive strategies to woo the Lingayats, who supported the saffron party in the 2008 elections. Besides the caste calculation, they claim Parameshwara has failed to take all caste groups and leaders along in building the party.Meanwhile, Opposition leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah was summoned by the high command to New Delhi. He met party general secretary Rahul Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16443679", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: Stage set for the utsav", "text": "KANPUR: The city-based Maharashtrian Community, along with 'Sarvajanik Shree Ganesh Utsav Samiti' performed community puja of as many as 151 statues of Lord Ganesh carved in various forms and styles at Brijendra Swarup park here on Monday.The two day pre-Ganpati utsav will continue on Tuesday after which the idols will be carried to several Ganesh 'pandals' across the city on Wednesday ahead of the ten-day Ganpati Utsav starting from September 19 this year, in Bhadra according to the Hindu calendar and ends on Anant Chaturdash.The 'Sarvajanik Shree Ganesh Utsav Samiti' has been organising this community Ganpati festival for the past several years. The festivity has come a long way since the time it was celebrated among only the Maharashtrians living in the city.These 151 statues were a collection of nearly 75 per cent of the Ganpati Idols which will soon be installed in pandals, erected for Ganesh Utsav. Even those who will be performing the puja in their homes put up the idols for praan-pratistha (invocation) in the community hall at the park. A large number of devotees visit these pandals to see Ganesh idols made by more than 50 experienced sculptors from across the country. Some of the idols displayed in the community hall were brought from Mumbai.Last year nearly 1.5 lakh citizens joined the Maharashtrian community people for Ganpati visarjan (dispersal). \"We make and distribute idols on a large scale in the city as well as in the nearby areas. This year our artisans have made nearly 150 different Ganesh idols in various 'avtaars' and moods,\" said Prakash Khadvarkar, organiser of the event.Most of the idols are made of plaster of Paris all of them displayed are different from each other. The sculptors and artists have tried new ways to portray the Ganesha 'leela' in various forms. \"We made the idols in various forms such as 'Ganesh with Radha Rani', 'Ganesh sitting on moon' ...with the computer and other gadgets, etc,\" said Harish Bhaudaria, another organiser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16440723", "title": "Gaganjeet Bhullar grabs third Asian Tour title", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"All it needed was patience,\" said Gaganjeet Bhullar after wrapping up a four-shot victory at the typhoon-shortened $500,000 Yeangder TPC in Chinese Taipei on Monday.Having come close nine days ago in Malaysia , it was Bhullar's turn to reverse the tables on Thaworn Wiratchant, but not before experiencing a few nervous moments in the hotel room as two days of golf were washed out.\"One had to be steady on the field as well as off it but it's all about mental preparation,\" said the Kapurthala golfer, who sealed the third Asian Tour title of his career and a $79,250 cheque with a three-day total of 12-under 212.There were moments he felt the momentum swing his way, only for the weather to pause the proceedings. \"Having played in these parts before, you know what to expect and really, it's not in your hands so why worry about it?\"The important thing was to restart on the same page. \"I have been confident off the tee this season, and I knew it was a matter of time. Every golfer will tell you it's ultimately down to the short game and it happened this week, I could feel the tide turning my way.\"Having taken a one-shot overnight lead, Bhullar could hear the good tidings blowing in the wind. \"I was confident the moment I teed off. It is easy to say but it's all about doing your pre-shot routine properly, visualizing your goals and staying focused. It's not every day that you execute it properly but I felt this was my week.\"Gusts of wind did shake his confidence on the 11th and 13th as he saw his lead clipped to one shot. But the wise young man was not in a meltdown mood. \"I have been through this so many times,\" he said.The par-save on the 14th was the turning point, and he followed it with another on the 15th. \"That gave me the push.\" A 20-footer on the 16th extended his lead and with a three-shot lead walking on to the par-5 18th, he celebrated his triumph by reaching the fringes of the greens in two and sinking a given birdie, finishing with a 69.The journey, it seems, has just begun with five more weeks of uninterrupted golf as he takes his renewed confidence to Japan next week for the Asia-Pacific Panasonic Open. And he is hoping to stretch it to six weeks and qualify for the PGA Tour-Asia joint-sanctioned CIMB. \"Tiger's playing there,\" he remarked wistfully.One could feel his longing for the big events. \"It has been an up-and down year. Apart from Myanmar , I have either finished in the top-10 or missed the cut. Consistency is the primary thing. I can say that I'm on my way,\" he set his goal.\"I'll put this win down to experience. The more I play globally, the more I learn. I'm only 24 and there's so much more to understand,\" he said, glancing towards distant shores.For now, he can reflect on the step made in Taiwan .Final scores (54 holes): 204 (12-under) - Gaganjeet Bhullar 66-69-69; 208 (8-under) - Jason Knutzon (USA) 66-71-71, Thaworn Wiratchant (THA) 70-66-72. Selected scores: 212 (4-under) - Himmat Rai 71-70-71 (tied 9th), 214 (2-under) - Anirban Lahiri 68-74-72 (tied 21st).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16446980", "title": "One killed as bus knocks down motorcycle", "text": "CHENNAI: A six-year-old boy was killed and three others sustained injuries when the bike on which they were travelling was hit by an MTC bus near Raj Bhavan, Guindy on Monday evening.Four of them identified as Thedeon Balaprasad, 6, Aravindan, 16, Jaffer, 13, and Jayaprakash, 13 from Venkatapuram, Saidapet, were riding on a scooty when the accident happned.Police said MTC bus 54 (broadway to Poonamallee) hit the bike which Aravidan was riding when he tried to take a right turn near Raj Bhavan. The four who fell down from the vehicle when Balaprasad came under the wheels of the MTC bus. They were taken to the Government General Hospital where Thedeon succumbed to the injuries. The others are said to be out of danger.The Guindy traffic investigation police have registered a case and arrested the bus driver Tamzhilvanan of Thirumazhisai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442677", "title": "PIL questions Sonia's photo in Centre's advertisement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The political debate over the Centre and the state's contributions in development projects has now reached the Gujarat high court.After a PIL objecting to chief minister Narendra Modi's advertisement campaign against the Centre, another PIL has been filed in the HC taking exception to publication of Sonia Gandhi's photograph in the central government's advertisement. The PIL may come up for hearing later this week.The petitioner Dhaval Shah has sought court's directions to the ministry of information &amp; broadcasting and the ministry of statistics &amp; programme implementation to stop publication and withdrawal of advertisement showing Sonia Gandhi's photographs in the Centre's advertisement titled as \"Twenty-Point Programme and Central Sector Projects - Contributing to Gujarat's Overall Development\".Shah's contention is Gandhi is not a constitutional functionary or a part of the government. She is the chairperson of the United Progressive Alliance ( UPA), but does not hold any official position on which the President is an appointing authority. Hence, the Centre cannot use her photograph.The PIL alleges that the Congress party leader's photograph is used in advertisement campaign to gain political mileage in the state assembly elections that are due in December.Besides, the petition has also expressed reservation against the details published in the advertisement. Citing certain figures, it stated that the Centre does not give credit to the state government, but usurps the credit for all development projects instead.The PIL claimed that Gujarat pays Rs 60,000 crore to the Centre towards various taxes, but in reply gets only Rs 8,000 from the Centre towards development projects. The Centre furnishes false data in order to misguide people ahead of elections, since this is a BJP-ruled state.\"The advertisement deliberately contains incorrect details, not disclosing the contribution made by the state. The central government takes the credit as if it is fully funding the projects without even referring to the state's contribution,\" reads the PIL that dubs the Centre's publication as \"mischievous\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16444398", "title": "Kozhikode corporation master plan hits a roadblock", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation's move to submit the master plan for the overall development of the city and the panchayats of Kadalundy, Feroke, Ramanattukkara and Olavanna to the state government is likely to be delayed by a month.It was scheduled to be submitted by September-end, but has hit a roadblock following reservations expressed by people's representative at a meeting in the council hall on September 8.Following this, mayor A K Premajam has decided to conduct a sector-wise consultation of the projects with experts in the fields and formulate the best possible development plan for the 2011-2031.G Sasikumar, regional town planner, said the master plan would be published only after the doubts raised by the people's representatives had been cleared. But every effort would be made to publish it by this month-end, he added.\"Considering the anxiety of the people, the office has decided to leave the matter to the corporation to consult the experts before making the final draft of the plan. At the meeting, we presented only the new developmental plans and tools which would accelerate a planned development in the next two years,\" he said.\"We hope to resolve the apprehensions of the representatives in a meeting or two as the plan has answers to all the issues they had raised at the Sept 8 meeting. The main thrust at the meeting was on the need to formulate a plan for education, but it is already there in the plan. Around 500 acres of land has been set-aside at Ramanattukkara to develop an education hub,\" said the town planner. The plan is expected to cover 7.77 lakh people in a geographical area of 177.08 sq km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16440996", "title": "Man with terror links held in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A man with alleged links with a Pakistan terror outfit was taken into custody by the 'Q' branch of Trichy on Monday. Police said A Tamim Ansari (38) was nabbed at Trichy's Tollgate junction as he was about to board a flight to Sri Lanka with a number of secret Indian naval documents and graphics in discs.Sources said they had prior information that a person with links to a Pakistani terrorist organisation was planning to pass on information to the Pakistani embassy in Sri Lanka.Ansari was into exporting foreign footwear and vegetables. An intelligence officer said that the business was only a facade. He also had photographs of the Trichy airport shot from various angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443160", "title": "Power cables cut, airport plunges into darkness", "text": "KOLKATA: The city airport plunged into darkness for around five hours on Monday afternoon after power lines were disrupted by labourers at Baranagar in north Kolkata. The airport just about managed to stay afloat, maintaining the vital operations with the aid of generators. But passengers, airline staff and security personnel had a tough time going about their business in semi-darkness.According to CESC that supplies power to the airport, contract labourers engaged by Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) cut off the main as well as standby power cables by mistake. KMDA is carrying out a drainage and sewerage augmentation work on BT Road.\"Two 33KV cable lines were accidentally hacked opposite Baranagar police station, cutting off supply to airport. A third 33KV line, which supplies power to the new terminal, is functioning. But since it is not linked to the existing domestic and international terminals, power could not be diverted from there. We are trying to get the transformer started on backfeed,\" said a CESC official. While the transformer converts power from 33KV or 33,000 volt to 6KV or 6,000 volt, the CESC engineers attempted to inject 6KV supply from the other end to restore to 33KV supply line.According to airport officials, power suddenly went off at 3.14pm, plunging the terminal into darkness. While the new integrated terminal nearing completion is designed to make optimum use of natural light, the current building has no skylight and hence, is dependant entirely on electricity for illumination even during daytime.Though backup generators were pressed into service, they are powerful enough to just about maintain emergency functions. With non-critical systems like air-conditioning off, it turned stuffy inside the terminal. Since the terminals at the airlines' check-in desks did not function, carriers had to check in passengers and issue boarding passes manually. In the security check area, two X-ray machines could not be operated due to supply constraints, but it did not hamper the situation since passenger load was low at the time.After dusk, the city side of the terminal where passengers are dropped off and picked up also turned pitch-dark, raising security concerns. CISF deployed additional personnel in the foyer outside the entry and exit gates.\"The power disruption to the airport inconvenienced passengers and airlines. Our generator supply managed to keep flights in operation,\" said airport director BP Sharma. Power supply was finally restored at 8.05 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442486", "title": "Bollywood actors to make Chandigarh cultural hub", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Renowned actors from Bollywood are all set to mark their presence in the city during the five-day theatre extravaganza that would be staged at Tagore Theatre from September 21 to 25. The third edition of Chandigarh Theatre Festival is being organized by department of cultural affairs, Chandigarh administration in collaboration with Tagore Theatre Society.It aims to present the best contemporary productions in theatre from across the country to the theatre loving people of Chandigarh and establish Chandigarh as a cultural hub in this region.The festival will see Seema Biswas, Yashpal Sharma and Arun Datti Naag coming to the city. The festival will open on September 21 at 7pm with the play, \"Jivito Mrito\" by Vivadi Theatre Group, Delhi, directed by Anuradha Kapur and staging Seema Biswas.On September 22, \"Piya Behroopiya\" by The Company Theatre, Mumbai, directed by Atul Kumar and based on one of Shakespeare's best-known comedies \"The Twelfth Night\" will be staged. Director Dadi D Padam's play \"Kalpataru\" by The Ishara Puppet Theatre Trust, Delhi, a performance on nature and life, with shadow puppets, projection, music and actors will be staged on September 23 and \"Bikhre Bimb\" by Ranga Shankra Theatre, Bangalore, directed by Girish Karnad and hailed as one of the landmark plays of recent times will be held on September 24. The festival will conclude with the staging of play \"Yaar Banaa Buddy\", featuring Bollywood actor Yashpal Sharma and directed by Nadira Zaheer Babbar (Ekjute Theatre Group, Mumbai) on September 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442697", "title": "Get ready to pay for water use", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Instead of hinging on a pilot project for metering Jodhpur ward, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is of the opinion that metered water connection should be extended to the entire city at a single go. It will take the project five years to be implemented in the entire city in phases. The hurry being that unless the city plans for a metered supply, the AMC will not be eligible for the second phase of the JNNURM funds.In an urgent move, AMC commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra has suggested that the pilot project for metered 24X7 water supply only for Jodhpur area should be scrapped. Mohapatra has cited high project fee proposed by the consultant and the agency compared to other cities and the sheer absence of a basic plan of action for the decision to scrap the Jodhpur plan.\"Nobody had any clue as to how to implement the project. Basic studies on water distribution networks, water demand studies, water supply management, recovery of costs and the 24X7 network design were not included before the tender was released,\" says Mohapatra.After the detailed plan is prepared, a pilot project will be floated in highly urbanized Jodhpurgam ward again besides in Chharodi, which is a semi-urban cluster. While the pilot project is commissioned in these areas, the detailed project report (DPR) for metering water across the city and its implementation will be carried out simultaneously.The per capita consumption of water in Ahmedabad is 170 to180 litres per individual per day, while the WHO suggests that ideally it should be 130 litres per individual. In Jodhpurgam, Bodakdev, Drive-In, Satellite and surrounding areas, the wastage is maximum and water is consumed at a rate of 230 litres per individual per day. \"We charge just 30 per cent of the water processing charges from the citizens,\" says a senior AMC official.In a nationwide conclave on 24X7 water supply held in Ahmedabad few weeks ago, the AMC officials realized that unless a water metering plan is drawn for the entire city, the project will be a failure. This they learnt from experiences of other cities like Hoogly-Dharwad twin cities, Nagpur, Pimpri-Chinchwad and the Delhi Jal Board (DJB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16443856", "title": "Violators drive through loopholes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Violators must pay. Strangely, this standard traffic norm does not apply to undisciplined motorists who jump lanes and choke up the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway toll plaza. Booking violators is possible only when NHAI toll rules are amended. Citing this single reason, the government has always shot down the proposal to penalize non-tag users who enter dedicated tag lanes.However, Uttar Pradesh has already set an example with the Yamuna Expressway. Section 6 of the Uttar Pradesh Expressway (Levy of Tolls and fixing of Fees and realization there of) Rules, 2010 has provisions for hefty penalty in case of such a violation.\"... Any driver, owner or person in charge of a mechanical vehicle not in possession of on board unit (OBU) or smart card but opts to use dedicated lanes meant for OBU/smart card may be required to pay additional fee equal to five times of the applicable fees to the concessionaire in addition to applicable fees,\" the rule says.A senior executive of Jaypee, which built the Yamuna Expressway , said no one dares to enter the tag lanes as violations would cost errant commuters six times the toll fee. Though similar measures on the Gurgaon Expressway were mooted by the contractor DGSCL, the suggestion was turned down on the ground that legislation was needed. \"This requires change in the NH Act and has to be passed by Parliament. There is a need to bring this change since use of smart tags is a prerequisite to improve vehicle clearance at toll plazas,\" said an official in the ministry of road transport and highways.Now, with Punjab and Haryana high court stepping in, both the developer and NHAI would seek its direction to allow penalizing of violators, bypassing the need for legislation. The ministry, too, needs to be proactive on this front if it plans to implement the electronic toll collection (ETC) system by 2014. This will allow commuters to zip through all toll plazas across the country with a single tag. \"If people have to wait at toll plazas even after paying for the facility in advance, then who will buy tags? I don't find any use of the tag on Gurgaon Expressway,\" said Chetan Agrawal, a regular commuter. Smooth traffic flow on such a busy stretch requires that at least 70% of vehicles should be on tags or pay toll through electronic mode. At present, only 1.15 lakh tags are in circulation and 75,000 are regularly used. This means not even 30% of the commuters on this stretch use tags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16446522", "title": "Patiala: Punjabi University IAS center organizes special lecture", "text": "PATIALA: IAS and allied services centre of Punjabi University organized a special lecture by GK Singh, deputy commissioner Patiala, for the students who are enrolled in this centre for IAS coaching.Punjabi University vice chancellor Dr Jaspal Singh presided over the Seminar. While interacting with the students Singh stressed the need for the students to know about their own language, literature and culture. He also gave valuable tips to the administrative services aspirants. While presiding over the function Vice Chancellor Dr. Jaspal Singh appreciating the efforts of IAS and Allied Services centre of Punjabi University in extending the scope of the competitive exams for the rural students he extended fullest spot and cooperation to the centre. He advised the students to prepare whole heartedly for their competitive exams as there was no alternative to hard work.Earlier, welcoming the guests Dr Harjinder Pal Singh Walia, Director of the IAS and Allied Services Centre of Punjabi University informed that the centre was starting new course for PCS and teacher eligibility test. The Vice Chancellor honored GK Singh and Varinder Sharma, IAS SDM Mansa on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442545", "title": "Senate polls: 93% turnout in phase 3", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The third phase of elections for the formation of a new senate of Panjab University witnessed a record polling across five centres in Chandigarh and Punjab, with the turnout crossing 93% mark on Monday.The elections are being contested for four seats -- two of professors and two from assistant professor-cum-associate professor constituency. Their results will be announced on Wednesday.Of 210 votes of professors' constituency, 196 turned up to vote. In Chandigarh centre of polling on PU campus, out of 411 voters in the assistant and associate professor constituency, 382 turned up.These four crucial seats will decide who represents the teachers' fraternity in the next PU senate. The polls are also crucial in terms of fierce competition between rivals G K Chathrath and Ashok Goyal, both sitting senators of PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443471", "title": "Extending campaign time may hamper government's decision-making", "text": "The idea of a longer campaign seems attractive on the face of it because it would certainly give more time for the electorate to be made aware of the pluses and minuses of various candidates. However, there is a serious downside to the proposal which must be dealt with. The model code of conduct is in force from the moment the elections are announced to the day of the polls. While it prevents ruling parties from abusing their power to give sops to voters, it also does act as a constraint on government decision making. If it is in operation for a longer period, that could become a more serious problem than it currently is.Related story:  Can't extend campaign time, Election Commission says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441228", "title": "Sanitation drive to touch select roads", "text": "HYDERABAD: After launching the spruce-up of roads with an eye on CoP 11, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has prepared an action plan to take up a special sanitation drive along the routes to be taken by the delegates at the global meet.A month-long special sanitation drive would be taken up along 91 stretches comprising those roads which lead to the CoP 11 venue, delegates' hotels and places of historical interest and tourist spots. These roads are thus set to be litter and garbage free for a month, beginning September 20.Additional GHMC commissioner (health and sanitation), L Vandan Kumar, on Monday said that the drive would cover a cumulative road length of 197km and deploy over 100 vehicles and 1,020 sanitation staff. \"Over 180 sanitary field assistants (SFA), donning special jackets, will be posted along these roads from 6am to 8pm to monitor sanitation work,\" Vandan Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442080", "title": "First for SC: Post-dated bail for Nupur Talwar", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first of its kind order, the Supreme Court on Monday granted post-dated bail to Nupur Talwar in the case of the murder of her daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, putting her at par with husband Rajesh Talwar, who has been on bail in the case since July 11, 2008.The apex court said she would be released on bail on September 25, by when the prosecution must complete examination of any other witness crucial to proving its case during the trial. But it clarified that the trial court would release her on bail on that day even if the CBI fails to complete examination of witnesses.After additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra said most of the 13 prosecution witnesses in the case had been examined, a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar said it was inclined to grant bail to Nupur, who has been in custody for nearly five months and had sought parity with her husband, co-accused in the double murder case.The bench left it to the trial court's discretion when it came to specifying bail conditions for Nupur's release from jail.On April 27, the Supreme Court had refused to stay the non-bailable arrest warrants issued by the trial court against Nupur and had asked her to surrender. She had surrendered on April 30 and has been lodged in judicial custody.Appearing for Nupur, senior advocates Harish Salve and K V Vishwanathan argued that she deserved to get parity with her co-accused husband, who has been on bail for the last four years, and that there was remote possibility of the trial concluding by December 31, as was estimated by Luthra on behalf of the CBI.Nupur was taken into custody for the first time since the twin murders in their Noida house on May 16, 2008. The apex court on June 7 this year had rejected her plea for review of its January 6 order directing her to face trial along with her husband. The Ghaziabad magistrate had summoned both Rajesh and Nupur as accused in the case on February 9, 2011.In her bail petition filed before the apex court through advocate Sandeep Kapur, Nupur had challenged the Allahabad High Court's May 31 order refusing her relief. Nupur had said, \"The HC while passing the order failed to appreciate that the petitioner ought to have been granted bail on the ground of parity as the co-accused, that is the petitioner's husband Rajesh Talwar, has already been enlarged on bail and his bail order also has been confirmed and affirmed by the Supreme Court by its January 9 order.\"She had also requested the court to consider the statutory provisions advising the courts to give special consideration to women in bail matters. Nupur had said \"as such the trial in the matter has commenced and no reasonable purpose is being served by the incarceration of the petitioner\". Keeping her in custody was hindering a fair opportunity to defend in the trial, she had said.The magistrate had summoned the husband-wife duo in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case while rejecting the CBI's final report requesting closure of the case for want of evidence against any person. The trial court had in a detailed order said the circumstantial evidence pointed the needle of suspicion to the couple, mainly on the basis of 'last seen with' theory.Criticizing the magistrate's order summoning them as accused, Nupur said, \"The special judicial magistrate while completely ignoring the plea of further investigation made by the petitioner's husband and without even calling for the entire record of the investigation for perusal came to a conclusion that there is sufficient basis for taking prima facie cognizance against the petitioner and her husband.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443811", "title": "Experts seek women's participation in science", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The National Academy of Sciences, India (NASI), Allahabad, organised a pre-workshop brainstorming session on \"Women's Participation in Science\". A large number of women scientists, members of faculty, women research scholars and postgraduate students of Allahabad University, PG colleges, participated in it.Prof AK Bakshi, vice-chancellor, UP Rajashree Tandon University was the chief guest while Prof Sumati Rao, Pratima Gaur and Shivani Chaturvedi were guests of honour.Many resource persons spoke on issues of relevance to women for knowledge sharing and problem solving and also to gear up for the upcoming workshop on \"Defining role of women scientist and teachers in promotion and application of science and technology\" being organised by Prof Manju Sharma, NASI woman scientist chair. The workshop will be held eld on October 5-6.Highlighting the importance of education NASI general secretary Prof Krishna Misra said the role of women in society is vital for its progress, adding that women are great human resource and therefore, it is essential to educate them. \"If you teach a woman, the whole society will be educated,\" he said.Prof Sumati Rao said due to patriarchal society and negative attitude arising from cultural and societal values it is difficult for women to pursue their educational career, especially in rural areas. The women's educational opportunities could be enhanced only if the perspectives are changed. Prof Pratima Gaur said, \"Many women suffer from low self-esteem and are always discouraged by their families. They must be stimulated to pursue their innate capacities and rise above this inferiority.\" Bakshi said, \"Women must be educated and science education is pivotal tor women as it provides a scientific approach to thinking, and helps them understand things better.\" He said every woman, particularly those in rural areas, should get the opportunity to study science for dealing and analysing socio-economic and health issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443368", "title": "46 mining lessees get notice from environment ministry", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that dump mining has been taking place in Goa, Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) issued notices to 46 lease holders asking them to show cause within 15 days as to why environmental clearances (EC) granted to them should not be revoked and their mines closed.In the order dated September 11, MoEF deputy director Neeraj Khatri said, \"The EC didn't include dump mining within its scope.\"As per the ministry's directions, the mining sites were inspected by MoEF's regional office at Bangalore and the inspection report, revealed that \"dump mining has been found to have taken place\" in these mines.Khatri said two EC conditions have been violated. The conditions are: No change in mining technology and scope of working shall be made without prior approval of MoEF, and no change in the calendar plan including excavation, quantum of mineral, iron ore and waste shall be made.The order stated that in view of the violation of the two conditions, the lease owner is directed to show cause within 15 days of the issue of the notice as to why the EC granted to their unit should not be revoked and the direction for closure of the mine should not be issued under the Environment Protection Act, 1986.Khatri also stated that if no satisfactory reply is received within 15 days, the ministry would take \"necessary action as deemed fit and appropriate in the circumstances of the case without any further notice\".ECs of 139 mines kept in abeyanceFive days after announcing its decision, Union ministry of environment and forests on Monday kept environmental clearances (EC) of 139 mines in abeyance. Mining companies will have to submit documents for verification %of EC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442449", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav to launch Azam Khan's dream project in Rampur", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly six years after its foundation stone was laid, Rampur's Mohammad Ali Jauhar University, the dream project of senior Samajwadi Party leader and cabinet minister Azam Khan , will finally be thrown open to students on Tuesday. SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav will formally inaugurate the university in presence of UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.Built over an area of around 300 acres in Rampur, the university is situated on the banks of Kosi river that flows all along the university for a distance of two and a half miles and forms its natural boundary. The Rs 300 crore project comprises a school of humanities, law, education, engineering and technology, nursing, and a medical college. While the engineering college was already in operation, the entire campus will now get operational.Keen on establishing himself as a one of the tallest Muslim leaders, Azam has left no stone upturned for a gala event on the occasion in Rampur, his hometown and assembly constituency. SP sources said that almost all leaders would be flying to Rampur to attend the opening ceremony. Many leaders from the west UP reportedly arrived in Rampur on Monday itself.Azam had been camping in the district for the past many days to take stock of the situation. He, in fact, skipped the unemployment dole distribution ceremony of Akhilesh Yadav on September 9 to monitor the preparations himself.The university became a prestige issue for Azam who wanted to be the lifelong vice-chancellor of the university. The proposal, which was moved in the cabinet during the previous regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav, was, turned down by the then UP governor TV Rajeswar. But that did not deter Azam as he decided to get the institution a private status and himself became the trustee and chancellor of the university.The university was in for another shocker after Mayawati government denied the permission to start the university, even though it allowed an engineering college to function with an affiliation to the GB Technical University (GBTU).The SP, however, soon after coming to power in March, gave an instant permission to establish the university. Now, Azam demanded a minority status for the university, like in case of Integral University in Lucknow, Teerthankar Mahaveer University in Moradabad and Mangalyatan University in Aligarh. The bill passed by the assembly in this regard, however, is still pending before governor BL Joshi.The coming up of university not only projects Azam as a top Muslim leader but also gives the SP an opportunity to consolidate its Muslim vote bank. Interestingly, the website of the university which is still under construction, speaks of Mulayam Singh Yadav as the chief minister who has been instrumental in getting a university of minority character to the people of Rampur.'' It further states Mulayam Singh Yadav has championed the cause of minorities every time it was needed ... his political life is an endless saga of struggle for public causes. Rampur salutes him ...''The website also identifies Azam as an 'inspiration' and 'mass leader' whose philosophy and political career signify a 'rising' of the poor, downtrodden, oppressed and illiterate populace of Rampur against the rich, educated but oppressive rulers of erstwhile Rampur estate.''Azam, as a matter of fact, had been busy raising funds for the university. But while doing so, he has been giving the issue a political spin by terming Congress and BJP as the biggest opponents of the university. In fact, in June, while speaking at a function in Mumbai, Azam went on say that they did not want Muslims to get educated.Mohammad Ali JauharMohammad Ali Jauhar was a pre-independence Indian National Congress leader, who led 'Khilafat' delegation to London and established Jamia Millia Islamia at Aligarh after his return. Born in Rampur and youngest of the five brothers, Jauhar became chairman of Indian National Congress in 1923 post his release after two years of imprisonment. He was a staunch supporter of freedom and emerged as the greatest votary of complete independence at the round table conference of 1930. He attended the round table conference in London and while delivering his speech he said, \"Either give me freedom or give me two yards place for my grave. I do not want to go back in a slave country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16443948", "title": "Steps stand testimony to MCC\u2019s apathy", "text": "MANGALORE: Steep steps of Kodialbail post office stand testimony to the Mangalore City Corporation's (MCC) lackadaisical attitude in planning developmental works. When MCC took up the widening of the PVS - Navabharath Circle Road, it acquired about six feet land of the post office and cut a portion of the steps vertically. The narrow steps now pose serious troubles to people, especially senior citizens, who depend on the post office for various works like paying bills and receiving pension. Sources in the post office told TOI that the city corporation had agreed to provide a separate entrance with convenient steps.\"However, they went back from the promise citing financial crunch as reason. Now, all our customers blame us for not providing proper way to the office. It is not the fault of us,\" said the source and urged the corporation authorities to do the needful to rectify the issue.According to Mahabala Shetty, a resident of Kodialbail, climbing the steep steps is a \"Herculean task\". \"I am a regular visitor to the post office to get many of my works done. Today, I came here to pay the telephone bill and similarly I have to depend on the office for several other purposes. It is really an uphill task to reach the post office,\" he said.Yakshagana artiste Prabhakar Joshi said that senior citizen are falling prey to the apathy of officials . \"They could have reduced the steepness of the steps, if they had changed the plan a bit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442036", "title": "'Robbery motive in Kwatra killing'", "text": "MUMBAI: The police, probing the murder of Navraj Kwatra (65), son of late Punjabi writer Amrita Pritam, are coming round to the view that robbery could have been the motive. However, they do not have enough evidence to rule out the personal enmity angle.Kwatra was strangled to death by two assailants at his Borivli flat on Friday. The probe is in advanced stage and after verifying details, the motive it may be confirmed, said police.Portfolios of several women, condoms, a sex toy and Viagra tablets were recovered from Kwatra's studio. Earlier, cops were looking at the personal enmity angle as the accused had left behind two cameras and Kwatra's mobile.However, it has been learnt that the accused left with a handy-cam and cash and the police feel the duo must have left behind other valuables as a building resident rang the studio's doorbell.The resident, while walking to his flat on the upper floor, had seen the accused enter Kwatra's flat. He came down after hearing Kwatra scream and rang the bell. As there was no response, he ran towards the building's rear end to check through the window. In the meantime, the accused opened the front door and fled.Cops say someone known to Kwatra may have tipped the accused. Girls, some who work in bars, who used to visit Kwatra's studio are being grilled. Till Monday, 60 women were quizzed. Some of these girls work in bars and used to visit the deceased for a portfolio.They knew Kwatra was rich and generous, cops said.We are verifying whether any of these girls shared Kwatra's financial details with friends,\" said police.The police had found around 500 pictures of different females from the deceased house.Investigators are gradually coming round to the view that robbery could have been the motive behind the LIC Colony murder but say they do not have enough evidence to completely rule out the possibility of personal enmity behind the killing.The officers stated that the investigation is on advance stage and after the verification of the details they almost firm that the accused came with intention to rob the house. To get a clue in the case, the police are grilling the girls who used to visit the deceased studio.65-year-old, Navraj Kwatra, son of the late Punjabi writer Amrita Pritam, was killed at his studio at LIC Colony in Borivli (west). The police have recovered portfolios of several female, condoms, a sex toy and Viagra tablets from the studio. Earlier, the police was suspecting that personal enmity could be the reason behind the killing as the accused left behind the two expensive cameras and deceased mobile.The police said that they learnt that the accused had took away a handy-cam and cash from the house and left behind other valuables after a building resident rang the studio's door bell.A neighbour walking to his flat on an upper floor of the building had seen two suspects entering the deceased flat and he came down after hearing Kwatra scream. The resident rang Kwatra's doorbell to check him but there was no response. He then ran towards the rear of the building and tried to peep inside a window when the suspects opened the door and fled. The police said that after verification of the details they believe that someone known to the deceased had tipped the accused for the robbery.The police had grilled several girls and women after the killing, few of them were working in the bars and they visited Kwatra's studio for their portfolio. The police learnt that many females were aware that Kwatra was rich as he was very generous with them. An officer said, \"We yet to come reach on conclusion. We are verifying if any of them had shared the deceased financial details with their friends.\"The police had found around 500 photo of different females from the deceased house and they had questioned around 60 females in the case till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446143", "title": "Yuvraaj bags international film by stripping", "text": "Yuvraaj Parashar lead actor of internationally acclaimed film Dunno Y...Na Jaane Kyun has signed his first international film.But to get this film he had to do a bare body photoshoot. As Yuvraaj says excitedly \"Its a European film and makers were looking for an Indian face with a well toned physique. They were aware of me because Dunno Y...Na Jaane Kyun is popular in Europe.They mailed me inquiry whether I would be interested to act in their film but they mentioned clearly that first they would like to see my film Dunno Y , second they would screen test me and third there is a one love making scene in film in which me and the actress will be shot nude. If I am fine with these three conditions they would proceed with me.\"\"I agreed as I'm a professional actor its my job to audition and I'm comfortable with my body so the scene would not be an issue but provided I like my role. I sent them copy of my film and they sent me the script. After that they screen tested me seven times through Skype . After I cleared the screen test, they wanted to see my latest body pics. I requested them to hold on for 30 days and in those 30 days I worked strenuously on my body. Then I did a fresh body shoot which they liked,\" adds Yuvraaj.On being asked who is the director of the film and when they starting filming, Yuvraaj says \"I'm bound by contract to not to reveal films name and cast and credits till they don't officially announce it. All I can say now is I'm lucky to be working with these makers.Within a month they will officially announce the film. I start shooting for it in February.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442443", "title": "Saffron party banks on bandh to reach its voters", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party has decided rope in one senior party leader in each district to ensure the success of the September 20 Bharat Bandh call given by the party to protest against the Centre's nod to FDI in retail and reduction of subsidy on LPG cylinders. Almost all senior leaders have been asked to be present in their allotted district to make the Bandh call a success.According to party insiders, September 20 Bandh would also serve as a test ground before Lok Sabha election, as senior BJP leaders will be fan out in each district and would put their best foot forward to make the bandh a total success in at least 50 districts of the state.To start with former national BJP president Rajnath Singh will be in the state capital on September 20 and lead the Bandh, while the state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi will be in Ghaziabad. National vice-president of the party Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi will be in Kanpur to lead the protestors.Similarly, Bajpayi's predecessor Surya Pratap Shahi will be in Moradabad, whereas senior state BJP leader Om Prakash Singh will be heading the party's show in Varanasi, said state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi. \"Through this (September 20 Bandh), BJP would attempt to re-connect itself with the common man, who is peeved over the Centre's decision especially reducing subsidy on LPG cylinders,\" said a senior party leader.Almost all the senior party leaders have been roped in for September 20 show, said party spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak.Satish Mahana, MLA from Maharajpur assembly constituency in Kanpur district will be leading the protest in Jhansi. Others leaders who have been allotted various districts include former MP from Aligarh Ashok Pradhan (Noida), Dushyant Gautam (Agra), Dr Nepal Singh (Bareilly), Ramnath Kovid (Gorakhpur), leader of BJP legislative party in UP assembly Hukkum Singh (Saharanpur), Karuna Shukla (Allahabad), Tanveer Ahmed Usmani (Aligarh), Swatantra Deo Singh (Banda), former state BJP chief Ramapati Ram Tripathi (Sant Kabir Nagar), former speaker of UP assembly Keshari Nath Tripathi (Fatehpur) and Ashok Kataria (Muzzaffarnagar).Interestingly, former Uttarakhand Chief Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishankh will be leading the Bharat Bandh call protest in Meerut, the native place of state BJP chief. However, with ruling Samajwadi Party also staging a similar protest on the same day, will BJP think tank be able to assess the real pulse of the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442549", "title": "Congress wins Maloya seat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Congress candidate Poonam Sharma on Monday won the Maloya seat in the byelection by defeating her rival Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) candidate Seema Yadav with 571 votes. The results came as a big disappointment for BJP as the party had won the seat in December with the big margin of 1,330 votes and now drastically came down and settled on third position.Out of total polled 10,742 votes, the Congress candidate got 4,044 votes. BSP candidate Seema Yadav got second position by getting 3,473 votes and BJP candidate Bindu Rana managed to get 3,089 votes. An independent candidate, Sunita, received 136 votes. Out of total polled 10,742 votes, not even a single one was found invalid and no party raised any objection in this regard.The counting of the votes started at 8am and the results were almost clear before 9, but the election commission made official declaration after going through their entire process.Sources in BJP revealed that infighting among senior leaders of the BJP was the reason behind party's poor show. Chinks had surfaced during municipal polls held in December. The problem had increased so much that the party changed names of many candidates after the formal announcement.The BSP improved their position by gaining over 1,000 votes when compared to December election.The byelection of ward number 7 was held on Saturday and 72.5% polling was registered by the election commission. In December, the same seat was won by BJP councillor Laxmi Devi, who secured 3,940 votes and had defeated Congress candidate. Five months later, Laxmi Devi died in road accident and the seat fell vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442499", "title": "HC wants GPS installed in autos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recalling the notorious Ranga and Billa kidnapping-cum-double murder case, the Delhi high court on Monday gave its nod to installation of GPS/GPRS devices in autorickshaws in the capital, saying it will make commuters safe.\"Children and girls hesitate from travelling in an autorickshaw for fear of being placed under the control of the autorickshaw driver,\" a division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw added, tossing out a batch of petitions that had challenged the government's decision to make GPS/GPRS mandatory in each auto. The devices will enable real time tracking of the location of each vehicle.\"The Ranga and Billa case, in which the autorickshaw/taxi driver had driven two siblings, barely of age, to a lone spot and attempted to outrage the modesty of the girl and upon resistance killed them, still sends shivers in the spine of Delhiites,\" the bench observed, saying any Delhi resident will \"vouch for infamy of autorickshaw drivers\". The court made it clear it won't interfere with the government's notification that mandates each autorickshaw owner to fit the device.Dismissing the plea that the State Transport Authority (STA) was not empowered to issue the notification for GPS installation, the bench added, \"The same is in consonance with what is happening in the rest of the world.\"Auto drivers not only overcharge but also take longer routes for a higher fare, the court pointed out, rejecting the autodrivers' argument that the government's decision is \"discriminatory and arbitrary\".HC agreed with the government that installation of GPS would create a proof/evidence of the route taken by the auto drivers. The court also saw merit in the government's claim that the installation charge has been reduced from Rs 15,000 to Rs 7,500 and it would not cause any financial burden on auto drivers as they had been permitted to charge Rs 50paise/kilometre from commuters. The court also agreed with the government's argument that the rationale behind the policy is to monitor the movement of autorickshaws and taxis for the purpose of overall security and safety of the commuters, particularly women, children and elders.The auto drivers had argued that the device is available in the market for Rs 5,000 and the government is fleecing them. They contended they could not be forced to pay the amount for GPS installation as they were daily wage-earners and it would harm their livelihood.The government had issued the notification in March last year, empowering itself to collect the extra money for setting up a central control room for installing GPS on autos for better service, security and convenience to customers.Delhi Autorickshaw Sangh's general secretary, Rajendra Soni, said a meeting had been convened on Tuesday. \"We will appeal to the Delhi government to reconsider their decision. If they don't, we may appeal against the order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442020", "title": "Businessman rams car into traffic cop's bike", "text": "MUMBAI: A traffic police constable was injured after a businessman rammed his car into the cop's motorcycle on Bandra-Worli Sea Link.Vijay Shah (38), a Nepean Sea Road resident, was booked for rash and negligent driving. He is out on bail.The victim, Pandurang Mulavde (42), attached to the Bandra traffic police, is out of danger, said the police.The accident took place on Sunday night around 11.30pm, when Mulavade was on patrol duty on the sea link. Shah, along with a motorist, took Mulavade to a hospital. and informed the police control room.Mulavade said that he was heading towards Worli when Shah's vehicle rammed into his bike.He was in uniform and was patrolling on his bike. He was heading towards Worli.Shah's Ford Ikon was seized. Cops said Shah had not consumed alcohol and he had lost control of his car. tnn when he suddenly spotted the constable on the bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443664", "title": "Idol colours could wash into drinking water too", "text": "BANGALORE: On an average, a whopping 2.65 lakh Ganesha idols are immersed in the city's four lakes - Sankey, Ulsoor, Hebbal and Yediyur. The damage done is anybody's guess.The separate enclosures (pushkarnis) within the lakes to immerse the idols are hardly making a difference . And here's one more reason why you shouldn't dump idols in your neighbourhood lake: water polluted with chemicals might just flow from your tap.Prof C Anantha, department of chemistry at MES College in Malleswaram, explains how immersion tanks are only eyewash.\"Immersion tanks situated next to lakes might not pollute the lakes directly. But the damage caused to the environment is huge. BBMP lets the dirty water flow straight into the sewage lines, which goes into storm water drains. Even at the filtration units at Vrishabhavati, only the suspended impurities are removed and not the chemicals dissolved in water. Chemicals like chloride, nitrate, sulphate and calcium dissolve in water. If you boil water with nitrate content , it becomes concentrated as it makes the water acidic. Such pollution can cause gastrointestinal diseases and respiratory disorders,\" he told TOI. The professor conducts tests on water samples of Sankey immersion tank before and after idols are immersed every year.His advice is to test water samples at frequent internals from the Cauvery water basin and Vrishabhavathi valley. \"Pollution levels near the water body immediately after the Ganesha festival must be observed. BBMP should take precautions to build public awareness on ecofriendly idols,\" he said.Left untreated, water in the sewage lines pollutes the ground water table, and civic agencies have ignored this fact, he adds.For him, the biggest problem is solid waste management . Plaster of Paris (PoP) idols that float on water bodies don't dissolve. \"One kg of PoP takes two years to dissolve. Tonnes of PoP waste that accumulates is dumped unscientifically in landfills by the Palike ,\" said Anantha.\"The idols are also transported to Mandur landfill, as we don't have any alternative now. The public buys such idols for their sheer attraction,\" said a senior BBMP official.MAYOR'S EXCUSEAsked why BBMP could not nip it in the bud by curbing the sale of idols painted in harmful colours, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy had this to say: \"Not everything can be achieved in one year. Ideally, the mayor should be given two-and-a-half years to work efficiently. BBMP commissioners get transferred frequently and the mayor's term is only for a year. I have written to the government to bring in an amendment on a twoand-a-half-year term for the mayor and commissioner. We should have taken some measures to curb the sale of painted idols. We request the public to use clay idols.\"FOLLOW THESE RULES KEEP CITY CLEANDosImmerse idols in specially built tanks at Ulsoor, Sankey, Yediyur and Saneguruvanahalli lakes, 32 water bodies earmarked on the outskirts, 88 mobile units deployed for this Dispose of flowers and other decorative articles at waste collection containers installed near immersion centres Park vehicles by the roadside and walk up to immersion centres Enter immersion centres only through designated entry pointsDon'tsBuy Ganeshas painted in colours that pollute water bodies Burst crackers and use public address systems at immersion centres Use banners, buntings of plastic and polythene, and other material that harms environment Immerse idols after 10.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445994", "title": "Pawan Kalyan\u2019s CGR to be wrapped up soon", "text": "Producer DVV Danayya informs that powerstar Pawan Kalyan-starrer Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu would be wrapped up by the third week of September. The unit is currently filming a song on Pawan Kalyan and Tamannaah at a specially erected set at Padmalaya studios. This song is expected to be completed in a day or two, after which, the unit will begin shooting for the final song at Annapurna Studios.The post production works of the film are progressing simultaneously and Danayya is mulling over audio release date and venue. The film has done superb business in all areas with top distributors like Dil Raju, Bunny Vasu, etc bagging the theatrical screening rights of the movie. The teaser of the film will be released shortly and audio release date is expected to be in the last week of September.Tamannaah is playing the female lead in this film, which also stars Prakash Raj, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Ali Gabriela Bertante (Brazillian model), etc. Mani Sharma has scored the music. Directed by Puri Jagannath, Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu is slated for release on October 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441351", "title": "Telangana zealots vandalise Kasu Brahmananda Reddy statue", "text": "HYDERABAD: A statue of former chief minister Kasu Brahmananda Reddy outside the park bearing his name in the Banjara Hills - Jubilee Hills stretch was desecrated in the wee hours of Monday. The protesters probably targeted the statue as Brahmananda Reddy, who was at the helm of affairs during the 1969 Telangana agitation, played a key role in keeping AP united.Around 4.30am, a group of about 40 people landed near the KBR statue located near the national park's main entrance opposite NTR Trust Bhavan on Road No. 2, Banjara Hills and began damaging the pedestal of the statue with hammers. They also assaulted two police personnel and a security guard who tried to stop them.\"The incident took place between 4.30am and 5am. The agitators started breaking the pedestal. Then, they put a couple of tyres doused in kerosene around the statue's neck and set them afire. This damaged the top portion of the structure,\" a police officer said.A Home Guard and a constable, who were stationed at the police sub-control near the park's entrance tried to stop the agitators along with the park's security guard, but they were roughed up by the mob. \"We found several pamphlets in the name of Telangana United Front near the statue,\" Banjara Hills inspector K Chandrasekhar Goud told TOI. Police said that the content in the pamphlet was highly critical of leaders propagating united AP and TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao.The former CM's statue was installed at a rotary near the NTR Trust Bhavan in 1994 and was later shifted to the pedestal in front of KBR Park in 2006 to ease traffic congestion. After the incident, the statue was covered with a white sheet to conceal the damage and five police personnel were stationed at the site.Police said the group vandalised the statue to mark Telangana Liberation Day, which is observed on September 17, as it was on this day in 1948 the Nizam surrendered to the Indian government and Hyderabad was declared a state and remained so until its merger with Andhra in 1956 to form Andhra Pradesh.The Banjara Hills police have booked cases under section 147 (Rioting), 148 (Rioting, armed with deadly weapons), 332 (Voluntarily causing hurt to deter a public servant from discharging his duty) and 435 (Mischief by fire) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and various other sections of the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984.Police have launched a man-hunt to zero in on the offenders and some of them have been reportedly taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441029", "title": "Deccan Chargers vs BCCI: HC orders status quo", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday directed status quo in the case involving a challenge raised by the Indian Premier League team Deccan Chargers to the termination notice issued to it by the Board of Control for Cricket In India (BCCI) and adjourned the matter by a week to hear it at length. The dispute arose between DC and BCCI after the board terminated its contract with the team that was recently attempted to be auctioned.The Chargers had moved the HC and the matter came up before Justice S J Kathawalla on Monday. The status quo means that that the cricket body will hold its hand against DC and the IPL team cannot be bid for till further orders from the court.The BCCI submitted a detailed affidavit in court through its counsel Rafiq Dada and Raju Subramanian setting out a series of breaches done by DC. It said players have not been paid and around 20 banks are creditors of the IPL franchise with collective dues of around Rs 4000 crore pending against Deccan Chronicle Holdings .The BCCI said other acts of insolvency and filing of a winding up petition in the Andhra Pradesh HC against the promoters necessitated the termination.Zal Andhyarujina counsel for DC said it has made full payment and deposited the amounts to be paid as salary of players on behalf of Chargers to Yes Bank. The court order, however, means BCCI cannot encash the Rs 33 crore given to them by the bank. Andhyarujina challenged the termination decision taken at an emergency IPL governing council of the Board as being illegal and bad in law.The termination was served on the Chargers a day after it rejected the sole bid from PVP ventures. DC said the BCCI was already planning to invite bids for the Hyderabad IPL team.But BCCI said no new tenders were going to be called for DC, only for new teams for cities like Ahmedabad, Vizag and Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442843", "title": "Dysfunctional parking system irks Technopark heads", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Technopark authorities have asked the owners of Joy Joe's Safe Parking Private Limited, the father and son duo who developed an automated multi-level modular automobile parking system, to either run the unit or remove it from the Technopark campus as it is on 15 cents of prime land.According to sources at Technopark, \"Park authorities agreed to give 15 cents for a token amount of Re 1 around two years ago, by entering into a temporary lease agreement. The park authorities agreed as the project was developed under the Technopreneur Promotion Programme (TePP) operated by the department of scientific and industrial research (DSIR). The lease agreement was to be renewed yearly.\"The parking system demo was inaugurated with fanfare by Thiruvananthapuram MP Shashi Tharoor in March.Parking a few cars was also arranged as part of the inauguration and the days that preceded the event. But nothing had happened for six months, said Technopark business development manager M Vasudevan.\"The reason we agreed to lease the space was because they said it would be a temporary structure, which could be dismantled. But they have not parked any cars for months; meanwhile there is no reprieve in sight for the parking woes inside Technopark. This does not justify our leasing purpose and questions will be raised about how they have held possession of land for so long, as they have not developed a revenue-sharing model or come to us with any proposal on how to run it, \" said Vasudevan.\"They said placing an automated car parking unit inside Technopark will help them authenticate and market the product, and we agreed as it is a TePP project. But now the unit is just occupying space. They cannot expect us to buy it. Let them run it or remove it, or ask companies to buy parking slots,\" added Vasudevan.Technopark authorities have said they could try and find staff to run the multi-level car park but buying the Rs 15-crore unit (which can hold 300 cars) was simply out of the question.Joy Joe's safe parking private limited had earlier clarified that they did not have the manpower to run the unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442522", "title": "Godowns gutted in fire at building near Manish Mkt", "text": "MUMBAI: Shopkeepers at Sara Sahara and Manish markets near Saboo Siddique Musafirkhana in south Mumbai panicked on Monday after a major fire broke out in a two-storey 'Eli Fisher' building, which also houses a BEST substation on the ground floor. While the cause of the fire is still to be ascertained, prima facie it appears to have been triggered by a short-circuit.The fire broke out around 4.45pm and was finally doused by 6.30pm.While no casualty was reported, a fire brigade officer sustained a minor injury.There was major damage to property, though. The top floor was entirely gutted. It housed toy and electrical equipment godowns, fire brigade sources told TOI.The building is owned by BEST. Officials said its top floor was leased to M S Electronics and a toy dealer. Akbar Shaikh, who owns the toys godown, was out of town. \"We will know the extent of damage only after we are allowed to enter the godown,\" said Farid Shaikh, Akbar's relative.Shopkeepers in Manish Market, which reopened only on July 11 this year-a major portion of the market had been gutted in a November 2011 fire-feared the worst. \"We are safe but memories of the previous fire came back to haunt us,\" said Haroon Merchant, secretary of Nutan Pushpak Society that runs Manish Market.Electricity in the area was disconnected as a safety precaution. BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta said the substation on the ground floor was shut. Siddique substation in the neighbourhood was also switched off for a few hours. Around 300 consumers in the vicinity faced power cuts.BEST officials said the substation was regularly maintained. P M Shinde, chief engineer at BEST, said it was \"completely safe\". BEST, though, did not comment on any fire safety audit of the building's top floor.Congress corporators Waqarunnisa Ansari and Javed Juneja, who visited the area, said unlike in the 2011 Manish Market fire, the fire brigade's hydraulic machines worked properly. \"At that time, the scene was very chaotic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16443226", "title": "Leon Panetta's visit makes China-Japan tussle global", "text": "BEIJING: US Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta arrived in Beijing on Monday evening to douse the fire sparked by the tussle between China and Japan over the ownership of Diaoyu Islands. He reached after a stopover in Tokyo, where he promised not to take sides in the dispute.Panetta's 3-day China tour, his first as Secretary of Defense, includes a visit to the Chinese naval base in Qingdao, which will see serious action in case of a naval altercation. Chinese leaders are expected to demand proof that the US will not back Japan if the situation leads to a naval crossfire.\"It is in everybody's interest for Japan and China to maintain good relations and to avoid further escalation,\" Panetta said in Tokyo. He was obviously addressing Chinese leaders, who are opposed to third-party mediation on this dispute.His visit comes in the midst of a massive rally by a few thousand Chinese fishing boats moving towards the Diaoyu Islands in order to provoke the Japanese coast guard to take punitive action, which would escalate the dispute. The boats left Chinese shores after the Chinese government lifted an existing ban on fishing boats to move into the Diaoyu Islands area.The wave of anti-Japan demonstrations intensified across more than two dozen Chinese cities. The Japanese embassy in Beijing witnessed a fresh round of demonstrations by aggressive nationalists throwing eggs and draping the embassy gates with the Chinese flag. Several Japanese schools suspended classes and offices of Japanese companies remained closed in China.Panetta is also expected to meet Chinese vice president and president-in-waiting Xi Jinping , who has returned to the political stage after a two-week unexplained absence from public life.Panetta's Qingdao tour is significant because Beijing is worried about the recent US decision to expand its naval activity in the Asia Pacific, which is seen as an attempt to \"contain\" China.He is expected to explain the rationale behind the US radar in Japan, which Beijing feels is meant to watch Chinese air force activity. Washington wants China to believe that the radar is meant to checkmate the North Korean missile threat.Japanese military experts are already complaining that the US might soften under Chinese pressure and give up its earlier promises to protect it. The Panetta visit is also being closely watched by other countries involved in island disputes with China\u2014Vietnam, Philippines and Indonesia\u2014who want to ensure that Washington can be trusted to protect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441267", "title": "Old City out of COP radar?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The administration which is pulling out all stops to welcome COP-11 delegates, seems to have kept Old City out of the grand gala show. The beautification drive that has gained a visibly frantic pace in other parts of the city is still to shift its scene to the Old City. And now GHMC officials say that if work taken up is not completed before the September 25 deadline, they would have no option but to abandon it mid-way.Officials said they have deployed all contractors near the CoP-11 venue in areas such as Hi-Tec City, Jubilee Hills and Ba njara Hills and would carry out work in the Old City only later.According to GHMC officials, Bahadurpura took a chunk of the amount sanctioned for the South Zone - Rs 4.34 crore of the Rs 15 crore - last month but to little effect. GHMC officials admitted that the entire scope of work couldn't be carried out in the area due to time constraint. Pradeep Reddy, executive engineer, GHMC said, \"We will do whatever we can till the September 25 deadline. Contractors will be instructed to move equipment to the South Zone later this week. The Bahadurpura area has proved to be difficult because we are unable to remove encroachments and will not be pursuing the matter further if it is unfeasible. The footpath and drain strengthening work is underway there.\"Lethargic attempts of the GHMC to improve infrastructure in the Old City by setting up pots 'to add a green element' in key corridors of COP - 11 is in stark contrast to the large scale re-carpeting of roads, murals on flyovers and tree plantations in other areas. Saleem Khan, an ITeS professional from Mir Alam Mandi noted the glaring difference in activities before COP - 11 in the Old City and the new city. \"We were hoping that the crumbling civic infrastructure here would improve on account of the biodiversity summit. Civic bodies have done no substantial work and whatever work has been done is an eyewash,\" he rued.Apart from scanty patchwork in Darul Shifa, Chaderghat and Faluknuma-Aliabad stretch, no significant work has been taken up. A GHMC official noted that with only a week left for the deadline it would take a miracle to finish work in the COP - 11 corridors of Charminar to Chandrayangutta via Falaknuma, Puranapul to Charminar via Koka Ki Tatti, Purana Pul to Miralam and Purana Pul to Khairtabad via High Court and Begum Bazar.A GHMC official requesting anonymity said, \"If the authorities were to bring the conference to the Taj Falaknuma, all development would be in the Old City. The corridors in the South Zone are densely populated. Nevertheless, we have given priority to civic infrastructure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16443403", "title": "HC notice to 4 MPs, 4 MLAs, Housing Board", "text": "JABALPUR: Madhya Pradesh High Court on Monday issued notices to four MPs, four MLAs along with the MP Housing Board over allotment of houses to the lawmakers under a reservation scheme despite their owning flats or residential plots.The notice has been issued against Congress MP Sandeep Dixit, BJP MP Sumitra Mahajan and two other MPs Deoraj Singh and Arvind Singh, MLAs Sunil Jaiswal, Gurusharan Singh, Chetram Manekar and Alkesh Arya as well as the MPHB. All of them have been asked to file their replies within three weeks.A division bench of acting Chief Justice Sushil Harkouli and Justice Alok Aradhe issued the notices on a PIL filed by two retired IPS officials of Director General of Police (DGP) rank Arun Gurtoo and Upendra Varma.The petitioners have challenged the 20% quota reserved for MPs/MLAs in the MPHB and other government agencies scheme for the allotment of a house despite owning multiple houses/plots in their names.Advocate Siddharth Radhelal Gupta representing the petitioners said that as per the affidavits filed by these elected representatives with the election commission, they already own houses/plots allotted in their names in the prime locations of Bhopal developed by the MPHB.Gupta contended that as per the rules a person is not entitled for a house or a plot in any government scheme if he already owns the one in his or his spouse name in any place of the state.Defending the allotment, MPHB said that it is the applicant who is purely responsible for the information submitted by him/her in their applications.However, demanding cancellation of the allotment, Gupta contended that the \"fraudulent suppression\" of their property details by the concerned MPs/MLAs for procuring a house in their names itself is a ground for cancelling the allotments made to such people. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443373", "title": "6,595 cases heard in Maha Lok Adalat", "text": "NASHIK: The fourth Mahalok-Adalat, conducted by Legal Services Authority, on Sunday witnessed the settlement of 6,787 cases out of the 17,439 cases filed, officials from the Authority said. The disposal, including pre-litigation cases, saw settlements to the tune of Rs 28 crore in the various cases.The third edition of the Mahalok-Adalata had witnessed the disposal of 3,802 cases and the results of the fourth edition are astonishing even as it will take at least a week's time before the tally of settlement of revenue and other matters is known.10 labour tribunal, 139 motor accident and 14 school tribunal cases were among the cases disposed said Anil Khadse, senior civil judge, and secretary of the District Legal Service Authority.Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) had proposed 5,000 cases to be settled separately of which 447 were settled with orders to clear dues to the tune of Rs 11 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16443306", "title": "Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences grapples with fund crunch", "text": "JALANDHAR: Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS), being run by rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra-led PIMS Medical &amp; Education Charitable Society, is grappling with serious financial crisis.PIMS, the first medical college and tertiary care institution in Doaba region, was built by the state government and was handed over to PIMS Medical &amp; Education Charitable Society in 2009. Rakhra is president of the Society.The medical college staff, including the doctors, has not got its salary for three months and due to non-payment of electricity bills of around Rs 46 lakh, Powercom disconnected electricity supply last May, which was restored after around 10 days. Dr Appa Rao Mukkamala, a US-based NRI doctor and general secretary of the Society, being a founder promoter of the institute, informed TOI on Monday of the acute financial crunch.\"Money is not coming from promoters (members of the Society) and financial institutions have refused to lend us more money. We have almost reached to the state of being declared non-performing assets (NPA),\" he disclosed. However he refused to name the promoters who were failing to contribute funds.Dr Mokkamala admitted that the Society was delinquent in paying back the loan. \"Union Bank of India officials visited us today and we are negotiating with them,\" he said. Meanwhile, inquiries have revealed that PIMS Society has failed to pay its installments with interest for the past more than three months. Dr Mukkamala revealed that they were incurring losses of over Rs 2 crore every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16443009", "title": "Indian Council of Agricultural Research to focus on fruit crop challenges", "text": "NAGPUR: In the era of climate change, horticulture crops will face a lot fo challenges due to increase in input and labour costs and water shortage. Keeping these in mind, horticulture division of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) is shifting its focus on basic research in horticulture crops in next 25 years in order to maintain them as commercial crops especially for small and marginal farmers.ICAR's deputy director general of horticulture N K Krishna Kumar listed some plans and direction of research in horticulture crops with the TOI on Monday. He was in city to attend the national seminar on new initiatives in cotton at Central Institute for Cotton Research and a visit to National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC).Kumar said climate change was emerging as a big challenge for horticultural crops in the form of high temperature, excessive rains and resistance to diseases and pests. Considering the challenges, there was need for fresh research in horticultural crops considering both nutritional security and increase in productivity, he added.Some major steps in this direction would include development of male sterility in existing varieties of various fruits and vegetables, introduction of hybridization methods, improving post harvest technology to prevent losses. \"Unlike western countries, the number of farmers with small holdings is increasing in India but unless our cultivation practices suit these farmers, horticulture cannot be adopted by them,\" said Kumar.There is need for research in micronutrient uptake and their supply in horticultural crops along with keeping quality of fruits intact. At present, the issue of micronutrients is not taken into account in the manner it should be, he said.Kumar informed ICAR was also considering a shift in focus on growing crops like apricot, apple, peach and pear in dry land and temperate zones too. The huge belt growing these crops right from Kashmir to north east in sub-Himalayan region needs new research inputs in developing practices that could develop better planting material and seeds. \"North-east grows fruit on large scale. Unless we provide market access to these and link them with mainland, things won't improve,\" he explained.Another issue being looked at was the increased threat of pests and diseases in India through import of flowers and planting material of crops like coconut. \"A biosecurity threat is looming large. Country needs to be prepared to tackle this,\" he added. Kumar also stressed on the need of improvement in e-extension activities in agriculture in general and horticultural in particular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442897", "title": "Most schools to shut for Thursday's bandh", "text": "NAGPUR: Fearing for the safety of students, almost all CBSE and state board schools in the city have decided to remain closed for Thursday's bandh called by political parties. Though state board schools too have taken the decision, they are unable to declare it openly, since almost all of them are financially aided by the government.Neeru Kapai, founder principal of Modern School, said, \"In a perfect world, I would have wanted schools to be spared from any repercussions of a bandh. But that is not the case here. I have decided to keep the school closed so that children are not put at risk.\"Radhika Rajwade, director of Centre Point group of schools, said, \"We never shut down for a political bandh, but this time the agitation seems to be on a bigger scale and the school buses won't ply either. So, for the safety of children, we have decided to shut down all three branches on that day.\"The Nagpur Sahodaya Schools Complex (NSSC) too has decided to reschedule Thursday's SA1 exam (for Std IX &amp; X) till October 1.NSSC chairperson and principal of Bhavans (Wathoda) Annapoorni Shastri said, \"It was a common date sheet and hence the rescheduling of exam. We too have decided to keep all our three branches closed that day since transportation will be an issue.\"However, schools like Narayana, Raisoni and Hadas are still undecided. Mala Chembath, principal of Narayan Vidyalayam, said, \"We won't shut down till a message from the collector's office tells us to do so.\"Prakash Somalwar, secretary of Somalwar group, said, \"We have left it to the parents to decide whether or not to send their children.\"School Bus Owners Association president Santosh Jog said, \"We would prefer to keep our vehicles off the road since this bandh can get out of hand and we do not want to risk the safety of students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441832", "title": "Sowing crosses average mark after good rainfall", "text": "PUNE: The last two weeks saw several areas affected by drought receive good rains, resulting in increased seed sowing by farmers.This year, the monsoon arrived late in Maharashtra, but later became active in Konkan and eastern parts of the state. Rest of the areas such as western Maharashtra, Marathwada and north Maharashtra remained dry for a long time and in many areas farmers did not even sow any seed.The government as a precautionary measure opened food camps for cattle in scarcity hit areas and provided drinking water with tankers. However, climatic conditions turned in favour of farmers and Western and central Maharashtra - the area known for foodgrain production - received spells of showers. Sweet sorghum, bajara and pulses are the major crops of the central part of the state.The report submitted by the state agriculture department stated that the average rainfall received in the state till this week was 913.4 mm as against the average rainfall of 976.4 mm. The state has received 93.5% rainfall, so far. Except Jalna district, the remaining 32 districts have received more than 50% rainfall. As many as 10 districts have received more than 100% rainfall, so far.The area under cultivation has crossed the average mark because of the recent rains. While the average cultivation area in Kharif season is 132.34 lakh hectares, the actual area where sowing has been reported is 133.10 lakh hectares, which is more by 76,000 hectares, said the report, released by the state agriculture department.Out of the eight divisions in the state, only Pune, Kolhapur and Konkan divisions have failed to reach their average area under cultivation, while the rest of the divisionshave surpassed the average sown area, said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441989", "title": "Double-decker AC Mumbai-Ahmedabad train bookings open today", "text": "MUMBAI: The superfast AC double-decker train, which will make its inaugural run from Ahmedabad to Mumbai Central stations on Wednesday, will soon have LCD screens to entertain passengers.\"We plan to make available LCD screens in each coach on advertisement basis with no cost to the railways,\" an official revealed on Monday.\"It will ensure that passengers do not get bored,\" he added.Bookings for the inaugural train (02932) on Wednesday and for the regular service (12931/12932) will open from Tuesday, the official stated.\"The capacity of a coach of the double-decker train, which has only AC chair-car compartments, will be 120 seats as compared to Shatabdi Express's 78, an increase of 54%,\" said the official. The train will have a paid pantry car service.On its inaugural run, the train will leave Ahmedabad at 4.30pm and reach Mumbai Central around midnight. From September 20, the train will pull out of Mumbai Central at 2.20pm and reach Ahmedabad at 9.30pm. It will then depart from Ahmedabad at 6am to arrive at Mumbai Central by 1pm, said WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan.\"The train, which will run six days a week (from Monday to Saturday), will halt at Borivli, Vapi, Surat, Bharuch, Vadodara, Anand and Nadiad,\" he said. \"The ticket fare from Mumbai Central to Surat will be Rs 318, to Vadodara will be Rs 406 and till Ahmedabad, it will be Rs 471. The train will cover a distance of 492 km between the two stations,\" he stated.This train will help ease out the passenger traffic between the two important commercial and industrial cities, officials said. At present, WR runs 27 pairs of trains between Mumbai and Ahmedabad. In addition to it, 28 weekly trains run through Central Railway to Ahmedabad via Vasai Road station.The double decker AC Superfast train, which begin its maiden run between Ahmedabad and Mumbai Central stations on Wednesday, will soon have LCD screens to provide entertainment to passengers.This was disclosed by railway officials on Monday. \"We plan to make available the LCD screens in every coach on advertisement basis with no cost to the railways,\" an official said, adding, \"It will ensure that passengers are not bored during the journey.\"The bookings for the inaugural train no. 02932 and regular train nos. 12931/12932 will open from Tuesday, the official stated.The train consists of AC chair class only. \"The carrying capacity of a coach of Double Decker Super Fast Express will be 120 seats while the capacity of a coach of Shatabdi Express is 78, which means there will be 54% more seating,\" the official said. The train will have a pantry car service in the train which will provide snacks etc. to passengers on payment.The inaugural run will begin from Ahmedabad on September 19 at 4.30 pm and reach Mumbai Central at 12.30 am. From September 20, the train No. 12931 Mumbai Central-Ahmedabad will leave Mumbai Central at 2.20 pm (from Monday to Saturday) and reach Ahmedabad at 9.40 pm. In its return journey, train No. 12932 Ahmedabad-MumbaiCentral will depart from Ahmedabad at 6 am from Monday to Saturday and reach Mumbai Central at 1 pm, said WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan.\"It will halt at Borivali, Vapi, Surat,Bharuch, Vadodara, Anand &amp; Nadiad in both the directions,\" he said. \"The fare from Mumbai Central will be Rs 318 for Surat, Rs 406 for Vadodara and Rs 471 for Ahmedabad. The train will cover the distance of 492 km between the two stations,'' he stated.This train will help in easing out the passenger traffic between two important commercial and industrial cities of India, officials said. At present, WR runs 27 pairs of trains between Mumbai and Ahmedabad. In addition to it, 28 weekly trains also run through Central Railway to Ahmedabad via Vasai Road station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446723", "title": "Jhumma Mitra in Savdhan India!", "text": "Things are shining bright for Jhumma Mitra on the career front. After being roped in for Jini Aur Juju (where she plays a pivotal character), Jhumma will now been seen in an episodic for FremantleMedia India's Savdhan India- India Fights Back on Life OK!Sources inform that Jhumma's character in the show will be called Devika who hails from a village in Odisha and belongs to a lower middle class family. She and her husband run a small newspaper stall and also fill in as journalists who report the small news and events that take place in their village.Jhumma as Devika is a tough and rebellious woman who fights against injustice. She stands up for the rights of others and is against illegal activities and the drug mafia. Fed up of her, the local politicians hate her guts and decide to teach her a lesson.Shooting for this episodic will start today (18th September 2012) and is expected to go on air next week!Talking about the experience, Jhumma shares, \"It was a wonderful experience to work with Fremantle. It gives me a chance to make people aware of all the wrong doings that are occurring in our society. Watch out for my episodic\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441970", "title": "Flash strike at hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Staffers at Lilavati Hospital in Bandra went on a flash strike for four hours on Monday demanding a revision in pay. Some patients said that admissions were affected briefly after nurses and ward boys stopped work at around 3.30pm.\"The hospital is supposed to revise salaries every three years but that has no happened so far. So all the four union joined hands to protest,\" said Gajanan Rane, general secretary of Maharsahtra Navnirman Kamgar Sena. He added that the management has been given an ultimatum of two weeks to fulfill their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16446110", "title": "Tamil Nadu police prevents ex-Kerala CM Achuthanandan from visiting Kudankulam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ignoring the CPM's official line, party veteran V S Achuthanandan on Tuesday set out to Kundankulam to pledge solidarity with anti-nuclear protesters but was stopped by Tamil Nadu Police at the border town of Kaliyikkavila near here.As Achuthanandan's car entered the border town, an officer of Tamil Nadu police stopped the vehicle and requested the 88-year-old leader not to proceed further in view of the security concerns.Complying with the request, Achuthandan said he was disappointed that he could not visit the coastal village in Tamil Nadu to pledge solidarity with the protesters but did not want to create any law and order problem in the neighbouring state.\"I don't wish to worsen the law and order situation in your state. I only wish peace prevails in Tamil Nadu. So I am returning by complying with your request\", the former Kerala chief minister told the police official.Achuthanandan, however, said he was firm in his opinion that nuclear plants were dangerous and recalled that his party had withdrawn support to the UPA government in protest against Indo-US civil nuclear pact.In an apparent dig at the party leadership, Achuthanandan said, \"I have not changed my position on the nuclear issue since then.\"\"My intention was to express solidarity with the agitation led by Udhayakumar against the nuclear plant.I am disappointed that I could not reach the spot of the agitation and convey my message to them\", he said.A big crowd gathered on both sides of the border and raised slogans hailing Achuthanandan.The central and state leadership of CPM had distanced themselves from Achuthanandan's decision by making it clear that the party is not opposed to nuclear energy as such.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16443665", "title": "Stalked and harassed, girl dies after immolating self", "text": "KANPUR: A 14-year-old girl succumbed to burn injuries on Monday, two days after she immolated herself following harassment by a group of youths.Hemu Vishwakarma, a resident of Hanumanth nagar, was fed up of being stalked by the youth and set herself ablaze inside her house on Saturday afternoon, her kin said.The relatives have alleged that one Rohit alias Rinku were among the youth who regularly followed and harrassed Hemu, despite her ignoring them initially. On Saturday, however, Rohit along with the other youth waylaid her and threatened her of dire consequences if she did not return his advances.On returning home, the girl is said to have locked herself up in a room and committed self-immolation after pouring kerosene. She was rushed to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital where she succumbed to her burns on Monday, the police said.Rohit is said to have forcibly handed over a letter proclaiming his 'love' for Hemu on July 2. He was arrested last month after the girl's family lodged a complaint in this regard with Naubasta police. However, Rohit continued to stalk Hemu after his release. \"My daughter could not bear the threats and abuses,\" Hemu's mother said, crying.Hemu's father said, \"Had the police shown some alacrity, my daughter would not have taken such an extreme step.\" Hemu's relatives and residents of her locality assembled in front of the post-mortem house and demanded immediate action against the accused. Hemu's house was later visited by social activists and BJP workers on Monday evening who organised a candle march and called for police action in the incident.Deputy inspector general of police Amitabh Yash told TOI that two accused identified as Chotu and Sonu Shukla have already been arrested in this connection. \"A case would be registered against them for abetting suicide once we receive a formal complaint from the parents of the girl. The culprits will not be spared,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443907", "title": "CPI-ML comes out in support of Bharat Bandh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: UP committee of CPI-ML ND has supported the Bharat Bandh called by opposition parties on September 20. The party has urged people to come out in large numbers to protest against the Central government's anti people policies like hike in fuel prices and FDI in retail sector.\"The government's policies are affecting people's livelihood and employment and burdening their meagre budget by increasing fuel costs. This is being done to multinational companies, Indian corporates, big landlords, corrupt bureaucracy and black marketeers,\" said party secretary Ashish Mital.PM justified above decisions saying fiscal deficit is rising and if FDI is not eased the government will be forced to take foreign debts, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442713", "title": "Roza study to frame monument bylaws", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A high-powered team of the National Monument Authority (NMA) visited Sarkhej Roza on Monday to make a real-time assessment of the residential clusters and civic projects around it. The roza is among the two sites, the other being Dwarka, selected by the national authority as models to devise a new set of bylaws for areas in which monuments are located.The bylaws will see the monument in the context of surroundings without meddling with its historicity or integrity. Sarkhej Roza and Lord Krishna's Dwarka town are a living heritage where people are culturally and socially connected to the monument. These heritage sites are also associated with water bodies. Dwarka is located on the sea coast while Sarkhej Roza has a huge man-made water tank.So far, the straitjacketed approach was applied to monuments protected by ASI under the new Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act, 2010. An area of 100 metres around the monuments was declared a prohibited zone while that 200 metres around was a restricted zone. The new bylaws will not stop at buildings, but will also make provisions for streetscapes, civic and tourism infrastructure and public amenities.Based on the new bylaws being formulated at the moment, the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) wants to relax some stringent conservation laws that govern historical structures so that decent facilities and infrastructure can come up around them. It also wants to involve local residents in the conservation effort. A total of Rs 6.84 crore worth of projects were sanctioned by AMC for the development of the area around the Sarkhej Roza.ASI recently asked Indian National Trust for Art Culture and Heritage (Intach) to formulate new bylaws for 13 important archaeological structures from across the country on the basis of their contextual importance. The new bylaws will apply to similar structures across the country.Sarkhej Roza is Ahmedabad's womb as it is dedicated to a Sufi saint Sheikh Ahmed Khattu 'Ganj Baksh'. The saint had advised Sultan Ahmed Shah to establish a city on the Sabarmati banks more than 600 years ago. Intach in Gujarat has already started consultations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442705", "title": "New housing plan for nomadic tribes", "text": "NAGPUR: Even after 64 years of independence, a large chunk of nomadic tribes has not been able to integrate with the mainstream of society because of their poor economic conditions or peculiar social mores. Concerned over their plight and with a view to better the living condition for this community, the state government has come up with a plan to provide a plot of about 5000 sq ft to each family and a house of 269 sq ft on it.Talking to TOI, social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe said this special housing scheme called Yeshwantrao Chavan Open Housing Scheme for Vimukt Jati Bhatkya Jamati (VJNT) was started this year to economically empower tribal members.\"Earlier, the housing scheme for them had miserably failed as the income ceiling for availing the facility was Rs 50,000 and no financial institute was willing to offer them housing loans. Now the income ceiling is revised to Rs 1 lakh.\"As part of the scheme, the nomadic tribe member will be given a plot of 5 gunthas (approx 5000 sq ft) in which beside the dwelling, the member will have enough space to use for alternative sources of income - by a small dairy, poultry or any other business for which he can avail funds and subsidy under self-employment schemes,\" said Moghe.The scheme will be implemented in every district with sizeable number of nomadic tribe members.He said the government has already sanctioned Rs 10 crore for the scheme in the budget. The deputy commissioner of the social justice in every division will be the controlling officer of the scheme. Currently, three villages from each of the 33 districts have been chosen for implementing the scheme and each village 20 families will be benefited as a settlement will be set up in each village. Thus 1980 houses with land will be allotted to equal number of families. Each such settlement that will be provided with basic amenities like roads, drinking water source, sewer and drain lines, is estimated to cost Rs 88.66 lakh, said Sanjeev Gade, deputy commissioner of social justice in Nagpur division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441716", "title": "States may not be able to stop entry of MNC retailers in view of bilateral treaties: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Monday said India could not make opening of stores by multi-brand retail giants in any city conditional to state government's clearance as the country had signed bilateral investment agreements with 82 countries which say that no conditions can be put on foreign investors.The party also claimed that FDI in multi-brand retail would increase unemployment in the country.BJP sought an explanation from Congress on these issues and asked whether state governments would have a real right to reject the entry of FDI in multi-brand retail.\"India has entered into bilateral investment agreements with 82 countries. The basic feature of these bilateral treaties is that they accord national treatment to foreign investors. The effect of this provision is that India cannot put any condition on foreign investors which are not applicable to domestic investors,\" BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.He cited a Kerala High Court ruling which had struck down the then Left Front government's attempt to stop \"corporate retailers\" by denying them shop and establishment licence.\"As there are no restrictions on local retail chains, the restrictions on foreign chains by the states would be declared by courts as void,\" Javadekar said.The main opposition party said the UPA's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail would have an adverse impact on existing jobs and on new job opportunities in the present retail structure.BJP claimed the erstwhile NDA government had created eight million jobs per year while UPA was unable to meet even one-fourth of this figure. \"UPA never crossed the figure of two million in any year of its existence,\" Javadekar said.BJP maintained that the US had not allowed multi-brand retail outlets like Walmart to enter some parts like Manhattan in New York and California due to fear that opening such stores would lead to loss of existing jobs. The party maintained that every country put its own restrictions in the \"best national interest\" but UPA government had not done so.\"Have the adverse comments in western media on our PM done the trick? Is this a result of western media calling Prime Minister Manmohan Singh an underachiever? The government must explain what was the hurry to take this decision,\" Javadekar said.BJP is hopeful that its September 20 Bharat Bandh will be an \"unprecedented\" success. Small traders form BJP's core vote bank and the party feels by espousing their cause, which will arguably be hampered by the entry of multi-brand outlets like Walmart, Tesco and Carrefour, it will gain politically. Other parties including the Left and SP have also called for a country-wide strike on September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16441985", "title": "Sleepless and twiddling", "text": "Ever since he got a smart phone as a birthday gift from his dad last year, 13-year-old Sandeep (name changed) has been glued to it. He fiddled with it all the time - at night when his parents sleep, while crossing the road and, secretly, between classes. He got up once in between his six-hour sleep to remove the phone from the charger.Sandeep's parents have taken the phone away. And they have been taking him to a sleep clinic with complaints that he felt distracted in class, his grades fell and he looked sleep-deprived. \"They thought he slept too much. But tests showed he was sleeping very less for his age,\" said Dr N Ramakrishnan, Nitra Sleep Institute.A growing number of kids with sleep deprivation are being brought to sleep clinics. Experts say many of them are lose their sleep over their mobile phones and gadgets through which they remain logged on to social networking sites. \"I haven't done a survey to confirm this. But the medical records in my clinic show how children are losing more sleep. About six years ago, 10% students were sleep deprived because of television or because they were being sent to tuitions early in the morning. Now, in addition to this, they text and surf,\" said Dr Ramakrishnan.Studies show texting and surfing on mobile phones can disrupt sleep much more than television. Doctors say staring at a small bright screen can disrupt the secretion of melatonin which regulates our sleep cycle, more strongly than watching television. \"Sleep deprivation in children may not cause drowsiness, instead they may be hyperactive. But their growth is likely to be affected. The growth hormones in children work only during sleep,\" says ENT specialist Dr Mohan Kameshwaran.Children below the age of four need 12 hours of sleep every day, but teens need at least nine hours of sleep. Some children text so much that they complain of repetitive stress injuries on their thumbs.What worries psychologists is that parents are not aware of the hazards of children browsing on internet for long hours. \"Some children sleep with their phone as they want to reply to every message they get. Some children refuse to part with it as they say it is also used as an alarm. It's important to keep a dialogue open about online activities of children,\" said child psychologist Sangeetha Madu. She advises parents to fix a regular bedtime for their children, not to give them caffeine and keep lights low at night. \"With teens, nothing works like negotiation. Banning them from using phones or net will make them depressed or rebellious,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai/ salem", "code": "16441987", "title": "TN man immolates himself to protest Lankan president visit", "text": "CHENNAI/ SALEM: The visit of Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa to Indian from September 21 is likely to be a stormy affair. On Monday, a 26-year-old auto driver from Salem attempted self-immolation over the visit while MDMK leader Vaiko, with hundreds of cadres in tow, left for Sanchi in Madhya Pradesh to stage a black flag demonstration when the Lankan leader arrives for a function organized by the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government on September 21.T Vijay Raj, an auto driver from Salem, set himself afire near the old bus stand here early Monday morning to protest Rajapaksa's visit. Police rushed him to the Mohan Kumaramangalam Government Hospital here with 90% burns. A suicide note said that Rajapaksa had killed innocent Tamils living in Sri Lanka and blamed the Indian government for aiding him. The Lankan president should be allowed to visit India only after the Tamils of Sri Lanka get full protection and independence, the note said.Raj's father Thangavel said the former was the breadwinner of family that included his mother, Perumayee, and sister, Kokila. \"I have four sons and one daughter. Raj is the fourth son. The first three sons got married and are living separately. Raj lives with us and looks after us. We depend on him and did not expect him to act in such an irresponsible manner,\" Thangavel said.Rajapaksa has been invited by the leader of the opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj to Sanchi to lay the foundation stone for a centre for Buddhist studies. The function coincides with celebrations to mark 2,600 years of Buddha's enlightenment. Sanchi falls under Sushma's constituency Vidisha.The tragedy of Tamils in Sri Lanka is an emotive issue that fringe parties in Tamil Nadu periodically use to rally pro-Eelam sentiment. It is likely that opposition to Rajapaksa will gain strength as the date of the visit nears.Ahead of leaving for Sanchi, Vaiko addressed the media in Chennai and said it was unpardonable and unjustified that \"a killer and murderer of Tamils\" was invited to visit India. He rejected an appeal from MP CM Chouhan, who urged Vaiko to call off the protest as the Sanchi function was \"an occasion to spread love, peace and kindness\". In Bhopal, Chouhan claimed that the meet aimed to strengthen India's relations with its neighbours.However, Vaiko claimed that if Atal Behari Vajpayee was active he would not have let the MP government invite Rajapaksa. First the UPA betrayed us (Tamils) and now the BJP too, said Vaiko, whose party, MDMK, was once part of the NDA and had representatives in the Vajpayee government.Meanwhile, the Union government said it had no role in this matter since Rajapaksa was visiting India as a guest of the Madhya Pradesh government. \"Mahinda Rajapaksa is on an official visit and the Madhya Pradesh government has invited him. We cannot do anything,\" Union minister of state in PMO, V Narayanasamy said in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441405", "title": "Chief kazi slams attack on US mission", "text": "CHENNAI: As protests continue in the city against a controversial anti-Islam film, more elders in the Muslim community have cautioned against violence as a mean to register hurt or resentment.Maulana Ghulam Mohammed Mehdi Khan, chief Shia kazi, on Monday said he condemned the violence outside the US consulate here on Friday by activists of a political outfit, but expressed himself against the film saying, \"it feeds the wave of Islamophobia sweeping across the world\".He said there seemed to be a pattern of attacks on Islam starting with Salman Rushdie's book which led to a 'fatwa' issued against him, followed in subsequent years by a European cartoonist's depiction of the Prophet, and now this movie. Asked why Islamists should target the US and its president over a film made by an individual American, the kazi said: \"Every country has a censor board and it is not possible that the movie was not cleared by the American censor authority. I am sure President Obama could have exercised control through his country's censor board to stop release of the movie,\" he said.Referring to a demonstration staged in the Royapettah area on Monday by the Shia community, he said it was a spontaneous expression of sentiments not influenced by any incident in the Middle East. \"I have seen some clips of the movie on the internet and it's shameful to even describe what has been shown,\" he said.Meanwhile, Ramanathapuram MLA MH Jawahirulla, who belongs to the Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam (TMMK), has sought to play down the attack on the consulate by activists from the party as \"an accident. \"Nothing more should be read into that accident. A few youngsters did that out of their emotions and it was not a planned one. It was absolutely spontaneous,\" he said. In the past, protests and demonstrations by TMMK activists had gone off peacefully, Jawahirulla pointed out.He said the inadequate number of police personnel at the consulate was one of the main reasons why the protest went out of hand. \"Our leader who went earlier to the spot alerted police officials. We don't know why sufficient police force was not placed,\" he said.KVS Habeeb Mohammad, vice-president of a community forum called Islamic Foundation Trust, said the attack was not only directed against the director of the movie.\"We have to look at the whole background. The international Muslim community has been angry with the US government, especially with their foreign policies and approach to the Palestinian issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16447068", "title": "Vijaya Rural Development Foundation to extend scope of its activities: CMD", "text": "MANGALORE: The Vijaya Rural Development Foundation (VRDF) will extend activities of the foundation to districts where Vijaya Bank is the lead bank such as Mandya, Haveri and Dharwad, HS Upendra Kamath chairman and managing director of Vijaya Bank said. This will be done in association with rural development committees active in the region, Upendra Kamath said chairing the annual general meeting of VRDF here on Monday.With 40 per cent of the bank's branches located in rural areas, VRDF can play a pivotal role on addressing problems of rural populace there, Kamath opined. The Foundation will give impetus to agricultural activities in rural areas and respond to the aspiration of rural people, CMD said, adding that the bank, founded by agriculturists has always played a pivotal role in giving priority to this sector in Dakshina Kannada and elsewhere across India.Earlier, the bank organised a self-help group-bank credit linkage programme at Vamanjoor. Upendra Kamath who presided over the function and handed over 28 loan sanction letters to the SHG beneficiaries amounting to Rs 2.31 crore on this occasion exhorted them to utilise the funding given by the bank for productive purposes and ensure timely repayment of credit given to them. Kusuma BM, regional head, Vijaya Bank Mangalore was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442336", "title": "Abhinav\u2019s kin yet to get statement recorded", "text": "LUDHIANA: Unable to come to terms with the mysterious death of 21-year-old Abhinav Sachdeva, his family has not yet given a statement to police in the matter.The youth was found dead on Friday evening in New Lajpat Nagar.A close friend of the deceased's family, Ashok Vyas, said the Sachdevas were in a state of shock and had not been able to cope with the tragedy. He said a ceremony that is part of Abhinav's last rites would be performed on Tuesday after which the family would give their statement to police. He clarified that they had been in touch with the cops.\"The family will visit the police station on Tuesday for registration of case. We have met commissioner of police, Ludhiana, Ishwar Singh and have come to know that the police department has constituted a team to probe the matter,\" he added.Additional deputy commissioner of police, zone 3, Joginder Singh said they were waiting for the family's statement after which they would proceed in the matter. Abhinav had gone missing on Wednesday evening and his car was found abandoned in New Lajpat Nagar on Thursday. Police had initially stated that Abhinav was a victim of electrocution but the family said there were multiple injuries on the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442867", "title": "Kolkata's poor poorer than the rest", "text": "KOLKATA: If grinding poverty hurts your sensibilities, Kolkata is not the place to be in. Beyond the glitz of new street lights and fresh paint, lies a world of abject poverty where people barely manage to eek out a living.The provisional estimates of below poverty line (BPL) surveys in the city pegs the per capita income of poor in Kolkata at Rs 27 a day. The poor residing in Bengal's villages are still worse off, earning Rs 21 a day. The national per capita earning in cities and towns is Rs 32, while it is Rs 26 in villages.Incidentally, West Bengal is fifth in the poverty charts, behind only Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. A whopping 22% of the urban population in Bengal falls under the BPL category. The state's overall BPL ratio is 26%. Worse still, a majority of them has no hope of ever getting out of this situation.\"These people are caught in a vicious trap. Since they are either homeless or reside in unregistered slums, they don't have identity proofs like voter's ID or ration card. As most of them have never voted, they don't form a vote bank to interest political parties. The marginalization becomes absolute as they cannot avail of poverty alleviation schemes,\" said Action Aid regional manager Chittaranjan Mondal.According to the 2011 Census, there are 70,000 homeless living in Kolkata, up from 55,000 in 2001. NGOs feel the actual numbers will be much higher, pointing out that states suppress the numbers to improve the credit rating.According to a rapid assessment survey that was done to check the concentration of urban poor, 37,760 homeless were reported in Kolkata, 14,000-odd in Howrah and a few hundreds in Asansol. Though there are 24 shelters in the three towns, only half of them function.Action Aid, along with Griha Adhikar Mancha, Paschim Banga Jiban Jigbika Suraksha Mancha, Kolkata Naba Jagaran Mancha and Maheshtala Naba Jagaran Mancha have joined hands to form a network-A Just City For All-that will help the poor, destitute and homeless in cities. In the first phase, NGOs will work in 50 wards of Kolkata and 25 wards each in Howrah and Asansol. Next year, they will extend the service to Siliguri, Durgapur, Maheshtala and Dum Dum.\"We are trying to hand over the Antodaya Annapurna cards to them so that they can avail of subsidised foodgrains. Though 5,00,000 cards are earmarked for distribution, only 1,492 cards have been distributed till now. We are trying to bring many more urban poor under the scheme,\" said Reshmi Ganguly Bhattacharyya of The Calcutta Samaritans.The city's beautification drive, chief minister Mamata Banerjee's pet project, also came in for flak as it is pushing the homeless to the brink. \"Most of the homeless are rag-pickers, who collect, storeand sell recyclable garbage. The beautification drive has made it difficult for them to survive as stocking thegarbage has been made a punishable offence,\" pointed out Md Ishrafil of NGO Right Track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442531", "title": "Driver jailed for fatal accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has upheld the jail term awarded by a trial court to a driver whose rash driving killed three people and injured 20 in 1999.\"In my view, three deaths and a number of other persons injured in this accident is a serious circumstance, which should prohibit the court from showing any leniency to the accused. Sentence awarded by the trial court appears to be a balanced one,\" said J R Aryan, district judge.The driver, Rajnish Kumar, had sought leniency saying that he had suffered the agony of trial for 13 years and at the time of the accident, he was just 20 years old.Kumar, a resident of Khera village, had approached the sessions court challenging the trial court order holding him guilty of rash driving and causing death of three people due to negligence and sentencing him for 18 months in jail along with a fine of Rs 10,000.The accident occurred on the night of April 28, 1999 at Mandoli road in northeast Delhi when Kumar was driving a car, in which 22 people were travelling while returning from a marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16442847", "title": "Kollam public library sings a different success tune", "text": "KOLLAM: As many traditional libraries die a slow death in the era of internet, Kollam public library is attracting more youngsters, especially those who are looking for a government job.Youngsters sitting in small groups and poring over study material is a common sight on the sprawling library campus. The success of thousands of its members in securing government jobs over a period of time stands testimony to the success of such groups.As the knowledge sharing sessions under the shades of large thickets grew in numbers, those who secured government jobs as a result of such combined efforts have decided to help the newcomers.\"Three years ago we started a collective named Jubilant, to help the newcomers by providing them with books and magazines,\" says R B Vinod, secretary of Jubilant. \"Now the collective has more than 200 members; all government servants. We donate the learning materials to the library to help the youngsters who are preparing for exams and interviews,\" he said.The collective has been contributing books worth lakhs to the library for the past two years. This year too, they have contributed books worth Rs 50,000 to the library. The Jubilant also plans to contribute modern reading aids like Kindle and other such devices to the library in the near future.According to Vinod, even students from outside the district visit the library regularly and take part in the learning sessions.\"It is mostly students from financially poor backgrounds, who are unable to afford huge fees at coaching centers, depends on the library. Mission of this collective is to give a helping hand in the further development of the library and making the members available with all the modern resources,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441731", "title": "Boy found murdered", "text": "PUNE: A nine-year-old boy was found murdered behind the Kendriya Vidyalaya in Dehu Road on Monday morning. Police suspect the involvement of an acquaintance of the boy's mother.The deceased, Akshay Suresh Patil, was a resident of Alkapuri, Dehu Road. Akshay's mother Anjali has lodged a complaint with the Dehu Road police station against one Guddu Yadav of Bhiwandi in Thane district, who is absconding.The incident came to light on Monday morning when Yadav called Anjali on her mobile and told her that he found Akshay unconscious behind the school. \"Anjali and her neighbour, Santosh Shinde, rushed to the spot and found Akshay in the bushes behind the school,\" said senior police inspector Ram Jadhav.Anjali rushed Akshay to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead. \"As per the post-mortem report, Akshay was throttled to death,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said that Anjali works as a housemaid and stays in the servants' quarter with her three children. Her husband died in March this year. \"Anjali would also stitch hoods of autorickshaws to make some extra money,\" Jadhav said. She met Yadav for the first time when she had gone to her brother's house in Bhiwandi.Yadav was trying hard to convince Anjali to marry him. However, Anjali kept refusing his overtures. Yadav even stayed in Dehu Road for two-three months and worked as an autorickshaw driver to come close to Anjali.On Sunday morning, Yadav met Anjali again and asked her for marriage. When she said no again, he threatened to kill Akshay. \"Around 8 pm on Sunday, when Anjali was not at home, Yadav came and took away Akshay,\" Jadhav said. When Anjali returned, her daughters told her that Akshay had gone with Yadav. \"On Monday morning Yadav called Anjali and informed her about Akshay,'s death. Police have fanned three teams to trace Yadav. \"We are investigating,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443449", "title": "Vaiko leaves for Sanchi to protest against Rajapaksa's visit", "text": "BHOPAL: Turning down the request made by Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to MDMK general secretary V Gopalsamy known as 'Vaiko' to call off his party's protest against Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa , MDMK workers on Monday left for Sanchi to demonstrate against violation of rights Tamils in the island nation.\"We have turned down the request of the Madhya Pradesh chief minister and urged him to allow us to protest peacefully in a democratic manner against Rajapaksa's visit. Nearly 1000 people in 41 buses have left Chennai's Marina Beach after paying respect to Anna Durai for Sanchi to stage a peaceful demonstration. Vaiko is leading the convoy of 41 buses and we will reach Sanchi by September 20-21,\" MDMK sources told PTI from Chennai.The MDMK general secretary had written a letter to Chouhan requesting him to cancel Rajapaksa's visit to lay the foundation stone of the International Buddhist University at Sanchi, as people in Tamil Nadu hold him responsible for the killing of large number of Tamils in the island nation.However, Chouhan wrote to Vaiko requesting to give up the protest claiming that the programme at Sanchi is totally apolitical in nature, as it was aimed at bringing together civilisations of several Asian countries.Chouhan also said that his government has extended invitation to the heads of nearly 15 Asian countries including the prime minister of Bhutan , who will be at Sanchi to take part in the programme.Vaiko said the invitation extended to Rajapaksa by the BJP-ruled state government was \"unpardonable and unjustified\".In a related development at Salem in Tamil Nadu, a 26 year-old man attempted self-immolation protesting against Rajapaksa' visit. Vijayaraj was rushed to a government hospital with 95% burns and his condition was stated to be critical, police said.Meanwhile, Centre said it had no role to play in this matter as Rajapaksa was visiting the country at the invitation of the MP government.\"Mahinda Rajapaksha is on an official visit and the Madhya Pradesh government has invited him. We cannot do anything,\" Minister of State in PMO, V Narayanasamy said in Coimbatore.He urged parties not to politicise the Sri Lankan Tamils issue, saying it would affect them.DMK chief M Karunanidhi has also opposed the Lankan leader's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16443385", "title": "Fighting show by Miroslav Popov at San Marino GP", "text": "MUMBAI: Luck deserted Mahindra Moto3 team when its top rider Danny Webb's hopes of finishing among the points at the San Marino GP were dashed by a crash on the very first bend.The 21-year-old Englishman became the latest of many victims of the Misano circuit's tight first corner, when he was squeezed and pushed on corner entry in a high-speed traffic jam.But replacement rider Miroslav Popov restored some cheer to the Mahindra garage in only his second race on the white-and-red MGP-30 , pulling through from 33rd on the grid to finish 19th, holding his place in the middle of a tight group of three more experienced GP riders.The 17-yearold from the Czech Republic, riding in place of injured team regular Riccardo Moretti , is a grand prix novice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442793", "title": "Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology tech fest gives slum kids something to dream about", "text": "NAGPUR: Knowledge, they say, is power. This power to dispel myths and give fuel to ambitions was bestowed on some children from the city's orphanage and slums at a science workshop by Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT). Along with this knowledge transfer of a different kind, students were also exposed to a magic show to remove superstitions ingrained in the children's minds.Aptly titled Eureka, the workshop left children saying 'now I know how'. Organized by the college's social club Prayas and NGO Make A Difference (MAD) under the mentorship of Rotary Club of Nagpur North and guidance of professor Dilip Peshwe, the workshop was attended by more than a hundred kids from Shraddhanand Peth Anathalaya, Wilkinson Memorial School at Godhni and Yuvajyoti at Jaripatka. The workshop was a part of the college's tech fest Axis.Giving an example of how they taught the children, one of the volunteers for the event, third year student Parag Vaswani, said, \"The children were very surprised when we told them to play fugadi. After they were done, we explained to them the principle of centrifugal force. Their textbooks, we saw, covered topics like magnetism, friction and inertia. However, the laboratories in their schools are not very well equipped, so they were seeing some of these experiments for the first time.\"\"We also tried to use things like bottles, plastic cups and newspapers, which they can easily find. The aim was to enable them to not only repeat the experiments but also pass on the knowledge they acquired to younger children,\" said Jnanabhaskar Rao, another volunteer.Another myth that was busted for these students was that studying engineering will cost a lot, he said. \"Many of them asked us if they could study in such big colleges and were surprised to know that they could avail scholarships. Many even told us they would work hard on their studies to get through the scholarship tests,\" he added.\"Many students we know through our work at Prayas and MAD say they will give up studies after class X. This is mostly because they are not aware of the options they have in terms of higher studies and how it can help them earn afterwards. By the end of the workshop, it was apparent that their interest in studies and their confidence level had gone up substantially,\" said volunteer Rajashree Padmanabhi. \"I am happy to see this change, since some of the children are really bright,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16443863", "title": "Many battles, no ceasefire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just like the traffic nightmare on the toll plaza, tensions between NHAI and the Gurgaon Expressway contractor have been escalating for some time now. In fact, the battle was joined right after the stretch was opened to the public in 2008 with NHAI and the highways ministry putting the contractor \u2014 Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) \u2014 on notice for its failure to improve traffic movement at toll plazas.Only a month after the 27.7km expressway was made operational, the ministry had flagged the issue of how smooth and uninterrupted flow of traffic remained a distant dream and had asked NHAI why the concessionaire could not be asked to suspend toll fee collection until the system was improved. Before the expressway opened, NHAI had issued a provisional commercial date of operation (COD) permission to DGSCL to collect toll with a list of pending works to be completed within 180 days. Although the developer failed to complete many of these tasks, NHAI issued the final COD.In September 2009, the parliamentary committee on public undertakings (CoPU) raised objections to this alleged irregularity. The committee members observed that NHAI should have terminated the contract. In August 2010, NHAI sent a notice to the company asking it to fix a number of 'defaults' and 'breaches' within a month or face action. The letter was issued after NHAI received the CoPU report and numerous complaints about the operation of the expressway. Besides other allegations, the NHAI letter had sought a response on the alleged under-reporting of 'tolled' vehicles.The highway authority had blamed the company for its failure to manage toll plazas and control unauthorized entry into 'tag only' lanes. Most of these issues were resolved after payment of penalties by the contractor. Again, in April 2011, NHAI had set a 30-day deadline for the concessionaire to improve its operations and maintenance besides easing the congestion at toll plazas. Four months later, after an internal investigation by the highways ministry found serious irregularities committed by the contractor in refinancing the project, NHAI was asked to take legal action against the developer. The company had allegedly changed lenders to raise Rs 1,597 crore without seeking NHAI approval. The probe found that the developer had diverted Rs 327 crore from this amount to its holding firm. But the contractor dismissed the charges.Later, in December 2011, NHAI issued a preliminary termination notice to the contractor on three grounds \u2014 alleged financial fraud, its failure to expand and improve the 32-lane toll plaza and its failure to submit a proper plan for operations and maintenance. But the developer challenged it in Delhi high court; the lenders also became a party to the case. Finally, in February 2012, the NHAI issued a contract termination order after Delhi high court directed it to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16442849", "title": "ST staff's indefinite strike hits rural areas", "text": "GONDIA: Responding to the call given by the central leadership of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) workers union, the entire staff of Gondia depot, including, drivers, conductors and technical personnel, launched an indefinite strike on Monday, paralysing life in rural areas of the district.The MSRTC staffers are demanding class III status at par with state government employees along with other facilities.According to sources in the ST workers union, staffers of various civic corporations in the state are treated at par with government employees. The federation had given an ultimatum to the MSRTC management till September 16 to meet their demands. Since it failed to take cognisance, the union launched the agitation from Azad Maidan, Mumbai, on Monday, added sources.According to manager of Gondia depot, NN Neware, 347 depot staffers have joined the strike. Of them, 341 are drivers, 284 conductors and 57 technical personnel. \"The depot is likely to suffer loss of Rs5 lakh per day and also cause inconvenience to about one lakh passengers, including villagers and students,\" he added.It may be noted that two-third of the Gondia district, including Deori, Sadak Arjuni and Arjuni Morgaon tehsils, does not have rail connectivity. These are predominantly Naxal infested areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441806", "title": "Man kills self near Malavli railway station", "text": "PUNE: A 31-year-old man committed suicide by throwing himself before a speeding train near Malavli railway station on Sunday evening. A suicide note found near him stated that he had thrown his two sons into the canal at Vadgaon Budruk before ending his life.Ankush Ganpat Pansare of Ambegaon Budruk and his two children had been missing since Saturday. After searching for them, Ankush's wife Pooja (23) had lodged a complaint with the Haveli police station on Sunday.The police conducted a massive search of the canal on Monday but could not find the boys Ganraj (5) and Yuvraj (3). \"We will continue our search on Tuesday,\" said sub-divisional police officer (Haveli division) M P Karade.Police sub-inspector S S More of the government railway police told TOI that Pansare's body was found on the railway tracks near Malavli late on Sunday evening. \"We also found a notebook near the body,\" More said.Pansare had written a 10-page suicide note in the book. \"When we read that he had thrown his two sons in the canal, we immediately informed the Haveli police,\" More said.The suicide note also stated that Pansare's step brothers and sister had sold their family land and did not give Pansare his share. \"Pansare had written about his family's problems in the suicide note,\" More added.According to the missing person's complaint, Ankush had demanded money from his wife to purchase liquor on Saturday morning. When she refused to give him money, they had had a fight. When Pooja returned home in the evening, she found that Ankush and her sons were not at home, the police said.Karade said that Ankush worked in a restaurant on Laxmi Road in Pune. The police will visit Pansare's house on Tuesday to verify his handwriting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442415", "title": "BJP taking baby steps towards shedding anti-minority tag", "text": "LUCKNOW: Call it political compulsion or the party's effort to shed its anti-minority image, the Bharatiya Janata Party , is in damage-repair mode after it came down heavily on the Samajwadi Party government for taking pro-Muslim stance and decisions.Addressing a conference organised by the minority cell of the party, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpai said Congress and other parties were playing vote bank politics, vitiating the atmosphere and hatching a communal conspiracy. At a time when opposition tags BJP communal, its state president said communalism doesn't exist as if it did, it would affect every section of the society and not be limited to a particular community.No wonder, party leaders had been vocal with their protest against SP government's go-soft attitude towards members of minority community. However, wary of being tagged anti-Muslim, a risk, which the party is not willing to take at this moment after being out of power in Centre in general and UP in particular for a long time now, the party leadership doesn't want to completely annoy members of the minority, a party insider said.But that doesn't mean the party is going all out to project itself as pro-Muslim. A political pundit says they would tread the middle path expecting the minority community to turn at least neutral towards the party if not exactly pro-BJP. For this, the party would continue to hold such conferences and meetings so that party workers can be galvanised to present a neutral picture of the BJP, a senior party leader said.Even the state BJP chief said while talking to TOI: \"I told the party workers they shouldn't worry about Muslim votes and work to ensure that the party does not earn an anti-minority tag.\"Exhorting nationalist Muslims to come forward and raise voice against the divide and rule policies adopted by parties on communal lines, the minority cell state president Safaat Hussain condemned the alleged beef party being organised at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) in the Congress-ruled Delhi. \"With no action being taken in this regard till now, it looks like Congress is hell-bent on disturbing communal harmony between Hindu and Muslims,\" Hussain further claimed.The Congress is trying to divert issues of corruption and scams plaguing the nation by allowing to rule a party which is vitiating the atmosphere of the country, said Hussain.Even though the press communique issued by the state party office did not mention any digs taken by BJP leaders at Samajwadi Party government in the state, Bajpayi told TOI that the party has and will condemn the SP government's pro-minority stand and added that the state government was not for one community but for all those who live in the state irrespective of caste, creed and religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441755", "title": "Army to probe Khadki accident", "text": "PUNE: The Southern Command has ordered a court of inquiry into an accident on September 15 in Khadki which involved an Army vehicle. A 40-year-old woman had died in the accident.The Army authorities have identified the vehicle and the driver, Sepoy Ashok Kumar, through an established system of internal reporting. Kumar is posted at a local Army unit. The Army is cooperating with the police. Necessary action will be taken as per Army Regulations on completion of the said inquiry, said a statement released by the defence public relations officer on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442734", "title": "Jayaswals facing forgery, cheating FIRs in Chhattisgarh", "text": "NAGPUR: City's well known Jayaswal family is facing criminal investigations not just in coalgate scam rocking the Manmohan Singh government but also for alleged forgery by their group for getting iron ore mines in Chhattisgarh.Though the accusations seem old, they came to fore when Jayaswals moved the Bombay High Court's Nagpur bench last month praying for restraining CBI from taking coercive action following five complaints lodged by the Chhattisgarh government against them. It included serious allegations of forgery and cheating for grant of iron ore mining licences on about 1,600 hectares by directors/officials of Jayaswals Neco Ltd in connivance with \"unknown officials\" of Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM). According Geological Survey of India's (GSI) survey report (between 1971-79) iron-ore reserves in the said area were estimated to be over 280 million tonnes whose value is pegged at a staggering Rs 80,000 crore at current market price.Though hearing was adjourned by a division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale on Monday on request of the additional advocate general for Chhattisgarh government Jugal Kishor Gilda, CBI in its affidavit through its counsel Shyam Ahirkar spelt out details of \"serious allegations\" while endorsing Chhattisgarh government's stand. Saying that investigations were underway, CBI prayed for dismissal of plea.The petition was filed by Jayaswals Neco Industries Ltd, MIDC Hingna, in Nagpur along with its owners Basant Lal Shaw, his sons Arbind and Ramesh Jayaswal and president (mines) DL Chaudhary. CBI and Chhattisgarh's Department of Home, State Bureau of Investigations, Economic Offences Wing (EoW) were made respondents. Senior counsel VR Manohar pleaded for Jayaswals along with Akshay Naik. Gilda, however, strongly pleaded for rejection of the petition as this court didn't have the jurisdiction to hear it and Chhattisgarh High Court in Bilaspur would be appropriate place.Jayaswals had prayed for supplying copies of five FIRs (No. 33 to 37/2012) lodged against them by Chhattisgarh government in the alleged forgery case. During last hearing on August 13, the bench of justices SC Dharmadhikari and MT Joshi had directed the government to supply the copies and restrained the respondents from taking any coercive action against petitioners. The judges made it clear that investigations would continue.The affidavit by CBI additional superintendent Ghan Shyam Rai informed that case against Jayaswals was registered with its Economic Offences branch in New Delhi on source information through Central Vigilance Commission (CVC). The CVC asked them to investigate allegations of furnishing forged documents by Jayaswals to Chhattisgarh government for getting four mining areas on lease in Rowghat. The leases were applied for by the company claiming they had prospected the area and submitted the prospecting report to the government.However, the latter rejected their applications in an order of January 31, 2007, on the grounds that statutory prospecting reports submitted by Jayaswals Neco in May 2000 had references to \"Chhattisgarh state\" at several places. However, as the state itself came into existence in November 1, 2000, the submissions were false. The company challenged this order before revisionary authority while submitting additional documents including acknowledgments (dated December 16, 1999, and January 20, May 13 and May 17, 2000) issued under the seal of IBM regional controller at Nagpur which was also found to be forged. Even the technical scrutiny of data contained in the prospecting reports revealed many mismatches and it was concluded that reports were prepared using unreal/concocted data. The prospecting report submitted by Jayaswals had been antedated and not prepared in May 2000, the government claimed.The Chhattisgarh government stated it also cancelled mining lease of Tata Steel and other companies but for various other reasons and made a gazette notification that henceforth Rowghat area would be prospected by the government itself and would not be given to any private party.CBI affidavit further stated that a regular case (No RC 219/2012-E0006) was registered by it against Jayaswals Neco, its directors and unknown officials of IBM, and FIR copy was dispatched to special CBI judge in Nagpur. CBI apprehended that some documents might be destroyed by the accused and therefore they conducted search operations on their premises in July. The central agency made it clear that FIRs were registered on the basis of material available against the Jayaswals.Rai mentioned that CBI's FIRs contained allegations of commission of offences of conspiracy, cheating, forgery for the purpose of cheating, using forged document as genuine, attempt to cheat and abuse of official position and hence investigations were must in the interest of justice. On CBI's request, Chhattisgarh EOW had closed its preliminary enquiry in the cases from No. 34 to 37/12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16446847", "title": "BJP members walk out from JPC meeting on 2G", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP members on Tuesday walked out of the proceedings of a Joint Parliamentary Committee on 2G scam, claiming that they were not allowed to raise the issue of finalising the list of witnesses.On August 22 also, BJP members had walked out of the JPC meeting alleging that Congress members had used foul language when they sought inclusion of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram in the finalised list of witnesses to be called before the JPC.The members present in meeting said BJP members led by Yashwant Sinha walked out of the proceedings after committee chairman P C Chacko said the panel would first take oral evidence from former finance secretary and present RBI governor D Subbarao, who appeared before the JPC.Subbarao was the finance secretary between April 2007 and September 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443888", "title": "Allahabad University to hold teachers' interviews from September 21", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University will start holding the selection committees for recruiting teachers from September 21. The recruitment of new teachers will improve the Teacher Taught Ratio (TTR) on the campus. The committees would be held continuously for a week; take a break during the student union elections and resume thereafter in October.To fill teaching vacancies and maintain an ideal Teacher-Taught Ratio (TTR), AU had advertised more than 500 teaching positions in February. Divided into planned (sanctioned to AU during 11th Five Year Plan) and non-planned (sanctioned earlier but were lying vacant), chunk of these positions are for the post of assistant professor (known as lecturers). Of these vacancies, 318 posts are for assistant professors, 203 under planned while rest being under non-plan. Likewise, AU needs 119 associate professors, wherein 31 positions are under plan posts while the remaining 88 are for non-plan posts. Similarly, for the post of professors, AU has invited applications for 67 posts, 17 professors under plan posts and rest 50 under non-plan.Sources said AU has scrutinised the applications and corresponded with the UGC for nominating names of senior teachers against the expert names of UGC and others who have to come from outside the varsity system for holding the selection committee.On September 21, the selection committee will hold interviews for the posts of one professor and three assistant professors for the biochemistry department. On the same date, AU will also hold interviews for recruiting teaching faculty in the department of Food and Technology of Institute of Professional Studies (IPS).On September 22, interviews for five posts of assistant professor in the bioinformatics department will be held. On September 23 and 24, AU will hold selection committees for the education department wherein interviews for 15 teaching positions will be held. On September 23 and 24, AU will hold interviews against one professor, two associate professors and 12 assistant professors,\" said AU public relation officer Prof PK Sahoo.Names of the departments for which the selection committee would be held after September 24 have not been disclosed yet but sources said interviews for departments like CBCS, music, Urdu etc would be held in the coming days.A senior teacher of AU associated with recruitment process said, \"Teachers and officials at AU are putting hours of labour to see that AU gets fresh teachers at the campus as soon as possible so that the students, which are already suffering because of the shortage of teachers at all the departments, will get teachers and AU would improve in terms of TTR.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442865", "title": "Hike in reward to excise personnel to lift their spirits", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a bid to lift the morale of excise officials and thus check the flow of illicit spirit to the Kerala from neighbouring states, the state government on Monday announced a reward of 25% of the total value of the spirit and vehicle seized by the excise officials.Announcing the government decision, excise minister K Babu said all steps have been taken to pre-empt any delay in distributing the reward to eligible officials in the enforcement wing of the department. The state cabinet had given green signal to the excise department's proposal for giving rewards to excise officials. A government order in this regard has already been issued, the minister said.\"At present, excise officials are given paltry sums as cash rewards. The officials who seize illicit spirit or narcotics get rewards as follows. Assistant commissioner gets Rs 1500, CI (Rs 1,000) and excise inspectors, preventive officers and guards get Rs 750, 500 and 300 respectively,\" the office of excise minister said here on Monday. Illicit spirit is ferried across the border, mostly to mix it with toddy.Once the formalities of evaluating the value of seized materials is over, the excise team would soon get the reward. \"If the value of the spirit and vehicle is assessed at Rs 10 lakh, the team would get Rs 2.5 lakh. The reward will be shared by the team members,\" Babu said.Similarly, the government has decided to grant the long pending demand of excise personnel for off duty allowance. Government was actively considering the demands for providing most of the benefits given to police personnel. Government was also considering a proposal to rename several posts in the department.The excide department has recently suspended nine excise personnel who were found responsible for providing safe passage to several spirit laden trucks through excise check posts at Velanthavalam in Palakkad and Aryankavu check post in Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16443628", "title": "District to get special cop teams for investigations", "text": "VARANASI: The district would soon have a dedicated Investigation Police (IP) to facilitate speedy investigation in criminal cases and early submission of charge-sheets or final reports.The SP (Rural) Amarendra Pratap, who has the charge of ASP (crime), the nodal officer for IP, told TOI on Monday, \"The IP will be introduced mainly in 15 police stations of city area. The process of identifying 36 sub-inspectors and two constables as well as eight head constables to assist each SI is complete and these would form the IP teams.A three-day capsule course would be organised in the district for these shortlisted personnel from September 23, after which the IP would start operating.\"It is worth mentioning that the High Court has been stressing on the need to create a separate cell to end the problem of avoidable delay in investigation of criminal cases. As a pilot project, the IP was constituted in Meerut which yielded encouraging results and this was appreciated by the court. Subsequently, the state police decided to introduce the same in KAVAL (Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Agra and Lucknow) towns.Pratap said the IP would function only in the city areas where law and order issues keep the police busy, delaying investigations. The personnel selected for IP would not be concerned with law and order duties and work exclusively to complete investigation in criminal cases. In the coming days, the IP personnel would also get vehicles, common user group (CUG) mobile phone numbers, radio transmitter sets, crime kit and other equipment.Except murder cases, which would be investigated by the police station officers, the responsibility of investigation in most of the criminal cases, including attempt to murder, rape, kidnapping, elopement, road hold up, burglary, loot, property related offences, chain snatching, and forgery would be given to IP, Pratap said. During the capsule course, he said, the IP personnel would be trained by the special prosecution officer, medico legal experts and senior police officers.On the concluding day of this course, he said, a team of experts from director, forensic science would visit to teach the technicalities to the IP. The IP would operate from police stations and its performance would be reviewed bi-monthly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442141", "title": "Shinde likely to meet Rehman Malik in Male next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde is likely to hold a bilateral meeting with the advisor to Pakistani PM on internal affairs Rehman Malik in the Maldives on the sidelines of a SAARC conference next week.Sources said that Shinde, in his maiden meeting with Malik, is expected to ask him to bring to justice soon those involved in 26/11 terror attack, check infiltration into India and to dismantle terrorist infrastructure across the border.Circulation of fake Indian currency notes, unprovoked firing by Pakistan border guarding personnel along the international border and a host of other issues bilateral issues are also likely to be discussed during the talks on the sidelines of SAARC home/interior ministers' conference to be held in Male from September 24 to 26.It is, however, not yet clear whether New Delhi will share with Islamabad evidence related to the involvement of Pakistani elements in uploading morphed images and videos in hundreds of web pages on lower Assam violence that led to exodus of people belonging to the north-east from Bangalore, Chennai, Pune and Mumbai last month.On August 19, Shinde in a telephonic conversation with Malik had taken up the issue of social media networking sites being misused by elements in Pakistan to circulate morphed pictures and fabricated reports in a bid to create communal strife in India and sought action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16442799", "title": "Tehsildar held for taking Rs 20,000 bribe", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths, on Monday, arrested tehsildar Varunkumar Sahare while taking bribe of Rs 20,000 from a fair price shop owner. A middleman who handled the deal for Sahare also was arrested in the raid conducted at tehsil office.The complainant Chandu Bagle owned a fair price shop in Naginabugh locality. Last month, Sahare had raided Bagle's shop for some alleged irregularities and sealed it. Later on Bagle approached the tehsildar seeking permission to reopen his shop. But Sahare allegedly asked Bagle to give him Rs 60,000. Bagle, reportedly, paid Rs 30,000 as first instalment of the deal.The tehsildar was to remove the seal on the shop and settle the case against Bagle after receipt of remaining money. Bagle, however, refused to give any more money, but Sahare kept on insisting. Bagle again negotiated the bribe amount with Sahare and the matter was settled for Rs 20,000.Even though Bagle agreed to pay Rs 20,000 as final instalment, he also simultaneously filed a complaint with ACB, Chandrapur.After getting the complaint deputy SP, ACB, Rajesh Sirshat laid a trap at the tehsil office. The ACB sleuths sent Bagle with bribe money. The tehsildar, who was in his chamber along with a middleman Rakesh Mishra, asked Bagle to give money to the middleman. Rakesh Mishra is also a fair price shop owner.As soon as Mishra took the bribe money from Bagle, ACB aleuths nabbed him and tehsildar Sahare. They seized the bribe money. Dy SP Sirshat ratified the arrest of tehsildar Sahare and his mediator Mishra.\"Tehsildar Sahare took a bribe of Rs 20,000 through his aide Mishra. Both of them have been arrested under charges of corruption,\" he said.Sand contractors who were disgruntled with Sahare celebrated his arrest by bursting firecrackers in front of the tehsil office. They also distributed sweets among the people present in tehsil office premises.City unit of BJP welcomed Sahare's arrest and demanded suspension of Sahare for corruption. BJP activist led by city secretary Kishor Jorgewar staged protest against Sahare in tehsil office and submitted a memorandum seeking his suspension to district collector.An offence under relevant section of Anti Corruption Act has been registered against the accused tehsildar and his aide at Ramnagar police station. ACB team also raided Sahare's residence in Nagpur immediately after his arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442626", "title": "Chandigarh Transport Undertaking bus snuffs out another life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A speeding CTU bus claimed another life on Monday. Cyclist Ram Bahadur, 55, of Maloya village, near Sector 39, was hit by the low-floor bus and dragged for 10 metres at Sector 16 cricket stadium roundabout.The incident took place around 8am when Bahadur, a PWD employee, was on his way to office.After hitting him, the bus rammed a roadside iron grill. The injured was taken to Government Multi-speciality Hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead.Malkeet Singh, CTU driver who has been arrested under the charges of death due to negligent driving, said, \"I lost control while negotiating a turn towards ISBT-17, following which the bus hit the cyclist.\" Sudhir Singh, an eyewitness and colleague of deceased, said, \"There was not much traffic at the roundabout when the accident took place.\" SHO of Sector 17 police station Ram Gopal said the bus has been impounded and senior CTU officers apprised of the case registration.Bahadur is survived by four married sons and two daughters. The body was handed over to his family after a postmortem.It is the third accident caused by a CTU bus here in the past three months. All these accidents have a common thread - they took place on a 17 -- on July 17, school girl Anupama Sarkar was hit; August 17 another schoolkid Pooja was hit and the Monday's incident occurred on September 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442710", "title": "DG's squad seizes IMFL worth Rs 20L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state director general of police's vigilance squad raided a farm near Unjha in North Gujarat and seized stock of IMFL worth Rs 20.89 lakh. Police arrested the farm owner and are searching for the bootlegger who got the stock from Rajasthan.According to vigilance squad officials, a team led by sub-inspectors A R Chavda and A J Patel were tipped off about a consignment of liquor at a farm near Unjha. They raided farm of Vishnu Gajjar at Ethor village on Monday afternoon and checked two makeshift shanties and a car parked there.\"The team found 562 boxes of beer and various brands of liquor worth Rs 20.70 lakh. The crates were stashed in the shanties and were concealed under fodder, while the car's boot also had bottles ready to be delivered. We arrested Gajjar after the seizure. He said he had rented out the shanties as a storehouse to Ramesh Marwadi, an Unjha based bootlegger. We have handed over the case to local police for further investigation,\" said a vigilance squad official.Officials said Marwadi would get liquor from his contacts in Rajasthan and store it on Gajjar's farm. The car and bike were used as delivery vehicles. Police have also started a search for the vehicle owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16445072", "title": "State push for an upgrade of facilities at tourist sites", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to improve tourist facilities across popular monuments and archaeological sites in the state, chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia on Monday asked authorities to enter into a memorandum of understanding with central tourism agencies.The state has been pushing for improvement of infrastructure and tourist facilities at popular destinations. Last month, a delegation led by state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan held a meeting in this regard with union cultural affairs minister Kumari Selja. On Monday, union cultural affairs secretary Sangita Gairola visited Mantralaya to review the tourism facilities in the state.She held a meeting with Banthia and senior state officials in this regard. During the course of the meeting, the requirement of entering into MOUs with central agencies like the National Monument Authority, and the Archaeological Society of India, which oversees conservation of these monuments and archaeological sites was insisted upon for an upgrade in facilities. Banthia later directed state officials to make arrangement to enter into such MOUs on priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446720", "title": "Priyanka's huge gift to Upendra", "text": "Actor turned film producer Priyanka Upendra presented a Jaguar to actor Upendra this year as a birthday gift. She gifted him just two days before his birthday.Gifting Jaguar seems to have become trend with the Kannada film industry with actor Darshan and Sudeep being gifted the same on their birthday's this year. Both were gifted the same by their wives, Vijayalakshmi and Priya. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16441408", "title": "Moves afoot to bring in Ahmedabad auto model", "text": "The struggle to rationalise auto fares in the city is on in earnest. Several stakeholders, including the transport department, the traffic police and NGOs, will soon attempt to replicate the G-Auto system in Chennai.The Ahmedabad-based G-Auto, a 6,000-strong network of auto drivers, provides a service \"that is more than just a journey from one point to another.\" Launched by Nirmal Kumar, an IIM graduate, it is a call centre through which autorickshaws can be booked and is similar to that of the call taxi network. G-Autos in Ahmedabad, said Nirmal, strictly adhere to government fixed fares and there is no haggling. They also provide value-added services like newspapers, magazines and water.\"The idea is to provide consistent patronage. Network members are entitled to medical insurance and education loans,\" he added. Nirmal is expected to arrive shortly in the city where Chennai City Connect (CCC), an NGO, has arranged a meeting with the transport commissioner. \"He will also meet auto drivers' unions,\" said Balchand of CCC. The traffic police will start mobilising around 80 auto drivers for the pilot project. \"They will have our stamp of approval,\" said a police officer.The Times of India has decided to help set up the infrastructure needed for the project. Nirmal, in a mail to TOI, said that the requirements would range from space for administration work and framing to MoUs with the government to get off the ground. Members of auto driver unions are largely agreeable to a structured fare. \"With regularised fares we will get more patronage. Now, commuters use autorickshaws only as the last resort as there is a lot of haggling involved,\" said M S Rajendran , president of CITU-affiliated Auto Drivers Welfare Association.Nirmal says his work in Ahmedabad was easy. In 2009, he shot off an e-mail to chief minister Narendra Modi \"once we had 100 auto drivers who were willing to be part of the network.\" This was followed by a half-an-hour meeting with the chief minister. \"The government funded a part of the programme in the initial stages,\" said Kumar.From just 100 autos in 2009, the network has grown to 6,000 in Ahmedabad and about 10,000 across Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442795", "title": "At last, corporation mulls selling off garbage to farmers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Garbage for sale! Don't be surprised if you stumble upon this advertisement in the capital city in near future. After all possible options to dispose of the mounting garbage heaps in the city fail to yield results, the city corporation is now looking for takers from rural areas who would require garbage to be used as manure for plantations.The corporation is planning to publish advertisements in this regard. The civic body will remit a minimal charge from the interested parties. The takers will also have to make sure that there won't be any local opposition to the transportation of garbage to the area.\"Often people would not allow vehicles carrying garbage to enter their locality. So the corporation would want interested parties to carry out the transportation of waste on their own,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.A month ago, a plantation owner from Ponmudi had approached the corporation requesting garbage for his plantation. However, the officials were not interested as the local residents raised protest.\"Moreover the corporation vehicles were too big to carry out the transportation to the hilly region. We would have had to level the land and prepare a wider path for the transportation of garbage for which we would have required additional funds. Hence we were forced to drop the idea. However, the corporation is aware of the fact that there are so many takers for garbage if we could do away with local protest,\" said health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha.Earlier, the civic body used to sell the leftovers of vegetables from Chalai market to farmers at fixed rates. However, even this sale was halted following the closure of Vilappilsala garbage processing plant. \"People would think that the entire garbage from the city was being transported by the farmers and hence it had to be stopped,\" said a corporation official.The corporation is keen on disposing of the garbage mainly from the major markets in the city.\"We hope that once we publicize the supply of garbage, we could find takers, especially from people hailing from rural areas who own agricultural lands,\" added Happy Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441802", "title": "Around 68% viewers in four metros switch to digital TV", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the deadline for digitization less than two months away, 68% viewers have switched to digital television. The information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry held a review of progress of the four metro cities \u2014 Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai \u2014 that are expected to complete the digitization process by October 31.A ministry statement said the most number of set-top boxes (STBs) had been installed in Mumbai, where 95% of TV households had gone digital. Kolkata came second with 67%, Delhi (53%) while Chennai reported 49% penetration.Officials said installation of STBs in cable TV homes was one of the most crucial pre-conditions for the digital switchover and with just six weeks remaining, the ministry was constantly reviewing progress.The ministry said as per 2011 census data, average TV penetration in the four metros was about 80%. According to the census data, of the 103.76 lakh households in Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai, 82.59 lakh had TV sets of which 25.59 lakh households had Direct To Home (DTH) connection. Out of these, 46.71 lakh households had installed an STB.The achievement of digitization will go up to 77% if figures of 25.59 lakh households that already have DTH connection are added, the ministry said.The I&B; ministry has also launched a publicity campaign to spread awareness about the benefits of digitization which will allow greater choice of channels and better quality at competitive pricing to viewers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442732", "title": "Despite rocketing prices, demand for idols surges to new high", "text": "NAGPUR: Weathering all odds like rising inflation and fuel prices, the city is all set to welcome the Lord of Wisdom in its 118th year on Wednesday, despite the fact that idol prices have rocketed to a new high. Even the smallest idol will cost you around Rs 200, even as demand has swelled to an all-time high, with the city requiring over 3.5 lakh idols - big and small - estimate idol makers.Ever since noted freedom fighter Lokmanya Tilak evolved the concept in 1893, devotees in the city celebrate Lord Ganesh's stay with much enthusiasm and vigour. The over a century old bastion of idol makers at Chitar Oli is abuzz with artisans giving finishing touches to idols for the 10-day extravaganza.Their zeal has not diminished a bit in spite of raw material prices soaring to new high along with labour costs. The surge in demand for idols has ensured that the artists have their hands full this year as well.Artist Vijay Gaikwad explains that the surge in prices has been seen since last couple of years. \"Everything from clay to wood to clothes has become dearer, sometimes even costing double. According to our estimate, the prices of all things required to make a complete idol have increased by 50-60%. Add to that the cost of labour and paint, and it becomes an expensive affair,\" he says.Even the number of organizations as well as families celebrating the Ganesh festival has grown manifold, cutting across caste, creed and religion. \"No matter what the idols costs, this festival is a tradition and an integral part of our culture. People might celebrate it in a low-profile manner, but there has to be a Ganesh idol in each home,\" says homemaker Deepali Agasti, who celebrates the festival with great pomp and show.\"People may switch over to buying clay idols due to increased awareness about the ill effects of PoP, but they will surely celebrate the festival,\" said homemaker Smita Parikh.Nonetheless, concern regarding damage to environment due to use of plaster of Paris (PoP) and paints containing hazardous chemicals has only increased due to the high demand for idols. \"PoP's cost depends on its quality. But we prefer clay idols as it is the original tradition started by our forefathers. Making idols is an artistic job, which requires hard work,\" said veteran artist Kamlakar Ingle.(With inputs from Poorva Rathi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442763", "title": "7K police, CCTVs for Ganesh festival", "text": "NAGPUR: City police have prepared a security blueprint for the forthcoming Ganesha festival in the city from Wednesday. It is learnt that around 1,025 Ganesh mandals in the city will celebrate the festival with 7,000 police personnel standing guard.Apart from local cops, two companies of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) and around 650 Home Guards would also be pressed into the security bandobast. Closed circuit television cameras would be installed at different points and watch towers would be erected at crucial junctions in the city. Special vigilance would be deployed at markets and crowded localities, apart from the parking slots in various parts of the city.Police have urged organizers to ensure their pandals are not erected on the roads or blocking traffic in violation of high court orders. The mandals have also been urged not to play music in violation of sound pollution norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bwssb will organize a water adalat on tuesday from 9", "code": "16443637", "title": "Voice your water woes", "text": "BWSSB will organize a Water Adalat on Tuesday from 9:30am to 11am at the office of the assistant executive engineer, MNK Park. This is for consumers of MNK Park, Mount Joy, Girinagar, Nagendra Block. There will be another Adalat for consumers of Johnson Market, Koramangala Blocks 1and 2; two more Adalats at Bellandur and Rajarajeshwarinagar for consumers of Ideal Homes, Kengeri and BEML Layout.* BWSSB will hold grievance-redressal meetings on Tuesday from 7am to 9.30am at Chandra Layout 1 and 2, Kodichikkanahalli, Bhuvaneshwari Nagar, Vidyaranyapura, Kumara Park, Kamala Nagar and Jayanagar 4th Block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16444071", "title": "Centre\u2019s media blitz ahead of elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government has unleashed a publicity blitzkrieg for its flagship programme Bharat Nirman in an image makeover exercise ahead of the poll season. The campaign comes close on the heels of UPA-II's new-found decisiveness on policy matters and is pitched at turning attention from recent spurt of scams.The campaign that goes with the tag line of 'Bharat Nirman mein haq hai mera' includes print, TV and radio spots that have been directed by filmmaker Pradeep Sarkar. About 10 to 12 different ads have been created to tackle diverse issues like women empowerment, minority rights, literacy schemes, maternity benefit schemes, and employment guarantee plan.The jingle \u2014 sung by Kailash Kher in several languages \u2014 will hit state and regional media soon. The ads, in a break from the usual stodgy government advertisements. Wary of a backlash like that was witnessed after NDA's 'India Shining' campaign in the 2004, UPA has kept its publicity drives low key concentrating on the 'aam aadmi'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442551", "title": "\u2018Ferrari ki sawari\u2019 to welcome Lord Ganesha", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The birthday festivities of Lord Ganesha are going to be a rocking affair this time, with popular movie songs jostling for space with traditional chants of ''Ganpati bappa mourya''.Nanda Kawale, a Maharashtrian in the city, and her team are eager to go all the nine yards in draping a typical Marathi style saree this Ganesh Chaturthi, adorning themselves with a gajra and nose pin, and swinging to the beats of Bollywood number ''Mala Jau de'' like Vidya Balan in ''Ferrari ki sawari''.With 300 families from Maharashtra in the Tricity, Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations are getting bigger every year. This time, the tempo of festivities is set to increase with Lavani songs \u2014a genre of music popular in Maharashtra \u2014 like ''Bhugadi Mahji Sandali Ga''. A combination of traditional song and dance, Lavani is known for its powerful rhythm and erotic sentiment. The show planned by Kawale's group will take viewers down memory lane, with performances on Marathi songs from the movies of the 70s to Katrina Kaif's number in ''Agneepath''.\"We are able to hold such a show here as there aren't many other organisations from Maharashtra,\" smiled Kawale as she got her breath back after the gruelling rehearsal.Food is another important aspect of this festival. Sangeeta Belokar, a resident of Sector 14, has begun preparing modaks (special laddoos) for the big day. \"Every year, we get together and celebrate the festival. Anand mela or food contest is an exciting part of the day. In Maharashtra, a inter-pandal contest is held, but this is not possible here as only one pandal is put up in Maharashtra Bhawan in Sector 19,\" she said.The bhawan has ordered a 2.5-foot tall idol of Ganesh from Pune as it will have colours similar to Lalbaugcha Raja, a popular Ganesha idol kept at Lalbaug, Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442614", "title": "ABVP bandh call gets tepid response", "text": "NEW DELHI: The DU bandh called by ABVP received a lukewarm response, with most colleges and departments going ahead with the classes on Monday. The party wanted fresh polling as well as an inquiry into the alleged foul play by the election office in conducting the DUSU elections.Though colleges had normal attendance, protest rallies by ABVP activists disrupted traffic on North Campus for some time. The activities did succeed in disrupting classes at Kirori Mal and Ramjas colleges.ABVP then submitted a memorandum to the VC, demanding cancellation of the DUSU 2012 elections in view of alleged malpractices and non-transparent approach of the chief election officer.The central library on the campus also had to close down for a while after a section of postgraduate students protested in front of it.They wanted the university to take up the issue of lathicharge on innocent students by policeman on Saturday. The students claimed cops rushed to the library during the melee and started thrashing the students without provocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446288", "title": "Prithviraj gets a toned body to lure Rani", "text": "Malayalam actor Prithviraj, who is all set to enter B'town with Aiyya, is excited to share screen space with Rani Mukerji. However, the actor had to work out hard to get the toned body as he plays object of Rani's fantasy in the film.\"Director Sachin Kundalkar had given me the brief about the character. Initially, I shot for the film and later for songs. I got sometime off to workout on by body and I followed a strict diet regime,\" said Prithviraj.Aiyya has grabbed eyeballs and Rani too seems positive about her portrayal of a Marathi mulgi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442900", "title": "Water crisis to end in two-three days", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 10 lakh citizens of the city faced great inconvenience for two days following shutdown of water supply for reviving of master balance reservoirs (MBRs) situated at Seminary Hills. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has assured to restore the water supply by Tuesday morning. But the water supply may not be normalized completely for two or three days, raising doubts whether the Ganesh festival, beginning on Wednesday, will be affected.NMC started work at the two MBRs on Sunday and it continued on war footing on Monday. People from West, South-West, Central and a few parts of South Nagpur were affected due to the interruption.Most citizens managed to meet their requirements with the help of water stored at their households on the first day. But the situation worsened on Monday. Many citizens started to run pillar to post for water. The six zone offices and call centre of private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) were flooded with calls. According to details available with the call centre, over 200 calls were received for water tankers on Monday. But, the NMC failed to meet the requirement. Apart from the 30-40 tankers being run daily in non-network and regularly affected areas, no additional water tankers were pressed into service.Sources told TOI that the water supply from tankers also came to a grinding halt on Monday evening due to disputes at Gorewada which resulted in the breakage of the pipe from where water is filled into the tankers.On Monday, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, office-bearers Praveen Datke, Sudhakar Kohle, Munna Yadav and others monitored the ongoing work. Wardhane told mediapersons said that the water supply would be restored by Tuesday morning.There was complete mess at the OCWL call centre and the other two numbers. A woman at the call centre said that the water supply may be normalized by 11am on Tuesday, which seems quite unlikely. OCWL employee Raju Lakde asked this scribe to get back to him in the morning as water supply through tankers was hampered due to problems at Gorewada. Another employee Vijay Gid, asked about water tankers, redirected this scribe to the call centre. Even these two OCWL staffers did not have exact data of water supplied through tankers on Monday.Dry taps and a flood of problemsWork began on SundayExpected to finish by ThursdayWhat is the work?* Reviving of two MBRs at Seminary HillsWHY: The roof of the MBRs, constructed in the 1970s, had caved in at two places and had got weakened due to chlorinization of water. The MBRs were also suffering from seepage, causing loss of hundreds of gallons of water every day. Cleaning of MBRs had not been done for many years* Creating a bypass pipeline and disconnecting the two MBRs from each otherWHY: Water from Gorewada treatment plant comes in the MBRs from where it is distributed to overhead tanks. Until now, water supply had to be closed for maintenance of MBRs. Now, a bypass is being created so that maintenance work and cleaning of MBRs in the future does not affect water supply. MBRs have been disconnected from each other so that one of them can function independently while the other is undergoing maintenance* Which areas are affected?West Nagpur: Dharampeth, Ravi Nagar, Ram Nagar, Civil Lines, Chhaoni.South-West Nagpur: Shankar Nagar, Bajaj Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Khamla, Sonegaon, Chinchbhavan, Takli Sim.Central Nagpur: Sadar, Mominpura, Mahal, RSS headquarters, Central Avenue.South Nagpur: Mhalgi Nagar, Janki Nagar, Uday Nagar, Manewada, Besa Road, Wanjari Nagar, Omkar Nagar* How many citizens hit? Over 10 lakhExpected timeline of supply restoration* Tuesday morning: water supply would be started from water treatment plants situated at Gorewada lake after completion of works at the MBRs* Tuesday noon: Water will reach MBRs and will be released into two underground service reservoirs and nine overhead tanks. But water cannot be filled in all tanks simultaneously. They will be recharged two at a time. Each tank takes between four and eight hours to fill up. Officials will decide which tanks will be filled up first* Tuesday afternoon and evening: Water supply will be restored in some areas* Wednesday and Thursday: Phase-wise restoration of supply will continue. Localities at the tail end and those situated at a high level may have to wait until Thursday* What can citizens do for help? OCWL officials have urged the citizens to contact on 24X7 helpline 1800-266-9899 and Raju Lakde (9225066591) and Vijay Gid (9225066590) for water tankers. In case you do not get satisfactory response from these avenues, you can also contact water works department executive engineer Shashikant Hastak on 9823098620Quote:Works were required to be undertaken for smooth supply in future. There would be no such problems again once the bypass work is completed. The work was planned on these two days so as to prevent from any problems during the ensuing festival season. We urge citizens to cooperate with NMC- Shyam Wardhane | civic chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442467", "title": "Rampur planetarium to be named after Aryabhatta", "text": "LUCKNOW: After changing the names of several districts and some of the projects of Mayawati government, the state government changed the name of a proposed planetarium in Rampur. Proposed to be named after Bhimrao Ambedkar during Mayawati regime, the planetarium will now be named after eminent astronomer and mathematician Aryabhatta. The planetarium will be inaugurated by UP Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Tuesday.Speaking to reporters, Senior SP leader Azam Khan said that the name has not been formalised. \"The planetarium will be named as Aryabhatta Planetarium,\" he said. Interestingly, the Council Of Science And Technology had termed the planetarium as 'Rampur planetarium'.The Akhilesh Yadav government soon after coming to power in March had changed the names of the districts and institutions, which were named by Mayawati after dalit leaders. While Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, formerly known as Amethi, was named as Gauriganj, Rambai Nagar was restored to Kanpur Dehat. The names of Bheem Nagar, Prabuddha Nagar and Panchsheel Nagar were also changed to Bahjoi, Shamli and Hapur, respectively. Similarly, names of Kanshiram Nagar, Mahamaya Nagar and JP Nagar were changed to Kasganj, Hathras and Amroha respectively.Later, the cabinet, chaired by the chief minister, also restored the name of King George's Medical University, which was changed to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University in the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime. Even Ambedkar Gram Yojana too was renamed as Ram Manohar Lohia Yojana. As if that was not enough, a park proposed in the name of Ambedkar in Lucknow was also changed to Janeshwar Mishra Park.A fuming Mayawati had then termed the move as an \"insult to dalit leaders\". The decisions, she said, were very painful and condemnable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "16443231", "title": "Chaos hits Gorakhpur as one faction calls off protest, other denies", "text": "FATEHABAD: High drama was witnessed when a group of farmers of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti announced to call off their two-year-long agitation while their breakaway group announced to continue the agitation at district headquarters, on Monday.All this happened when deputy commissioner M L Kaushik offered glasses of juice to protesting farmers headed by Hans Raj Siwach. Siwach was among those who received compensation awarded by the district administration. Balbir Nain is the new president of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti.\"We have decided to stop the agitation now and we should accept the goings-on. I feel that the nuclear power plant will allow several job opportunities to the youth,\" said ex-president Hans Raj Siwach. Deputy commissioner welcomed the move by saying that new ventures would be opened for farmers now.Balbir Nain, however, said, \"Dharna has not ended from our side. We have dropped the first president of our Samiti as his sons had accepted the compensation from the government. We will not give our land at any cost.\"After general hearing, the compensation was announced for the land of Gorakhpur, Kajalheri and Badopal where the nuclear power plant is to be built on 1,505 acres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ambala ", "code": "16443256", "title": "Ambala to host Indo-Pak mushiara after 14 years", "text": "AMBALA : 14 years after it was discontinued due to estrange relations between India and Pakistan, Ambala will once again play host to an Indo-Pak mushiara. Though the event has been resumed, only two poets from Pakistan have been able to get visa clearance this time to join the event scheduled to be held in the auditorium of the local SD College on September 23.The event holds great importance for the city as it is home to a sizeable population of people who migrated from Pakistan in 1947. \"The first mushiara was hosted in 1977 and after that it was held every year till 1998 when Pakistan put visa restrictions,\" said Shakti Rani Sharma, the trustee of Haryana Institute of Fine arts (HIFA), on Monday.Around 14 renowned Urdu poets, including Bollywood lyrist Nida Fazi, will be participating, she added.\"We have succeeded to organizing the event after much efforts. Although only two poets are coming from Pakistan, it does not matter as we hope more poet will be able to come from Pakistan in the future,'' she added.If it was visa restriction which stopped poets from Pakistan, security issues forced the authorities to shift the venue from Raina auditorium of the Army in the cantonment area to S D College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442706", "title": "Court sends in-laws to jail for woman's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad hoc additional sessions judge KL Vyas on Monday sentenced five in-laws of a woman to rigorous imprisonment for abetting her suicide. Deepa Uke, a nurse, had named the five people in her suicide note before she hanged herself at her in-laws' place at Radha Krishna Nagari locality on July 9 last year. The case was registered at MIDC police station.Deepa' father-in-law Ramchandra Uke (64) and his wife Suman (50) were sentenced three years of imprisonment, and imposed with a fine of Rs 5,000, in default of which they would be incarcerated for a further six months. Deepa's married sister-in-law Ranjana Patil too has been slapped with the same punishment.The court also held Deepa's sister-in-law 28-year-old Vaishali and her elder brother Sanjay guilty for abetment and sentenced them four years of imprisonment, Rs 4,000 fine and an additional 90 days of jail in default.The family members have also been convicted of harassment. Ramchandra, Suman and Ranjana have been sentenced two years of imprisonment, Rs 3,000 fine and in default another 90 days for torturing Deepa. Vaishali and Sanjay too have been slapped with two years of imprisonment, Rs 3,000 fine and in default another 60 days for the offence.Deepa had married Manoj Uke in December 2010 after they had got into a relationship while working at a private hospital at Dhantoli. Shortly after marriage, the family members started taunting Deepa for being overweight and cast aspersions on her character. On the day she committed suicide, Deepa had complained about the harassment to her father and cousin.Additional public prosecutor Satish P Rode said that Deepa's suicide note played a crucial role in the conviction. \"A handwriting expert deposed before the court about the authenticity of Deepa's handwritten suicide note. The note was seized by police in presence of Deepa's sister-in-law Meetu Khobragade who too deposed before the court,\" he said. Eight witnesses were examined. Additional PP Deepak Kolhe also appeared for the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444178", "title": "Teachers decry \u2018foolproof\u2019 question paper plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai University's decision to have nine sets of question papers instead of three to prevent leaks has not gone down well with teachers, some of whom have opposed the move saying it will increase their workload. The teachers also claim that the move will do little to prevent paper leaks.Madhu Paranjpe, secretary of the Bombay University and College Teachers' Union (BUCTU ), said the university did not take the teachers' consent before making the change and informed them about it only recently . \"The number of question papers has no connection with paper leaks. The university is not admitting to system failure. It needs to bring about more confidentiality in the process.\" Paranjpe added that BUCTU will oppose the move but is yet to decide the nature of its protest.Of the three sets, one each is used for March and October exams and the remaining is usually destroyed.\"Earlier, one group of three teachers would make three sets of a paper. We are planning to rope in more teachers to set nine sets of papers for each subject. This will reduce the burden on teachers,\" said the university's dean of commerce , Madhu Nair. He added the numbers of papers required for the October exam will be less as the number of students appearing is also less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16442408", "title": "Rats give hard time to Rapti Sagar Express passengers", "text": "BAHRAICH: Rats created nuisance on the Rapti Sagar Express 12511-up on Sunday. The train was going to Thiruvananthapuram from Gorakhpur. The rodents cut the wiring of the air conditioning in one of the coaches of the train and caused problem for a number of passengers, even injuring some of them and causing delay in the train's scheduled departure.On Information given by the AC coach conductor and passengers, the RPF personnel reached the train but failed to catch the rats. The passengers injured were given primary treatment at the Gonda railway station and finally the train departed. Area manager of the railway Nyaymurti told TOI that wiring in the AC coach was repaired and the train departed.But once the train left Gorakhpur, the rats appeared in the B-1 coach and bit some passengers. Passengers said, first they cut the AC wiring and then attacked several passengers. A passenger, RK Srivastava, resident of Chhapra, Bihar , travelling to Coimbatore, said the staff on the train was informed about passengers, including Rakesh, Ramesh, Imran and Seema, besides himself, getting bitten. The coach attendant informed the Basti Railway station about the incident but the station master did not take the call and the train departed from there without anyone attending to the problem. Once the train reached Gonda, a team of the railway hospital reached the AC coach and administered medical aid to the passengers injured. RPF personnel along with the railway personnel tried hard for about one and a half hour freed the coach of rats of relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442764", "title": "V S Achuthanandan to visit Kudankulam site today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Veteran CPI(M) leader V S Achuthanandan will visit the site of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant on Tuesday to express solidarity with the protesters.Achuthanandan, who has supported the protest against the KNPP, has said atomic plants were \"very dangerous\". CPI(M) had, however, stated that the demand for closure of the plant was neither practical nor would serve the country's interests as all works had been completed by spending Rs 15,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443715", "title": "Lokayukta headless for a year now, public loses hope", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Lokayukta, a model institution for other states, has been headless for a year now -- thanks to the BJP government's disinclination to fill the post due to political reasons.The number of complaints filed by a hopeful public has dwindled - officialdom, of course, is happy.It was on September 19, 2011, that former Supreme Court judge Justice Shivaraj Patil resigned in the wake of allegations that he had been allotted land in violation of rules. Ever since, two chief ministers have pushed the appointment issue under the carpet and now, with the matter in court, the administration is waiting for the verdict.The Supreme Court is hearing a special leave petition (SLP) filed by the state government on the high court quashing the appointment of Upa Lokayukta Justice Chandrashekaraiah. The government filed a memo in court that the Lokayukta's appointment will depend on the SLP's outcome, to which the apex court agreed.Prior to the matter going to court after the Upa Lokayukta's appointment was quashed by the high court in April 2012, former CM DV Sadananda Gowda adopted delaying tactics. He emulated his predecessor BS Yeddyurappa by writing to the leader of the opposition and others to suggest names, even as they asked for a meeting. When Jagadish Shettar took over, the matter was at the threshold of the judiciary.\"This was only to buy time because when the BJP government could appoint Justice Hegde's successor even before the latter completed his tenure, the same interest could have been shown later too,'' sources said.The post of Lokayukta has remained vacant after Justice Shivaraj Patil, who succeeded Justice Santosh N Hegde, quit under a cloud. After his exit, the BJP government recommended the name of former Kerala High Court Chief Justice SR Bannurmath, but governor HR Bhardwaj declined to accept his name.The headless institution is keeping the public away. During Justice Hegde's tenure, an average of 25 cases a month would be filed under the Karnataka Lokayukta Act, 1984, and the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. Now, the average is said to be 5-10 cases a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443210", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalayas in Goa postpones Sept 20 exam", "text": "Kendriya Vidyalaya authorities have decided to postpone the SA-12 examination scheduled for September 20 to September 24 on account of the proposed Bharat bandh. As such, all the Kendriya Vidyalayas in Goa will conduct the SA-1 examinations scheduled for September 20 on September 24. All other exams will be held as per schedule.Implement new telecom policy, demands activist:Savio Dias, a social activist from Margao, has written to the state chief secretary urging him to take immediate steps for the implementation of a new regulatory policy and guidelines issued by the department of telecom, government of India, in the state. Dias has pointed out that as per the regulatory policy which has come into effect from September 1, \"The radiation standards of cell/mobile towers must be reduced to one-tenth of the present limit or else the mobile company be fined Rs 5 lakh per tower.\" He said that \"the department of telecommunications has released guidelines to state governments so that some consistency gets evolved on setting up of cell phone towers.\" Dias has further also drawn the attention of the chief secretary over alleged power thefts by cell phone/mobile towers. \"A mobile tower in Margao was sanctioned a power load of 4,000W for lighting purpose; (but) was found to be using a connected power load of 46,000W. ... After a RTI report, the electricity department in Margao issued notices to several cell phone towers for permanent disconnection of their temporary connections. Temporary connections are for a short period, but cell phone towers continued to use the same for eight to 10 years period. Some illegal cell phone towers have obtained power connection by swearing an undertaking to the electricity department, and the same should be scrutinized and stopped,\" Dias stated.Tony Dias elected chief of Clube Nacional: At a recently general body meeting, Tony Dias was elected president of Clube Nacional, Panaji , for the term 2012-13. The other members of the committee are Francisco A Noronha (vice-president), Thomas Machado (secretary), Savio Aquino (treasurer), Arleto Campos (joint secretary), Mario Ursula De Sousa, Domnic Cabral, Tony Fernandes and Aaron Teles (all members). Joseph Vaz is the chairman and Chetan Dessai is the secretary of the general assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442144", "title": "On-the-spot fine for wrong parking", "text": "LUDHIANA: Resuming its tow-away drive on reckless parking of four and two-wheelers on city roads, the traffic police in Ludhiana has now introduced on-the-spot penalty in the towing compounds of traffic police for the violators.Previously, the traffic polices' move to suspend its tow-away drive had led to chaos on city roads. Haphazardly parked cars and two-wheelers were a common sight in busy areas of Ferozepur Road, Pakhowal Road, Mall Road, Ghumar Mandi and other areas.Meanwhile, city residents, who were happy with the \"streamlined\" traffic flow due to the tow-away drive, started expressing opposition to the polices' move to suspend it.ACP (traffic) Swapan Sharma said, \"Following repeated appeals from city residents, we have decided to resume the tow-away drive with on-the-spot penalty in the police towing compounds for violators. As far as complaints regarding damage of vehicles from the recovery vans is concerned, at present we are using the same vans but have decided to procure hydraulic and sophisticated recovery vans.\"Providing information about the hi tech hydraulic vans, ACP said, \"The sophisticated hydraulic vans would have CCTV cameras, public addressing system and global positioning system (GPS). We are in the process of procuring these.\" Sharma added that an employee of recovery van company would always be present in the towing compound at division no. 7 police station, Sarabha Nagar and Police Lines in case any violator feels that his vehicle has been damaged by the recovery van.Meanwhile, city residents are happy to have some order back on roads. Harvinder Singh, a resident of Pakhowal Road, said, \"People will again become over conscious about parking of vehicles since recovery vans will move around in the city throughout the day. Even for violators, the facility to pay penalty on-the-spot would be hassle-free.\"Apart from towing campaign, traffic cops have also issued a set of new strict guideline for auto rickshaw drivers. These include guidelines stating that no additional seat along with driver seat in autos will be allowed and overloading will be challaned. ACP Sharma said, \"We have challaned 1,373 auto rickshaw in 15 days for traffic violations, with majority of them challaned for overloading. Apart from these, we have impounded 500 autos which were running on city roads without any proper documentation.\" He added that repeated violators would face cancellation of challan.Harish Kumar of BRS Nagar said, \"Following the drive against autos, traffic on city roads has considerably improved. If such drives continue very soon our city will have manageable traffic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441404", "title": "6 Airports Authority of India officers sacked for graft in ground handling contract", "text": "CHENNAI: Union minister of civil aviation Ajit Singh has ordered an immediate suspension and initiation of major penalty proceedings against six senior officers of the Airports Authority of India after a CBI inquiry found that these officials had committed irregularities and favoured Bhadra International to award ground handling contracts at airports in Chennai and Kolkata.The ministry has suggested cancelling the contract given to Bhadra and recover the dues.Ajit Singh has ordered action to be taken against AAI officials L L Krishnan, executive director (commercial), R L Saran, DGM (finance), S Basu, additional GM (commercial), Arun Mehan, DGM (operations), P K Chadha, DGM (operations) and Ravi Verma, GM, said an official statement.The minister also ordered filing of the first information report (FIR) against Prem Bajaj, managing director of Bhadra, and two former officers of AAI - R V Narayanan, retired executive director (Commercial), A K Dubey, retired executive director (finance), and others for manipulation, forgery, criminal breach of trust, criminal conspiracy and corruption under the IPC and the Prevention of Corruption Act.The CBI conducted a preliminary inquiry into the ground handling contracts given to Bhadra and found that that some officers of the AAI made deviations from the commercial manual in the notice inviting tender (NIT) to make Bhadra International eligible to take part in the bid.An internal investigation found that the justification presented by the officers was found to be misleading. \"The inquiry further found that the financial bid of the consortium of Bhadra International and Novia International was tampered with, after opening of the tender by modifying the rate of royalty payable to AAI by the consortium so that it became greater than the quotes of other two competing companies and the consortium could win the contract,\" said the statement.Further, Bhadra International or Novia International did not have minimum experience of five years in ground handling as required in tender conditions.The experience and turnover of the entire Novia Group of Companies was considered by the AAI officials to award the contract in violation of tender conditions, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442578", "title": "Taj Mansingh may continue till bidding", "text": "NEW DELHI: With hardly a month left for Taj Mansingh Hotel's lease to expire, sources say, New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) is likely to extend its tenure till the bidding process is complete. Though the consultant for the project \u2014 Ernst &amp; Young \u2014 has submitted its report, it is yet to be tabled before the council. Sources say the bidding process can be initiated only after the council's approval, but time is running out \u2014 the lease expires on October 10. It was given an extension last year.The lease deed needs to be renewed or extended before its expiry date. \"If commercial activity continues after the expiry of the lease deed, the property will be considered illegal, as per rules. The entire process has got delayed. The report submitted by Ernst &amp; Young has not yet been shared with council members. Now, the civic agency will have to extend the lease deed till a final decision is taken in the matter,\" said Karan Singh Tanwar, MLA and NDMC council member. The next council meeting is slated for September 27.Sources say that if NDMC goes for an open bidding process, it will take at least 45 to 60 days to finalize the bid. \"It is a long-winded process. The matter will first be tabled in the council meeting. Once approved, NDMC will invite bids for the property. We have to give companies sufficient time to submit their bids. The first right of refusal will be given to IHC, since the hotel is managed by it. If it submits the lowest bid or agrees to work at the lowest rate quoted by the bidders, then we will renew IHC's contract,\" said a source.NDMC chairperson Archna Arora said, \"The consultant has submitted the report. But we haven't taken a final decision in this regard.\" With less time in hand, sources say, NDMC is left with no option but to \"extend the lease till the bidding process is complete\".At present, NDMC gets 10.5% of the gross receipts or 15% of NDMC's investments in the hotel building (Rs 6.26 crore), whichever is higher, along with Rs 12 lakh as house tax and a ground rent of Rs 2.29 lakh per annum. Last year the civic agency had almost decided to renew the contract with IHC. As per the proposal prepared by NDMC last year, the minimum licence fee for the first 10 years was set at Rs 21 crore and IHC was expected to pay 17.25% of gross turnover annually to NDMC in the first 10 years. For next 10 years, the company had to pay 18.25% of gross turnover with Rs 25 crore as minimum licence fee. And in the last 10 years, IHC had to shell out 19.25% of gross turnover with Rs 30 crore as minimum licence fee. But before the new terms and conditions could be discussed with IHC, the urban development ministry suggested NDMC to invite open bids.An NDMC official said, IHC paid the licence fee for the extended period as per the revised rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442760", "title": "Road soon along Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border to check Naxals: Patil", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra home minister and guardian minister of Gadchiroli district RR Patil has said efforts were on to ensure border with Chhattisgarh was under tighter vigil to check Naxal activities. Patil was in city on Monday to attend a private function at Deshpande Hall.Patil said the central government had already sanctioned a road along the Maharashtra-Chhattisgarh border. He also added that additional battalions of paramilitary forces had been asked for. Apart from the requirement in Naxal-affected districts, Patil said additional central forces had been requisitioned for the forthcoming Ganeshotsav. Patil also urged the BJP and other opposition parties to withdraw their Sept 20 bandh call and undertake democratic ways of protest like submitting memorandum and demonstration rather than enforcing a general strike.Reacting to a TOI query Gadchiroli was names as one of the three most Naxal-affected districts in the country, Patil said state had succeeded in blunting the movement in other districts like Nanded, Yavatmal, Chandrapur and Bhandara. \"Gadchiroli and Gondia have borders with the highly-affected states like Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh and that adds to the problems. We are now taking initiatives to step up vigilance along state borders,\" he said.Patil also inaugurated a special jacket for members of the TV media at Ravi Bhavan in presence of senior police officials like city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and Range IG Rajender Singh. He also assured no innocent would be victimized in the name of police action. \"The security agencies are already engaged in operations but we also need development. Central government is supporting us in the developmental activities,\" said Patil who said inquiry could be instituted on allegations of a girl being detained by the Central Reserve Police Force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441803", "title": "Company official robbed of Rs 27L", "text": "PUNE: A gang of four people threw chilli powder at an employee of a private company and robbed him of Rs 26.95 lakh near the Pune Municipal Corporation building on Monday.The victim, Sanjay Ambadas More of Ramtekdi, is working for Radiant cash management services private limited, which is in the business of cash pick-up and delivery.Additional commissioner of police Chandrashekhar Daithankar told TOI that the incident took place around 12.45 pm, when More was on his way to deposit the cash in a bank on FC Road. He had collected Rs 26.95 lakh from a trader's office at Market Yard and in Ganesh Peth.\"When More crossed the Dengle bridge and took a left turn towards Rani Laxmibai chowk on JM Road, a motorcycle dashed his bike. More fell on the road. There were two persons on the motorcycle. Soon two more persons reached the spot on another motorcycle. One of the robbers hurled chilli powder into More's eyes and snatched the bag containing cash. All the robbers fled in the direction of the PMC building,\" Daithankar said.\"Someone informed the police control room and senior inspector Pandharinath Patil of Shivajianagar police station reached the spot.\" We have sent More to Sassoon general hospital for treatment,\" Daithankar said.The police have immediately conducted 'nakabandi' in the city to trace the suspects, Daithankar said. \"We are also checking the CCTVs in the area,\" he added.Deputy commissioner of police (Zone-I) Makarand Ranade said that More was working with Radiant cash management services for one year. \"He handles two to three customers everyday,\" Ranade added.According to Mayur Phadtare, an executive official of Radiant cash management services, the company's head office is in Chennai. \"The Pune office is at Mohammedwadi. The company collects and delivers cash from traders and other business establishments in the city,\" Phadtare said.This was the second such incident for the company in Maharashtra. Earlier, Rs 5 lakh was stolen in Bhandara. The case was later solved by the police, Phadtare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "16443013", "title": "Another accident in Sivakasi fireworks shed; none injured", "text": "SIVAKASI: Close on the heels of the Mudalipatti accident near Sivakasi that claimed 39 lives, another fire mishap in a lorry shed where fireworks were stocked, rocked the town on Monday evening.The incident occurred when the workers were handling fireworks in Muthupriya lorry shed in heart of the town on Muslim Pykka street. The lorry shed was allegedly being illegally used to store fireworks before they were despatched to other places. Since quantity of fireworks kept in the shed was low, there were no loss of lives nor any injuries reported.Assistant divisional fire officer, M Manikandan said the damage was less since not many fireworks were stored in the shed. \"There wasn't much fireworks materials stored. Hence there were not much damage to the building or surrounding properties. We brought two vehicles from Sivakasi and another two vehicles from Virudhunagar and Srivilliputhur were also summoned as back up. The fire has been controlled and the situation is under control\", he said.Fire and rescue personnel said that after the Mudalipatti incident, people are now aware of the dangers. Many of them had fled their houses when the fire started. As the lorry shed was situated in a residential area, it caused panic among the public, they said.Sivakasi RDO, S G Rangan said that the situation was brought under control quickly and there were no deaths or injuries. The lorry shed was not supposed to handle the fireworks in a residential area which is a violation, he said. \"We are taking steps to arrest the lorry shed owner for the violation\", he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443410", "title": "School education department to probe Shivani suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: The school education department will conduct a probe into the suicide by class X student who hanged herself after allegedly being slighted at school by the teacher.District education officer (DEO) C M Upadhyay said, \"A team would be sent to G B Convent Higher Secondary School on Tuesday to inspect what led to the suicide of the student.\"The deceased Shivani, student of class X and the daughter of Hriday Narayan Tomar committed suicide on September 14 by hanging self at her residence in Rajendra Nagar.Shivani had appeared in terminal exams on Thursday and was disturbed after she returned home from school as teachers charged her with cheating in the exam and threatened to rusticate her for three years, the police said. A teacher allegedly tore off her answer-sheet during examination.Shocked over the treatment, Shivani came back home with her younger sister, Nikita , a student in the same school and committed suicide, Tomar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16441830", "title": "Free jailed Bhatta farmers: Villagers", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: About 100-odd villagers, mostly women and senior citizens in Bhatta village have been staging a sit-in dharna since Friday to press for the release of farmers jailed following last year's clash with the administration. Some farmers have also written to the state government seeking its intervention and have threatened to intensify their agitation in the next couple of days.Meanwhile, accompanied by Nutan Tewatia, wife of jailed farmer leader Manveer Tewatia, the villagers will meet the Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate on Tuesday. \"The administration has refused to hear us out so far. While innocent farmers have been languishing in jail for over a year now, the state government has done little to secure their release. We have scheduled a meeting with the DM to understand what the government has planned to help these farmers,\" Nutan Tewatia said.The villagers have refused to budge until the administration intervenes and ensures early release of the jailed farmers. At least nine farmers, including Manvir Singh Tewatia, who allegedly spearheaded the May 6, 2011 protest, are in jail since the same month last year. While the DM or any senior official of the district administration is yet to visit the site, the Dankaur police visited Bhatta village on Monday morning to pacify the protestors.While securing the release of the jailed farmers was one of the promises made by the Samajwadi Party to the villagers before the state elections, in May this year chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had reiterated in front of a delegation of farmers that criminal cases lodged against their relatives would be withdrawn soon.Meanwhile, the farmers' organization Dehat Morcha has written to SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav , requesting his intervention in the release of the farmers.\"We want to remind the government of its promise made before the polls. Villagers, including women and children, have been protesting for four days now but neither the administration nor the state government has reached out to them. We have decided to join in and intensify the protest over the next couple of days,\" said Ram Chandra Jain, general secretary, Dehat Morcha.The police, however, claim to be in control of the situation. \"The villagers are aware that the matter of the release of the farmers is already under the consideration of the state government. Such matters take some time,\" said Ashok Kumar , SP (Rural). \"I visited the site on Monday and told the villagers the same thing. We hope to pacify the villagers soon. However, we are monitoring the whole thing closely and everything is under control,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16442971", "title": "Salman Rushdie ups ante, says there's need for blasphemy", "text": "LONDON: The combative and unapologetic Salman Rushdie is back. Asked by UK's The Guardian daily if he would be more critical of Islam if he were to redraft his 1989 book 'The Satanic Verses' - for which Iran's then supreme leader Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa to kill him - Rushdie said, \"Definitely. Oh yes.\"In his just-released memoirs, Joseph Anton - the pseudonym he adopted when he went into hiding for 13 years following the fatwa - the Indian-born author said there is a need for blasphemy. \"The writers of the French enlightenment had deliberately used blasphemy as a weapon, refusing to accept the power of the Church to set limiting points on thought,\" he said.Rushdie - known to be a non-believer - was \"physically sick\" after writing in Britain's The Times newspaper that he was Muslim. On Monday, he clarified he is \"a profoundly irreligious man\".In 1990, at the behest of six Muslim scholars, Rushdie signed a paper saying that in his 'The Satanic Verses' he had intended no offence to Islam and re-embraced the religion. Later, in a piece in The Times he said, \"I am certainly not a good Muslim. But I am able now to say that I am Muslim; in fact it is a source of happiness to say that I am now inside, and a part of the community whose values have always been closest to my heart.\"Rushdie said in his book that the West is partly responsible for the rise of Islamic fundamentalism.\"The West was involved in toppling the Mossadegh government. That ultimately led to the Iranian revolution,\" he said.He added, \"To place the House of Saud on the Throne that Sits Over the Oil might well look like the greatest foreign policy error of the Western powers, because the Sauds had used their unlimited oil wealth to build schools (madrassas) to propagate the extremist, puritanical ideology of their beloved (and previously marginal) Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab, and as a result Wahhabism had grown from its tiny cult origins to overrun the Arab world. Its rise gave confidence and energy to other Islamic extremists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16443194", "title": "Spices Board sets up training centre", "text": "KOCHI: The Spices Board has set up a collaborative training centre for food safety and supply chain management, in association with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and the US Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). The centre will help ensure the quality of spices exported from the country.Spices Board chairman Dr A Jayathilak inaugurated the phase one of the centre in Kochi on Monday. \"It is the culmination of the decision taken at the World Spice Congress held in Pune in February this year,\" he said.The centre will facilitate capacity building and developing product specific testing procedures in the sector of spices and botanical ingredients. Jubilant Bhartia Food and Agriculture Centre of Excellence (CII-FACE) and The Joint Institute for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition (JIFSAN) will collaborate with the Board for the further development of the centre. JIFSAN is an institute set up jointly by the US food and medicine safety watchdog and the University of Maryland .Dr Jayathilak has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Sujith Haridas, regional head for south, CII, Indrani Ghose, principal counsellor, CII, and James Wayne Rushing, manager for international training programme, JIFSAN.Delegates from various parts of the world will lead deliberations in a five-day training programme in Kochi. In the second phase of the programme, selected delegates will get two weeks' training in the US. In phase three, participants would get involved in a series of workshop and training programmes in different regions of India.The new training centre would strengthen the supply chain management for both domestic and international trade through providing technical support to organizations through training, information sharing and technical consultancy. The centre will help organizations to upgrade their manufacturing and processing facilities, quality control assurance system. It will also help them upgrade their hygiene and food safety management system, said a release from the Spices Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443828", "title": "Citizens suffer as two civic bodies don\u2019t talk to each other", "text": "When two civic bodies don't talk to each other about their plans, citizens suffer. That's exactly what's happening to residents of many former gram panchayats who've been left in the lurch now after having hopes of getting Cauvery water through the Stage IV Phase II project. BBMP and BWSSB didn't coordinate with each on this project while going about their expansion plans and just when trial runs are set to begin, these residents find they've been short-changed. It's high time civic agencies work better to ensure they're on the same page when it comes to project execution.Related story:  Many BBMP areas not to get Cauvery water", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442603", "title": "Cars invade bus, cycle lanes on BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday started stressfully on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor as vehicles crawled at its various junctions. Desperate commuters violated the high court order on restoration of bus lanes as they tried to avoid getting stranded. Enough traffic marshals were deployed at every junction, but cars still drove in the bus lanes. Many cars and two-wheelers were also seen in cycle lanes and on footpaths.Although commuters had anticipated massive traffic jams during the Monday peak hour, it was not so bad. \"There were minor jams. We will know how it's working only after a few days,\" said Diya Seth, a teacher who takes the route every day.But some still thought traffic on the corridor was worse than usual. \"My car has crawled for at least 10 minutes. With mixed traffic, you can at least cover up for the delay,\" said Rajeev Gaur, a businessman.At least two traffic marshals were seen at every junction of the BRT corridor. \"We have seven marshals here at the Chirag Delhi junction. There have been no major traffic jams today. We are stopping cars violating the new order to tell drivers that bus lanes are now reserved only for buses,\" said Sanjeev Kumar, a traffic marshal.But a lot of vehicles continued to use the bus lanes unknowingly. \"I did not know about the high court order. The traffic marshals also did not stop me,\" said Manish, a businessman.Some two-wheeler riders, however, felt the BRT arrangement was safer than having mixed traffic in all lanes. \"The mixed traffic system was very accident-prone. Now, traffic does slow down but I feel it's more sorted than having all kinds of vehicles use the bus lanes,\" said Shane D'Cruz.A spokesperson for traffic planner DIMTS said there were no major issues on Monday. \"The only minor problem that people faced was a short stretch of broken road. This stretch in front of Delhi Jal Board was closed for the last four days. That problem will be resolved by tomorrow\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442002", "title": "One more week to pull down next block of nine-storey building", "text": "JAIPUR: It will take at least a week to pull down the nine-storey structure of B block of Mansarovar Heritage Inn at Amanishah Nullah, officials indicated on Monday.Due to more complexities in the construction in B block, the officials decided to implode the building in two blasts. To ensure a flawless demolition, the expert team sought more time from JDA officials to carry out the operation. \"Though only six metres of the block is to be demolished, some 2-3 metres is falling in the proposed lift area. So some extra precaution needs to be taken and we have requested some more time which JDA officials agreed,\" said SB Sarwate, the expert who is heading the operation.However, due to technicalities, officials have given the developer some concession of 1.5 metre in the lift area but took 2.5 metre extra in the back portion. \"To ensure the vertical fall of the building, we need to cut the structure in square or rectangular shape. However, we noticed that if it touches the lift portion and break, it will take curve shape. This will make the task more difficult,\" added Sarwate.Another challenge before the team is that the B block has more beams than E block, which was demolished on Sunday. This will need more working hours to drill holes and explosives to implode. The JDA has started its work on the structure and manual demolition of 12 feet portion is under way. Once the cutting portion is completed, expert team will taken another day for the final finishing. Both the blast will be conducted on different days to ensure safety of other structures.Block B will be the last building to be demolished through blast. Rest of the demolition JDA will do manually. However, the authorities after getting positive results are open to use the technology in their further demolition drives. \"We are surveying and identifying the encroached building where we may face difficulties in leveling. Our commitment with the expert was for two buildings but if necessity occurs, we will surely seek help,\" said the JDA official.On Monday, the demolition exercise was slowed down due to Vishwakarma Jayanti. But buoyed by the success of Sunday JDA continued minor demolitions after performing puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442527", "title": "Post-mortem draws blank, toxin test holds key", "text": "MUMBAI: Two and a half months after his mysterious death, the remains of Rameez Chougle were exhumed at the Versova burial ground on Monday and sent for tests, raising hope for progress in the investigation into the deaths of the Chougle siblings, possibly of pesticide poisoning.The corpse of the 26-year-old homoeopath was disinterred shortly before noon - described as \"whole and in good condition\" by the cemetery authorities, who apply a \"masala\" to all bodies to mask odour- and taken to JJ Hospital for autopsy. It was not reburied till late in the night.Sources at JJ Hospital said the post-mortem did not throw much light on the circumstances that killed Rameez. Describing the cadaver as badly decomposed, they said it did not help the examiners make out any changes in the body, like texture and colour of skin, size or look of organs, etc. The procedure was videographed as is done in most controversial cases now.\"In cases of poisoning, there are little traces that remain after such a long gap. The only hope now is the chemical analysis that will reveal the kind of poison, if any, that was used and its levels,\" said one of the forensic experts who carried out the post-mortem.Rameez's death on July 4 after two hours of vomiting and diarrhoea in his Versova house that had been treated for bed bugs a day before was certified as natural 'due to gastroenteritis and severe dehydration' by the family doctor. Though his elder sister Rehab was also exhibiting similar symptoms, the police, when they were alerted, did not ask for a post-mortem on Rameez.The 27-year-old Rehab, a well-known blogger, died 44 hours later in hospital. Her stomach wash proved she had died of phosphine poisoning caused by deadly pesticide aluminum phosphide.The siblings' father, Gayasuddin Chougle, unaccompanied by his wife Farzana or other friends from their Versova locality, arrived at the Yari Road cemetery before 8am and was seen reading from the Quran. A little over two hours later, police and medical teams arrived. Around 12.10pm, Rameez's body was taken by an ambulance to JJ Hospital.Mediapersons were not allowed into the cemetery during the exhumation. Senior police inspector Sharad Borse of Versova and the investigating officer declined comment.The exhumation was carried out by the cemetery diggers under the supervision of doctors from the local ward as well as JJ Hospital. The Andheri tehsildar prepared a panchnama and videographed the procedure.No rituals were performed either before or after the exhumation. \"The namaz-e-janaza or funeral prayer is recited only once when a fresh corpse arrives at the burial ground. We do not repeat the routine,\" said a cemetery official.(With inputs by Sumitra Deb Roy)Times View: Finish probe with all angles coveredThe Versova case is an example of how the probe into any unnatural death should not be handled. The frequent flipflops , the police's initial refusal to question the key witnesses, the mother leaving the country and, most importantly, the decision not to preserve the viscera of the victims are all difficult to explain. The probe into the twin deaths must now be completed with urgency without any scope for unanswered questions.The Chougles (including the deceased siblings) and their friends and neighbours , who have been friends in need, deserve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16444278", "title": "Self-pouring cup for \u2018super lazy\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Ever wondered just how much energy you could save in a day if you didn't have to stir your cup of tea or pull up your socks in the morning?A range of bizarre gadgets from a self-stirring cup of tea to an automatic banana peeler have been launched in the US market keeping the 'super-idle' in mind.From refrigerators that pour your beer for you, to slippers that mop the floor as you walk inventors seem to be catering to the 'super-lazy' . Men who want to flaunt six-pack abs without hitting the gym can just fake it with an odd metal contraption , designed to be worn under the shirt to push flab through in a grid pattern , the 'Daily Mail' reported. For ice cream lovers, mechanical cones twist ice cream to save on drips, while a tea bag dunker protects the wrists from repetitive strain injury. The lazy book lovers would delight at an automatic book reading chair that puts the reader at the perfect angle to read the book without having to hold it. The products also include a bed that makes itself and a foot-dressing device that pulls on your socks for you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16443346", "title": "Himachal Pradesh govt, Roerich centre hold stock-taking meet", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh government and International Centre of Roerich, Moscow, on Monday signed an act of transfer of stock and inventory with respect to heritage items lying with the International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT), at Shimla.The document was signed by Rakesh Kanwar, director, language, art and culture department, and member secretary, executive committee, IRMT; Amitabh Awasthi; Kullu deputy commissioner; O C Handa, IRMT curator from the Indian side; and Sergey Karmalito, senior counsellor, embassy of the Russian Federation and Dmitry Chelyshev, counsellor (culture), embassy of the Russian Federation in India.In all, 8,126 units have been documented including 37 paintings by N K Roerichs, 12 paintings by S N Roerichs, 1,586 units of memorial objects, 1,736 books and journals and 3,070 units of herbarium collections. The detailed inventory in nine parts was presented by the team members before the executive committee, which was appreciated by all.It was decided to have full time administrator in IRMT, Naggar, Kullu. O C Handa, IRMT curator from the Indian side, was recommended for approval of the president of \"board of trustees\". Larisa Surgina was also recommended for appointment as curator from the Russian side. The Indian curator was advised to start work of repairs of buildings in the vicinity of IRMT, Naggar.Kullu DC was also directed to provide assistance in getting the orchards revived with the help of the horticulture department. It was also decided that the draft MoU for further mutual cooperation will also be discussed/signed between ICR, Moscow and IRMT, Naggar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nizamabad/warangal", "code": "16441438", "title": "Violence mars \u2018Liberation Day\u2019", "text": "NIZAMABAD/WARANGAL: The Telangana region celebrated the 'Liberation Day' on Monday amid tension as pro-Telangana activists clashed with police at several places. Cops resorted to lathicharge in Warangal, Nizamabad, Karimnagar, Khammam and other towns to disperse the protesters who tried to hoist the tricolour demanding that the state declare September 17 as 'Telangana Liberation Day'.Police foiled BJP activists' bid to take out a rally towards the police parade grounds in Nizamabad to hoist the tricolour. The main road from NTR chowrasta to Railway Khaman was closed to prevent the T-activists from entering the area. The closure of the road leading to Armoor caused severe inconvenience to commuters.Some Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha ( BJYM) activists succeeded in hoisting the flag atop the district collector's office in the morning, while pro-Telangana sympathisers unfurled the tricolour at the Yellareddy tehsildar office.BJP national spokesperson T Rajeshwar Rao and former MLA M Dharmarao led a massive procession in Hanamkonda, which turned violent when they tried to force their way into the police headquarters. The BJP and ABVP activists were lathicharged. Ten workers were injured in the melee. Advocates boycotted duties and took out a motorcycle rally from the court premises to Ambedkar junction in Hanamkonda. PDSU students tried to lay a siege to the collector's office in Warangal but police foiled their bid and arrested them at Subedari area.Police arrested activists of Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad and BJP near Karimnagar police headquarters when they tried to hoist the national flag on the SP office building.Meanwhile, former minister Konda Surekha, her husband Konda Murali along with thousands of their supporters took out a mock funeral procession of TRS leader K Chandrasekhar Rao in Geesukonda in Warangal district on Monday and later buried his effigy on the outskirts of the village.Surekha lambasted KCR for failing to keep his promise of achieving a separate Telangana state by September-end.\"We leave it to his conscience as to whether he would be a martyr like Gandhi or end up as a traitor of Telangana,\" she said while addressing the huge gathering during the 'shava yatra' (funeral procession) of KCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443577", "title": "How young Mani climbed to the top", "text": "BANGALORE: Dusting off bits of claylike incense she's been rolling on a stick all day with her seasoned hands, agarbatthi unit worker Usharani leads visitors towards her house in Swatantranagar. \"This is where my son was born,\" she says, pointing to a dimly-lit single room in a modest area close to Sriramapuram which she has called home for decades.Usharani is not ashamed of the structure, barely enough for one, and more of a storage unit for the family now. \"This is where my champion Mani rose from.\"Struck down by polio in his right leg as a child, Usharani's son Manikandan Kumar rose indeed. Manikandan, 26, conquered the world when he won the men's para climbing event (Arthritis and Neurological Physical Disability category) at the World Sport Climbing Championships held in Palais de Bercy, Paris, recently. The youngster defied fate, which has given him slim chances throughout, to emerge from the grip of a difficult life and make a name for himself internationally.Mani and his family \u2014 carpenter father Kumar, mother Usharani and brothers Vinayaka, 24, and Muruga, 21 - lived in this house until space became an issue. \"All of us couldn't live there anymore, so we rented another one,\" says Vinayaka, pointing to a room slightly bigger than the 15 sqft one, on the other side of the street. \"We pay Rs 1,500 as rent. Space and the fact that climbing was his passion , were the reasons Mani moved out,\" Muruga adds. Mani, who stays in a small room at Sree Kanteerava Stadium, bunks and visits with friends from time to time to hand over part of whatever he's saved.For Mani's family, his achievement was initially just another event. \"We don't follow his activities but we heard about his success and are very proud of him,\" says Muruga, who's been a tour guide for two days now, leading reporters to their home.Mani was mentored by Indian Mountaineering Foundation chairman Keerthi Pais up to 2009. In 2006, he became a trainer for Pais' team \u2014 Outback India \u2014 and mentored climbers like Chea Marak and Bharath Pereira, who went on to achieve success.\"We hope the government takes note of his achievements,\" says Mani's mother. \"It would be nice if he gets a government job,\" says Usharani, who earns Rs 25-30 for every ,1000 agarbatthis she rolls.'Honour to be the first'For Manikandan Kumar, his Paris gold is the culmination of years of training and hard work to overcome his disability.\"This win is everything for me because it was my dream to win a medal at an international competition ,\" Manikandan told TOI via email from France. \"I've been waiting for this chance for 10 years and made sure I won for the country, which has never seen a gold medal at the world championship level. It's a great honour to be the first,\" Mani, who is expected back in Bangalore on Wednesday , said.\"Now, I will train harder to win more world championship medals. I dedicate this win to all climbers in India, my students and their parents who care about me,\" said Mani, who hasn't allowed the deformity in his right leg to hinder him.The International Federation for Sport Climbing organizes the World Climbing Championships every year as part of the World Cup circuit. Para climbing was introduced only last year and the Paris event was the first time Mani was competing internationally. Mani scaled the 15-metre wall for his gold ahead of Brazilian Raphale Mishimura and Frenchman Mathieu Besnard. Apart from his supportive family , Mani had an able ally throughout \u2014 self-belief . \"I've faced a lot of challenges and overcome them all. never stopped believing in myself. knew that if given a chance in an international competition, I would definitely win,\" he said. Mani has to use his hand to support his right leg and keep it in position before moving up the climbing route. \"I never felt bad about my disability and I don't think about it. I just kept climbing and my condition only improved after I started nearly 10 years ago,\" he said, adding that he began competing with able athletes and managed to do just as well as them. \"It was difficult to cope financially because my family is not that well off. I reached this level through hard work and God's blessings,\" he said.Currently an independent coach , Mani plans to build his own climbing wall in Bangalore and is looking for sponsors. \"I want to train youngsters to compete in world championships,\" he said.Asked if Manikandan would be rewarded, director of youth services and sports NK Baldev Krishna said: \"We will submit a report on Manikandan to the state government, which may take a call soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443267", "title": "Job aspirants call off dharna after meeting with CM", "text": "PANAJI: The job aspirants who were on a dharna at Azad Maidan called off their two-week-long strike a day before Ganesh Chaturthi.A delegation of the youth met chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Monday at a meeting arranged by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai. The job aspirants were on a dharna as they had received appointment letters under the previous Congress-led government just before the implementation of the election code of conduct from December 24, 2011, but were not being accepted into service by the new BJP government.The youth said Parrikar told the delegation that he will try to accommodate those who were participating in the dharna into government service in six months.Around 200-odd job aspirants from the mines department, animal husbandry department and education department participated in the dharna. Job aspirants from the health department were also initially part of the dharna. Some of the youth were even admitted to hospital following health-related complaints during the strike.The youth were supported by the Congress party, whose leaders were present on the first day of the Azad Maidan protest before the dharna began.One of the youth said the chief minister has called them for a meeting on September 26, and asked them to submit a list of those youth who had participated in the dharna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16445799", "title": "Devadasan Bhattathiripad is the new head priest in Guruvayur temple", "text": "THRISSUR: Devadasan Bhattathiripad of Chekoor Mana at Noorany in Palakkad district has been selected as the new melsanthi of the Guruvayur Sree Krishna Temple through a draw of lots held in front of the temple.Guruvayur Devaswom authorities said the 54-year-old Devadasan Bhattathiripad is an employee of Dhanlaxmi Bank Parali branch and will resume the charge at temple after the athaazha puja (night puja) to be performed on September 31. Devadasan will observe a 12-day bhajan at the temple before resuming the duty of which the term will be for six months from October 1 to March 31, 2012.This is the first time that Devadasan Bhattathiripad is becoming melsanthi of Guruvayur temple. However, his father late Chekoor Vasudevan Bhattathiripad has served as melsanthi for six times at Guruvayur temple.Devaswom authorities informed that in all, 55 priests applied for the post, of whom 49 cleared the final interview. The selection of melsanthi was done by draw at the namaskara mandapam of the temple after performing uchcha pooja. Outgoing Melsanthi Sumesh Namboothiri drew the lot in the presence of tanthri Chennas Vasudevan Namboodiripad, Guruvayur Devaswom Chairman TV Chandramohan, devaswom members and others.The tenure of the present melsanthi will be over on September 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441781", "title": "NGOs seek copy of draft Development Plan", "text": "PUNE: Various city NGOs and civic activists have sought a copy of the draft Development Plan (DP) for old city areas from the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Activists, deprived of copies, have accused the civic administration of being \"secretive\" about the DP, while the civic administration has stated that the copies were not being made public as it wants to avoid \"political pressure\" to make changes in the proposed reservation of land for amenities.NGO's that made the demand include Parisar, Sajag Nagrick Manch, Surajya Sangharsh Samiti and Nagrik Chetana Manch. The civic administration has clarified there is a specific procedure before the DP can be made public. Once the City Improvement Committee (CIC) approves the plan, it is tabled before the GB. After discussions, the GB proposes changes in the plan and the draft DP is made public for suggestions and objections.A development plan lays out policies and proposals for the development and use of land in the city. It is meant to guide decisions on whether development permission should be granted under the development control rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444143", "title": "BMC seeks heritage church land to widen road", "text": "MUMBAI: The St Anthony's Church in Malwani , Malad (W), which caters to 14,000 parishioners , has been served a notice to hand over its open plot as set back land for road widening .Incidentally , the name of this church\u2014built in 1872\u2014figures in the recently proposed heritage list, as a Grade II (A) heritage structure.The notice , dated September 1, under Section 299 of the MCGM Act, 1888 has asked the church to hand over the land , which includes the grotto , a compound wall and the Presbytery building where the priests reside . Father Austen Norris has sent a letter to the BMC, stating that the notice stands null and void as the church figures in the BMC's proposed heritage list .The BMC notice to the church has upset the Christian community . \"I feel pained that such a huge part of church land is being asked as setback for road widening . It may appear as open land to the BMC, but people congregate there for mass . The main structure , Presbytery ,which are the living and dining quarters for the priests ,will be mainly affected . We appeal to the ward office to give us justice,\" said Fr Austen .Advocate R Fernandes , a parishioner , said this land has immense value to the church . \"There is a government policy in this regardwherein if a property is declared as heritage , then no structure should be demolished and the road alignment should be changed . If the BMC doesn't agree , we will have to take legal course of action ,\" said Fernandes .Anil Joseph , a Bandra resident who was part of the 2006 protest against the BMC's acquisition notices for churches , said , \"The ward officer should visit the site. The BMC should not hurt the religious sentiments of the people and give respect to their own heritage tag .\"When contacted , D Jain , assistant commissioner , P(north ) ward , said , \"In 1980 , the church had signed an agreement stating that it will hand over land for road widening .It's an open spacethat has been extended . My engineers have told me that the part of land doesn't fall under the purview of heritage norms .\"On November 14, 2006, BMC sent notices to St Peter's Church, St Andrew's Church and Parsi Agiary in Bandra. The churches would have lost family graves, grotto and the Holy Cross, which were in existence for hundreds of years. Bandra residents formed a human chain around the agiary when the demolition squad arrived. After political intervention, the BMC realigned the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16443145", "title": "Cop's house burgled in Sattari, gold stolen", "text": "KERI: Taking advantage of the family going out for the purchase of essential goods and commodities in the Sanquelim market, burglars looted gold jewellery worth around 3 lakh from the residence of a policeman in Ravan, Sattari, on Monday.Eknath Gawas of Dhatwada-Ravan along with his wife had gone to Sanquelim market to purchase the things required for Ganesh Chaturthi after attending his duty hours at Mapusa police station.As no one was present in the house, the burglars entered the house from the rear in broad daylight and looted the gold and jewellery items kept safely in the cupboard.When Gawas returned in the evening, he and his wife were shocked to notice the theft and immediately informed the police station at Valpoi. Arjun Gawas, assistant police inspector, conducted the inquest of the crime.Speaking to TOI, he said, \"Eknath Gawas has informed us that burglars took a steel box containing jewellery items. No cash was there in the house and no other household items were taken. The theft may have taken place at around 11am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442256", "title": "Colleges all set for youth festival", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's hard to miss the buzz in college campuses across the city as students get set for a four-day Panjab University youth festival. The event, which is scheduled to begin on September 25 in boys' colleges and October 15 in the girls' campuses, would include literary and cultural events.At least five boys' colleges from the city would compete in the festival under various categories like music, theatre and dance. This year, A S College in Khanna would host the extravaganza, witnessing participation by 15 boys' colleges from Zone A. \"Last year, we sent 13 entries and got positions in six of them. This year, our college is participating in 21 events. Looking at the students' hard work, we expect many more awards,\" said Manjeet Singh Chabbra, the vice-principal of Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College, Civil Lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442724", "title": "36 forest guards sent to 3 new sanctuaries", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the Umred-Kharangla wildlife sanctuary is struggling to get requisite staff, the state-level committee on Monday allocated 36 forest guards to three sanctuaries under the Nagpur wildlife circle.Of the 36 forest guards, 30 have been diverted from Thane Circle and six from Nagpur Circle. Of these guards, 32 have been posted in New Navegaon and New Nagzira wildlife sanctuaries while four have been posted in New Bor.Wildlife wing officials said even as more area is being brought under their jurisdiction, getting additional staff to man this area is the biggest problem. Due to shortage of protection staff, park managers are reluctant to take over new areas.To sort out the manpower problem, the state government had set up a four-member committee on August 2 under principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) AK Joshi, with additional PCCF East AK Saxena, APCCF West AK Nigam, and APCCF (subordinate cadre) Sarjan Bhagat as members.\"The terms of reference (TOR) of the committee were to verify how additional posts from other circles can be diverted to areas where posts are required to be filled,\" said Bhagat.On posting of additional staff at Umred-Kharangla sanctuary, Bhagat said it will be difficult to fulfil 100% requirement. While territorial department staff has been transferred to the sanctuary, part of the sanctuary area belonged to Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), and as per norms FDCM staff cannot be swapped.The government had on September 11 issued orders to the PCCF to transfer 33 employees to the new sanctuary. The employees include one assistant conservator (ACF), 2 range forest officers (RFOs), 6 foresters, 23 forest guards, and one clerk. The orders have still not been carried out. Apart from this, the sanctuary still needs 3 clerks, 2 drivers, 2 foresters, and 30 van majoors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442012", "title": "Top Maoist leader says Kishanji defied party line", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist leader Kishanji's streak of individualism and defiance hurt the party and led to his killing by the police, according to Sushil Roy, ideologue and politburo member of the banned CPI-Maoist. In jail since 2005, Roy is undergoing treatment at AIIMS Hospital here.Speaking exclusively to TOI, Roy (78) said, \"He (Kishanji) did not obey the party line. He thought he was next to Mao.\"Koteshwar Rao alias Kishanji was killed last November in Bengal. Ahead of last year's assembly polls in Bengal, Kishanji had reached out to the Trinamool Congress keeping the Maoist leadership in the dark.\"The party did not know about his (Kishanji's) meeting with Mamata (Banerjee) before the polls. It was not the party's decision,\" said Roy, who has been an underground leader since 1967 after the Naxalbari movement, precursor to the Maoists, was launched. He said indiscriminate killings in Bengal's Jangalmahal by Maoists were wrong.Caste and regional bias, indiscipline and cellphones are hurting the Maoists, said Roy. Kishanji, for instance, would call up all kinds of people, including journalists and political leaders. \"That was his weakness. It harmed him,\" said Roy.Use of cellphones, he felt, has hit the Maoists hard. Calling Operation Green Hunt barbaric, he said, \"The police could not get any of our leaders in a gun battle. They not could not have arrested our leaders but for the use of mobile phones.\" Due to heavy losses, the Maoists are unlikely to hold the party congress this year. \"State plenums have been held and preparation is on for the central plenum,\" said Roy.He appealed to the party leadership to lay down arms, opt for partial ceasefire in Bengal and Jharkhand and talk to the government. In Chhattisgarh and Bihar though the banned party should continue its fight against the Indian state to keep up the morale of the cadres, he said.Roy added, \"A large number of our comrades were killed or arrested in Bengal and Jharkhand. The party is in a bad shape. Many opportunists split from the party and formed outfits, especially, in Jharkhand. The ceasefire would benefit the party and help in release of cadres from jail.\"He had discussed ceasefire with Narayan Sanyal, senior Maoist politburo member lodged in Hazaribagh jail. \"About two-and-a-half months ago, we wrote to the party from jail proposing ceasefire. I don't know if the letter reached them,\" Roy said.He was not sure though if the government would accept the Maoist offer of a ceasefire. \"The state wants Maoists to adopt ceasefire as a policy. That would mean surrender and death of revolution,\" said Roy. He wanted Maoists to offer tactical ceasefire.Lying in the emergency ward of AIIMS with his body riddled with catheter and needles, Roy mourned the loss of Maoist spokesperson Azad, who was killed in an encounter in Adilabad forests of Andhra Pradesh in 2010. \"He was killed in a barbaric manner by the police. His death was a big loss for the party.\"Roy, who had declared the formation of the CPI-Maoist following the merger of MCC and PW on September 21, 2004, in the jungles of Chhattisgarh, was brought to AIIMS by the Jharkhand Police after his health deteriorated. He was wanted in four cases in Bengal, and another eight in Jharkhand.\"I was supposed to walk out of the prison on August 18 last year, but Jharkhand Police invoked the National Security Act and put me back in jail,\" said Roy, who is suffering from serious urinary bladder ailment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16443294", "title": "Police kick security plans into action for celebrations", "text": "MARGAO: The Goa police have geared up to meet the security requirements in the state ahead of the Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations.\"Those travelling to their native places are requested to inform the nearest police station and keep their gold and other valuables in lockers,\" police RPO John Aguiar said.He said that police patrolling will be intensified and requested people to keep some of their lights on, preferably of their balcony.The public has also been advised to keep the police as well as their neighbours informed while leaving their houses vacant, so that in case of any eventuality, timely help could be provided.Adequate forces from the IRB and the home guards will also be deployed with a view to reinforce security, police sources said.Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav mandals across the district have also been directed by the police to put in place adequate security measures, including hiring security guards, at the venue of the community celebrations. All sarvajanik Ganeshotsav mandals are advised to carry out checks in view of safety with regards to fire or electrical hazards at the pandal from the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) and the electricity department. All Ganeshotsav pandals are required to have separate entry and exit points for better crowd management.The F&ES; has also issued written advisories to all Ganeshotsav mandals. They have been asked to ensure that no fire crackers, fancy fireworks, etc. are burst near the venue, and to make provisions of water, sandbags and fire extinguishers. The organizers of sarvajanik Ganeshotsav celebrations have also been asked to keep evacuation plans ready to avoid stampede and casualties, in case of any eventualities.The sarvajanik Ganeshotsav organizers have been told by the police not to allow people found to be in an inebriated condition to participate in processions held at the time of idol immersions so as to ensure that there is no breach of peace.The police will, however, carry out anti-sabotage checks on the day of Ganesh Chaturthi, so as to thwart any attempts to disturb peace and communal harmony in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16443133", "title": "Thief who hoodwinked cops still at large", "text": "MAPUSA: The theft suspect who escaped from Anjuna police's custody on Sunday is still at large and the police are clueless about his whereabouts.Theft suspect Shyam Lingudkar had managed to escape police custody during a medical examination. The escape occurred when Lingudkar was escorted by four constables to the primary health centre at Siolim for a medical examination after being arrested.Sources informed TOI that while Lingudkar was sent inside the doctor's cabin, the four constables remain seated outside the cabin on benches and were busy talking amongst themselves.Taking advantage of this, Lingudkar jumped out of the window of the cabin and ran away. By the time the constables came to know that Lingudkar had slipped away from their hands, he reached the open fields which had grass grown almost six feet high. The police chase to nab Lingudkar was futile and they have launched a search operation in the area to nab him. Lingudkar is a history sheeter from Margao. He was taken by Anjuna police from Panaji police's custody as he was suspected of being involved in cases of house-breaking and robbery.Sources said that the four constables escorting Lingudkar were from a patrolling vehicle and attached to the Siolim outpost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16446387", "title": "Gang involved in selling girls busted", "text": "PATIALA: The dwindling number of girls in Haryana has been troubling the young girls of other states also as unmarried youth of this state have been paying huge amounts to some gangs , involved in the selling of young girls, to get young girls for marriage. The Patiala police have busted a similar gang and arrested three women and detected three cases of girl selling during preliminary investigations.A police team from Tripadi police station of city led by ASI Jagroop singh arrested three women including Ruby,Kamlesh and Karmjit Kaur from a local park when all three were distributing amount, they got after selling Sandeep Kaur to a Hisar resident. The kingpin of gang Gurpreet kaur is absconding while in total police have seized Rs 45,000 from their possession.During police investigations it has come to light that the gang had been selling minor and young girls belonging to poor families from Punjab and UP in Haryana for last 4-5 years and have sold many girls. Police have also recovered a minor girl , brought from UP for selling in Haryana, from arrested gang members.The women members have developed connections in various villages of Haryana, where the other members of gang used to find unmarried or divorcee boys as customers for them. After finding a suitable customer women gang members used to contact the women members of boy's families and offered to arrange suitable girl for their unmarried boys.\"Within last 24 hours we have detected three cases of girl selling by gang members. They have been in this illegal activity for last 4-5 years and have sold many girls. Some members of this gang were arrested earlier also by Haryana police, but they jumped bail later and declared proclaimed offenders by courts\" said investigations officer Jagroop singh.Though the arrested gang members belong to various districts Patiala and Bathinda of Punjab, but they used to change their residence after every two months to escape from police. The gang members have been charging various rates for girls depending upon the financial status of customer and age of available girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442579", "title": "Two persons robbed", "text": "MUMBAI: Juhu and Andheri police stations had registered two separate robbery cases where bike riders assaulted women travelling in autos and snatched chains collectively worth Rs 1.7 lakh on Sunday. First incident reported at JVPD in Vile Parle (west)The victim Shilpa Acharya 25, along with her husband and a kid was going for mount mary fair in auto when the biker along with pillion rider snatched her chains worth Rs 1.3 lakh around 5 pm. In second incident at Andheri the victim, Shanta Malekar, 68, was returning home in an auto when a biker along with pillion rider had stanched her gold chain worth Rs 40,000 around 8 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442092", "title": "House panels' rejig put off as Congress drags feet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite terms of department-related standing committees having lapsed on August 31, the panels have not been reconstituted as some parties, including Congress, are yet to finalize their nominees.The process of reconstituting committees usually begins around mid-August and is completed by early September. This time around, members have not been nominated with more than half of September gone.BJP sources said the party's nominees had been finalized and lists communicated to the presiding officers of the two Houses. It had been communicated that Congress might need some time to sort out its lists for various committees.\"Congress has blamed us for not taking Parliament seriously. But we are waiting for membership of the panels to be finalized,\" said BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu who heads the standing committee on home.The Parliament website has not been updated with the Rajya Sabha page showing no information on composition of committees. The Lok Sabha page does show committee compositions but the information is out of date.Usually, the committee memberships are not altered much from year to year, but parties make certain adjustments in accordance with requests of MPs as well as the leadership's assessment of the need to ensure that right persons are on important committees like defence and home.There are 16 standing committees under the Lok Sabha and eight under the Rajya Sabha.This is not the first time that there have been delays in the constitution of parliamentary committees. Last year, the committee on law and justice could not begin its examination of the Lokpal bill as its constitution was badly delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16443661", "title": "No action in foul play in Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial exam", "text": "KANPUR: Nearly a week after the exam was cancelled at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial medical College, no action has been initiated by college authorities against students responsible for the attempt to use unfair means. According to the sources, the medical college authorities are succumbing to pressure by students and not taking action against the wrongdoers.Students of MBBS final year of GSVM Medical college tried to plant slips inside the examination hall in their internal exams scheduled on September 11, forced the authorities of college to cancel the internal exam of the respective batch. The authorities of the medical college had decided to take action within 72 hours against students found guilty. A special three-member committee was constituted comprising senior Professor GSVM Dr Yashwant Rao, hostel in-charge Dr Matholia and Dr KP Singh, pathology head. Though the committee had to submit a detailed report of an investigation into the matter within three days, no such report has been prepared so far. Sources say, college authorities are being pressurised by students, hence delaying the matter.Talking to TOI, a senior professor of the medical college said the authorities asked the committee not to give reports against any student. The college administration has also decided only to slap fine on the class.\"It's strange no action has been taken against any of the complaints here. It was a blunder by students slipping in means for cheating in the exam hall. They had intruded into the exam hall a day before but no action is being taken against them,\" said that professor on the condition of anonymity .Even after complaints of junior doctors misbehaving with patients, or fresh medicos flouting discipline at the medical college, students of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi memorial medical college rarely face punishment for any misconduct. When TOI tried to contacted Principal Dr Navneet Kumar, he did not answer the phone calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ambaji", "code": "16444063", "title": "Modi\u2019s poll knife carves out Aravali", "text": "AMBAJI: On his 63rd birthday, chief minister Narendra Modi gave out return gifts to north Gujarat residents by announcing a new district and a taluka.In an attempt to woo tribal voters, Modi announced formation of new 'Aravali' that will be carved out from tribal-dominated areas of Sabarkantha and Banaskantha. The new district will be formed on January 26, 2013. It will comprise of Idar, Khedbrahma, Bhiloda, Vijaynagar, Vadali and Poshina talukas.Modi was in temple-town Ambaji as part of his Swami Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra on Monday. He also announced formation of Poshina as the new taluka in Banaskantha district.Modi also launched a diatribe against the Congress saying it has done nothing for the tribals except giving false promises. He also attacked the opposition's promises of doling out freebies.\"In 40-years of Congress rule, not a single school for class XII science was built in tribal areas from Umargaon to Ambaji. I have built 45 such schools in the last 10 years,\" he said.He also said that Congress has maligning the image of politicians in India with 2G and coal mine scams.\"It's because of Congress that the country has started looking down upon politicians. It's Congress' sin that other parties are being punished. Now there is a need to punish Congress for if we don't, they will continue to do wrong,\" he said.CM pulls out Sadbhavana card Chief minister Narendra Modi sought to play his Sadbhavana card on Monday. \"Communal riots were common in Gujarat during the Congress rule. However, peace and compassion has prevailed in Gujarat in the last 10 years of our rule. Do you want to bring those days when curfew was common?\" he said at the rally. \"In the last 10 years, Gujarat has progressed under Sadbhavana,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16443355", "title": "HC notice to Punjab govt on groundwater use", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After tightening its noose around groundwater-extracting builders in Gurgaon, Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday put the Punjab government, Punjab Urban Development Authority (PUDA) and Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA) on notice for use of groundwater for construction purposes in 18 blocks of Punjab.Acting on a PIL, the division bench of the HC comprising acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh and Justice Rakesh Jain served notices through Punjab chief secretary for imposing ban against extraction of underground water for construction purposes. Directions have also been sought for taking other measures like \"rainwater harvesting\" by directing the municipal corporations/municipal councils of the state to amend their bylaws for making provision for the same.The PIL was filed by H C Arora who sought appropriate directions to all the deputy commissioners, municipal corporations and municipal councils on the issue.The petitioner has also prayed that as a long-term measure for protecting and preserving groundwater, construction activity should be allowed only by using the treated water of \"sewerage treatment plants\", if such STPs are available in the areas concerned. The petitioner referred to various notification issued by CGWA in December 1998, December 2006 and August 2011, declaring 18 blocks in Punjab as \"notified areas\" and placing various restrictions, including restriction against extraction of ground water for purpose of construction.The petitioner also referred to the information received by him under the RTI Act from the municipal councils of Pattran, Nihalsingh Wala and Khanna cities, which fall under \"notified areas\", wherein it has been stated that the notifications issued by CGWA have not been implemented within the areas of those municipal councils and that no restrictions have been placed against extraction of groundwater for construction purpose. He also referred to reply received from CGWA, under RTI Act, admitting that CGWA is not aware as to whether its notifications regarding \"notified areas\" have been implemented in concerned blocks or not. Now the case would come up for further hearing on October 3.The blocksThe 18 blocks, which have been notified as \"notified areas\" by CGWA where construction is going on using groundwater include Ludhiana city and Ludhiana district; Moga block I; Moga block II; Sangrur block; Mahal Kalan block; Amedgarh block; Nakodar block; Shahkot block; Lohian block; Pattran block; Phagwara block; Nihalsingwala block; Dhuri block; Sunam block; Barnala block; Sherpur block; Malerkota block; Khanna block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16443955", "title": "Dr Bhandary elected to IMA\u2019s national committee", "text": "MANGALORE: Dr Kailkere Mohandas Bhandary of Mangalore has been elected with a thumping majority to the national-level central working committee (CWC) of Indian Medical Association. Dr Bhandary is the sole member representing the coastal region of Karnataka in the central body. The elections were conducted by postal ballot system over the past one-month.Dr Bhandary is a member of the Karnataka Medical Council and he represents non-teachers onstituency. He was the founder president of Family Doctors Association, Mangalore and has also served as the president of the medical association 's Mangalore branch.He is actively involved in a wide range of social and cultural activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16443012", "title": "Cotton Improvement society to open office in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The Indian Society for Cotton Improvement (ISCI) is starting a branch office at Central Institute for Cotton Research (CICR) in city with the aim of reaching farmers in Vidarbha as well as scientists working at CICR. Speaking to TOI, the former chairman of Agriculture Scientists Recruitment Board, C D Mayee, who will be the coordinator for the centre, said that the society will be launching a number of new initiatives.\"Society is taking up a Templeton foundation project with financial aid from USA aimed at assessing the reasons why a majority of farmers are taking up Bt cultivation. Is it just yield and pest or other factors? In India and China, it will check reasons for Bt cotton while in Philippines it will work on Bt Maize,\" he said.To begin with, the project will cover intensive cotton growing belts in Maharashtra, Punjab and Andhra Pradesh. It will take up assessment of Bt cotton in four districts (Yavatmal, Wardha, Amravati and Buldhana) in Vidarbha and Hingoli in Marathwada. The project will cover 20 villages in each district and 20 farmers per village.ISCI's second initiative will be to honour one student every year with the late A B Joshi (former director of Indian Agriculture Research Institute) award to be started soon. The award will carry a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh for student's doctorate thesis on cotton. This will encourage students to take up research on cotton in the country. Society will also sponsor trips of students working on cotton for the sixth World Congress on Research Conference (WCRC) to be held in Brazil in 2016.ISCI will also be shifting the publication of the society's journal from Mumbai to Nagpur. \"The focus of the journal will now be on processing rather than production in cotton,\" said Mayee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16443084", "title": "Meat case: Accused released on bail", "text": "PONDA: Laxman Ambigar, 19, from Mudhol in Karnataka, who was detained on Saturday with 200 kg of meat suspected to be of wild boar, has been released on bail on Monday even as Ponda forest officials are still clueless in the case.Ponda forest officials had obtained two-days custody of the accused from the Ponda judicial magistrate first class on late Saturday night. His remand ended on Monday. Although the accused was in custody of Ponda forest officials for two days, they were unable to interrogate him as he was speaking only Tamil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446518", "title": "Rani and Fahim's hattrick", "text": "Ace actress of Bhojpuri film industry, Rani Chatterjee has hiked her fee but yet her kitty is full of movies. Rani Chatterjee has proved that there are no fixed prices for talent.Director Fahim Khan who has already made films like 'Phool Banal Angaar' and 'Hamar Hatal Ta Tohar Fatal' is soon going to make another movie with Rani. The shooting for this upcoming and untitled next has already started in Gujrat. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16444360", "title": "A mega event to promote swimming", "text": "KOCHI: In order to promote swimming in the state, a team led by long-distance adventure swimmer S P Muraleedharan is organizing a major open water swimming competition in Vembanad Lake.Around 1,500 professional swimmers from across the country are expected to participate in the event that is to be held next January.It is being organized under the banner of the Save Water, Save Life Swimming Promoting Society.Swimmers aged above nine will participate in the event which will see separate competitions for boys, girls and the physically handicapped. The swimmers will cover the 3.5km stretch between Thavanakavu and Vaikom. The organizers said they were also trying to ensure participation of a few international celebrity swimmers.\"Even though the state has no dearth of water bodies like lakes, rivers and ponds, many people don't know how to swim. It's in this context that we thought of organizing such an event,\" said Muraleedharan, convener of the event.A coordination committee, under former vice-chancellor of Kerala Agricultural University K R Viswambaran, has already started preparations for the event. Actor Mammootty would be the goodwill ambassador of the event, said Muraleedharan.He also said that he aimed to swim across the Strait of Gibraltar next June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442650", "title": "Congress promises one lakh government jobs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state Congress on Monday promised to provide employment in the government sector to one lakh educated people. It also pledged to relax the age limit for such jobs to 35 years. The party also promised interest-free loans for purchase of bikes for skilled labourers.Announcing the seventh poll promise tilted 'Youth and Employment' under the Gujarat Prajaj Vikas Darshan, Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee ( GPCC) chief Arjun Modhwadia said, \"When Congress wins the Gujarat assembly election in December, we will not only provide employment to one lakh educated youths in the government but will also relax the age limit up to 35 years. At present, 33 per cent posts are laying vacant in government departments. These posts will be filled and the selected candidates will be paid full salaries.\"The party has so far already promised affordable housing scheme for the women in urban area, 100 sq yard plot free for women in rural areas, laptops for students, implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations, and reduction in Vat on petrol, diesel, CNG and fertilizers.Modhwadia said the next Congress government in the state would ensure that companies that set shops here reserve 80 per cent of employment for Gujaratis. \"A new policy will be designed and the same will be made mandatory for new industries coming up in the state, as well as, for existing ones. Projects like TATA Nano in Sanand will also be forced to keep 80 per cent jobs for Gujaratis.\" A Gujarati means a person born in Gujarat or has been staying here for years, he added.The Congress would also generate 10 lakh new employment opportunities for the youth and undertake recruitment of 5 lakh under the Apprenticeship Act. \"There are no employment opportunities available in Gujarat for postgraduate and profession degree holders. The Congress would generate employment for them.\"Modhwadia said that in order to provide affordable accommodation, the Congress would set up separate working men and women hostels in the big cities so that youths from the villages could come and stay there. He added that training will be given to five lakh educated youth and world-class manpower would be generated through modern 'Kaushalya Vardhan Kendras' for skill development of present educated unemployed youth. Such trained youth would get priority in jobs in national and international market, he claimed.Modhwadia also announced that about 80,000 small-scale units which were closed would be taken over and their government would re-start them and provide employment to over eight lakhs youths in these industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442595", "title": "MCOCA to curb chain-snatchers", "text": "MUMBAI: There is good news for pedestrians specially women.In a bid to curb the growing menace of chain snatchings, Mumbai police commissioner Satya Pal Singh has instructed all police stations to invoke stringent laws such as the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) and the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities (MPDA) Act. Under MCOCA the accused will not be able to get bail at least for one year.Singh in his first crime press conference held at Police Club on Monday while giving special instructions for Ganesh Chaturthi bandobast haswarned all the senior inspectors of 92 police stations to curb the chain snatching incidents in the city. Singh said that he has instructed all police stations to invoke the stringent acts such as Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) and Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Act (MPDA). Under the MCOCA act the accused will not be able to get bail atleast for one year.Police officials have been asked to use the copies of previous charge sheets and dossiers which are basic ingredients of the stringent act. I have already given instructions to all police officials to curb the chain snatching incidents. Its more of the trauma a women gets when somebody snatches her mangalsutra or gold chain from her neck.'' Said Singh.Sources said that the number of chain snatching incidents is growing every year due to increase in gold prices. But other sources said the main reason is unemployment and lure of easy and quickmoney. . \"One snatches a gold chain , he gets an amount anywhere between Rs 40,000 and 50,000 at one go,'' said an official. Another factor could be the jewellers buying the stolen booty from the thieves. \"If the jewellers completely stop or refuses to buy the stolen gold ornaments from the thieves, the inciodence of chain snatching will automatically come down,'' said another officer.Singh has instructed that bikers, particularly those speeding early in the morning, should be thoroughly checked. These bikers moves in the small lanes while the police lays nakabandhis on the main roads. Policemen have been asked to do foot patrolling and check each bikers.Last week the home minister R R Patil strict action would be taken to curb incidents of chain-snatching in the city. Patil said the police would come down heavily on those involved in these cases, including those who buy the stolen jewellery from the robbers. Patil was responding to a question raised by members in the Assembly.According to the police, 7,020 chain-snatching cases were reported in the city from 2008 to February 2012.. According to official figures, jewellery worth over Rs 26.81 crore was robbed in these incidents. Of the cases registered, the Mumbai Police detected 2,894 cases and recovered jewellery worth Rs 6.04 crore and more than 3,000 persons have been arrested.According city police's official statistics of the 1,442 chain snatching cases registered in 2008, the police have solved 640, a detection rate of 44 %. In 2009, of the 1,600 cases registered, the police solved 47% cases. For 2010, the detection percentage was 39 (787 of 2,044 cases).And out of 1,666 cases registered in 2011, the police cracked only 662, with a detection rate of 40%. The police's record in cracking chain-snatching cases for the current year, however, is just 18%. Of the 268 cases registered till February 29, the police have managed to crack just 49.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442121", "title": "Oshiwara station to be running by 2013-end", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of MPs met WR officials on Monday to review railway projects, where they were told that the new Oshiwara station would be operational by the end of 2013.During the meeting with WR general manager Mahesh Kumar and other officials, the 13 MPs-including Priya Dutt, Gurudas Kamat, Hussain Dalwai and Eknath Gaikwad-made several suggestions on behalf of commuters.\"The members of parliament insisted that the WR should speed up the conversion of nine-car trains to 12-car trains and introduce more 15-car rakes,\" said a source. They also demanded additional ladies' compartments and asked that the elevated corridor project be expedited.An MP sought \"proper cover\" on platforms, while Dalwai \"pointed out that several stations were unclean and lacked proper toilets\". The MPs enquired about the progress of Oshiwara railway station and were assured that it would come up within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16444280", "title": "Catchy veggie names can make kids eat greens", "text": "WASHINGTON: Kids seem to have an aversion to eating vegetables, but you can make your child have more greens by using attractive names for healthy foods, according to a new study. Researchers from the Cornell University conducted a couple of studies to explore whether a simple change such as using attractive names would influence kid's consumption of vegetables.In the first study, plain old carrots were transformed into 'X-ray Vision Carrots' . Over 147 students ranging from 8-11 years old from 5 schools participated in tasting the 'cool new' vegetables. Lunchroom menus were the same except that carrots were added on three consecutive days. On the first and last days, carrots remained unnamed. On the second day, the carrots were served as either 'X-ray Vision Carrots' or 'Food of the Day' . The study found that by changing the carrots to 'X-ray vision carrots' , a whopping 66% were eaten, far greater than the 32% eaten when labelled 'Food of the Day' and 35% eaten when unnamed. In the second study, carrots remained 'X-Ray vision carrots' , broccoli became 'Power Punch Broccoli' and 'Silly Dilly Green Beans' replaced regular old green beans.Researchers looked at food sales over two months in two neighbouring NYC schools. For the first month, both schools offered unnamed food items, while on the second month carrots, broccoli and green beans were given the more attractive names, only in one of the schools (the treatment school).Of the 1,552 students involved 47.8% attended the treatment school. The results were outstanding: vegetable purchases went up by 99%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441064", "title": "Engineering colleges face vetting", "text": "HYDERABAD: State-level task force officials have asked engineering college managements in the state to submit details of the facilities provided by them at their institutions. The officials would then verify the list of facilities before putting up those details on the official websites of the colleges concerned as well as on the website of the AP State Council of Higher Education.Higher education officials made this announcement on Monday and said that while several college managements have been opposing the task force inspections, the state government would still go ahead with them. About 150 engineering colleges out of the total 717 will be inspected in October. At a media conference on Monday, Ajay Jain, commissioner for technical education, said that the inspections will be held transparently without any interference from outside.Officials said that students who have sought full relief under the fee reimbursement scheme have now been told that the fee structure at colleges is subject to change based on the inspections of the task force.A total of 57 officials will be involved in the inspection with the procedure also to include validation of data provided by the colleges to AFRC. \"No institute will be exempted from inspection, the outcome of which could even lead to withdrawal of affiliation of colleges (if the facilities on paper are found to be non-existent in reality),\" Jain said.About 598 college managements had asked the state government to exempt them from task force inspections.At the media conference, officials said that college managements which have been asking for leniency on management quota admissions will be reprimanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442250", "title": "First-timers work hard for youth festival debut", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's an exciting time for those who are participating for the first time in Panjab University zonal youth festival.\"I am participating in the youth festival for the first time and am really looking forward to a tremendous experience. We practice for at least six hours daily,\" said Paras Baldha, a resident of Haibowal who is pursuing MCom at Gujranwala Guru Nanak Khalsa College (GGNKC).Maninder Singh, 20, will be representing his college in six different groups and expects to make it to the top three in at least a few of them.\"Last year, I got five prizes in both solo and group events. This time I am expecting more,\" said this BCom student who lives in Haibowal.\"We are practising for more than six hours every day. This time, our team members are making sure we win the first prize in 'Malwai giddha'. We were third the last time,\" said 20-year-old Ashavinder Singh of BCom. He lives on Rani Jhansi Road.Deepranjan Grewal, 22, a resident of Surya Enclave and student of MCom-II said, \"Last year, we were the third position holders. So our aim is to grab the top spot. In the play, six of the nine students are freshers.\"From Sri Aurobindo College of Commerce and Management, 50 students would participate in the youth festival this year. \"Last year, the students won prizes in 13 categories. This year, we have sent 19 entries,\" said said principal R K Behl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443901", "title": "Army officer checks flood relief work", "text": "Allahabad: Lieutenant general RS Pradhan, AVSM, SM, VSM and general officer commanding central India visited Headquarters Purva Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh Sub Area. Highly decorated soldier from the regiment of PARA-Commando, Pradhan has vast experience of operations. On arrival, he reviewed internal security, flood relief arrangements and other administrative issues being dealt with by HQ Purva UP and MP Sub Area in a large area of jurisdiction. Later. He was briefed about arrangements made for servicemen and ex-servicemen to facilitate their visit to Kumbh Mela.Nominated: Congress leader Parvez Akhtar Ansari has been nominated member of Zonal Railway Users Consultative Committee (ZRUCC),North Central Railway. Local party leaders including Mukund Tewari, Upendra Singh, Sanjay Srivastava, Harish Tripathi, Nafees Anwar, Abhieshek Shukla, Shaukat Ali and Zia Obaid Khan hailed his nomination.Dharna: Protesting against contaminated water supply and pathetic condition of roads, the All India United Muslim Morcha led by district president Javed Akhtar staged a sit-in dharna on Monday at the Peepal crossing, Dariyabad. Akhtar said the water being supplied in Dariyabad is contaminated, yellowish in colour and unfit for consumption. He demanded quick repair of roads and said despite repeated complaints there was no response. He threatened a massive agitation for the cause.Essay competition: Railway Electrification Women Welfare Organization (REWWO) organised an on-the-spot essay competition for children at the auditorium of CORE office. 41 children participated in the competition and exhibited their talents. President of REWWO Sona Kalia distributed prizes to the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16442339", "title": "After duping 25, he falls in police net", "text": "MOHALI: Police have arrested a Talwinder Singh alias Dimple, 33, of Jalandhar for robbing more than 25 persons, including a couple from Gulmohar City in Derabassi, after offering them intoxicant laced coffee on Monday.Apart from robbing Mohali and Chandigarh residents, Talwinder also duped residents of Chennai, Hyderabad, Delhi and Mumbai, too. In some of the robberies, he had also used his minor sister-in-law, who has been sent to juvenile home.Police have also recovered more than nine fake identity cards, three passports, four PAN cards, dozens of ATM cards and receipts of over Rs 4 lakh from his possession. Earlier, Talwinder was arrested for forgery in Jalandhar and in a rape case in Chandigarh in September 2011.The modus operandi of the accused was to lure people by placing advertisements in newspapers searching for domestic help in Canada and instructed them to show more than Rs 4 lakh in their accounts if they want to obtain visas.Crime branch Inspector Gurcharan Singh said after winning the confidence of victims, Talwinder used to intoxicate them and withdraw money from their accounts. The Derabassi based couple Maninder Sharma and Sushila Sharma were also robbed using similar modus operandi on August 30, he added.During interrogation, Talwinder revealed that over 20 persons from Tamil Nadu, Chennai, Delhi and other cities were robbed in Chandigarh and Mohali based hotels. A woman from Kerala, who came in the contact with the accused through the newspaper advertisement, was raped by him in a Sector 22 hotel in Chandigarh in September 2011.Talwinder was produced in Derabassi court and sent in six days police custody.18 NamesTalwinder Singh has more than 18 fake names and on the basis of forged documents, he procured fake identity cards, voter cards, ATM cards and three passports. Accused Talwinder is BCom passed and had been worked in foreign country. After returning, he had worked with an MNC. He opened 12 bank accounts after changing names of his wife Prabhjot Kaur and his brother-in-law", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441135", "title": "J Jayalalithaa gives Rs 1cr to feed starving emus", "text": "CHENNAI: In a compassionate gesture to save thousands of abandoned emu birds, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Monday allocated 1 crore to the department of animal husbandry to take care of them. This will help rear nearly 15,000 exotic birds abandoned in private emu farms in Erode and Coimbatore districts.With most emu farm owners and employees abandoning the birds after police started cracking down following complaints of cheating from investors, the state has taken up the responsibility of rearing the birds through its veterinary officers. Many of the farm owners have gone into hiding fearing police action and employees have left in search of other jobs, leaving the birds starving. In the initial days, hundreds of birds died and those alive started feeding on the carcasses.Moved by their plight, the government roped in its animal husbandry department employees to take care of the Australian birds. In Erode alone, about 36 private emu farms were shut down following police action and nine of them were booked for cheating investors.Emu farming, which took off in a big way in southern and western districts, started falling apart when investors began flooding collectorates and police stations complaining that the firms were defaulting on payments.Animal welfare activists hailed the chief minister's gesture. \"She has always been supportive of the less fortunate and this is something we expected from her. We profusely thank her,\" said Chinny Krishna, vice-chairman, Animal Welfare Board of India. Krishna said commercial rearing of emu birds failed in Australia over three decades ago and the government there declared it an endangered bird. Emu farming failed even in Mexico, the US and Canada , he said. \"We are surprised over the initial encouragement the state has accorded,\" said Krishna. The life span of an emu bird is 35 years.Erode district collector V K Shanmugam said the fund would be of much help, since the district administration has already floated tenders to purchase feed for the birds. \"Fodder is available in Erode, Namakkal and Tiruppur, therefore rearing emus will not be a problem,\" he said.The original plan of the government was to rear the chicks, sell them once they grow and use a part of the money to meet the fodder expenses. However, the animal husbandry officials are now unclear as to till when they should continue looking after the birds, given the fact that most chicks have now become adults. \"Unless specific directions come from courts, disposal of birds will not take place. The government will manage the fodder expenses till then,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441241", "title": "Indians refuelling global demand for MBAs", "text": "MUMBAI: After three years of decreasing application numbers, the full-time MBA programme and its other variants are back in demand globally. A large slice of this growth comes from India and China, where colleges have recorded an increase in applications.In India, 83% of GMAT score-accepting MBA programmes surveyed reported an increase in applications as did 80% colleges in China. Specialised MBA courses that attract undergraduate students and those with less than a year's work experience are also in demand.There's good news for those who look for gender parity in business management; classrooms are also inching towards equality, with women making up over 40% of MBA applications around the world.These are some of the highlights of the 13th annual application trends survey conducted by the Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC), owner of the GMAT exam. In 2001-2002, when the global economy slowed down, applications to MBA programs increased. As the global economy recovered, programs reported a decrease in the number of applications received, with full-time MBA programs bottoming out in 2004 and 2005. Part-time and executive MBA programs fared better, as students were able to keep working while completing their course work.As the most recent global recession began in late 2007 and deepened in 2008, unemployment rates rose and application volumes for full-time MBA programs once again began to climb, peaking in 2009. For the past three years of a sluggish economic recovery (2009-2011), full-time MBA programs reported slowing or decreasing application growth.But in 2012, all MBA programme formats saw an increase in the percentage of programs reporting growth compared with findings from 2011, the GMAC report notes. The application profile is also changing. In 2012, women accounted for 39% of the applicant pool for the full-time two-year MBA, up from 35% in 2011. But the largest shift was seen among applicants to the executive MBA course. In 2012, 37% of executive MBA applicants were women, in contrast to 2011 when women accounted for only 27% of executive MBA applicants. In 2012, women make up more than 40 percent of applicants for all the MBA courses.\"Regionally, across all MBA programs, full-time one-year MBA programs in Asia (Asia-Pacific and Central Asia combined) reported the greatest growth in female application volume in 2012 at 77 percent, compared with 32 percent of full-time one-year MBA programs in Europe and 47 percent in the United States ,\" states the report.Said Ashish Bharadwaj, regional Ashish Bhardwaj, Regional Director, South Asia , GMAC, \"More applications from women candidates should enable management programmes to craft a more diverse class and meet the requirements of corporate recruiters who have been voicing the need for a more gender-balanced management pool.\"Again, findings new to this year's survey reveal special efforts made to recruit entrepreneurs (6%), pre-experience candidates (13%), and members of the LGBT community (9%). One thing, however, has not changed. Worldwide, Indian, Chinese, and US citizens accounted for the greatest number of foreign applicants to MBA programs for 43%, 27%, and 6% of MBA programs, respectively, yet their numbers have fallen when compared to previous years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16444048", "title": "University Of Mysore Syndicate postpones decision on VC nominees", "text": "MYSORE: University Of Mysore (UoM) Syndicate on Monday postponed a decision on nominating members to the search committee which is vested with the responsibility to find a person for the post of vice-chancellor. VC V G Talwar's term will end by December 2012.According to a syndicate member, as the subject was brought hurriedly in the meeting, it was decided to take up discussion in the next meeting slated to be held on October 8.As per the statute, UoM syndicate has to nominate a member to the four-member search committee to be constituted by the government. Of the three other members, one will be nominated by the state government; one will be by the governor and the third by the UGC. The members felt that it would be not good on their part to take a decision on the nomination in a hurried manner as the issue needs to be discussed and deliberated. \"We have to shortlist the members to be nominated,\" the member said.The members discussed the visit of the National Assessment and Accreditation Committee (NAAC) to the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441955", "title": "BEST won't raise bus fares despite diesel price hike", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST committee on Monday decided not to increase bus fares in Mumbai despite the recent rise in diesel prices.Instead, the panel members will request the government to grant a 15% subsidy on diesel and to further increase the concessions extended to visually challenged and other handicapped persons and school students. It will also demand an exemption from toll and road taxes.\"If we get a 15% subsidy, it will not only ease our burden of Rs 24 crore annually due to diesel price hike but also generate an additional revenue of Rs 10 crore,\" said BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil. The undertaking plies 1,554 buses on diesel.Shiv Sena member Sunil Ganacharya said rising transportation costs would push up the prices of spare parts. \"In reality, the burden on our exchequer will be to the tune of Rs 30 crore to Rs 40 crore annually,\" he said, adding they needed an immediate there was an urgent need to get subsidy from the state and BMC on octroi, tolls, road taxes and trenches rates. MNS member Kedar Hombalkar suggested that BEST could also cut down losses by phasing out AC buses, which would mean paying less for their maintenance. The BMC could also for by phasing them out at earliest and waive the advertising charges at bus stops/hoardings, he proposed.Sena member Suhas Samant said, \"If the government can subsidize fuel prices for aviation companies, why can't it give it to the BEST, which is a no-profit public transport service.\" Ganacharya said that fares were not being hiked as it would lead to further drop in passengers. The BEST had recently hiked fares by upto 50 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442585", "title": "Four bariatric surgeries at JJ hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Doctors at J J Hospital conducted four bariatric surgeries on Monday as part of a surgical workshop. Overweight patients, who could not afford such a surgery in a private medical set-up (costing at least Rs 4 lakhs), got a chance to undergo this surgery under the supervision of Hollywood's renowned bariatric surgeon Dr Mathias Fobi.According to the doctors at the minimal access and bariatric surgery department at J J Hospital, if the pouch made during the bariatricsurgery gets dilated four years down the line, then there is a likelihood of the patient starting to gain weight again.\"Dr Fobi has invented a form of banded gastric bypass, which can be used in both sleeve gastrectomy and gastric bypass for long term effects,\" said Dr Ajay Bhandarwar, professor and head of the department. \"We conducted two gastric bypass surgeries. We also conducted two sleeve gastrectomy surgeries,\" he added. tnnJJ Hospital and Dr Fobi's company, Bariatec Corporation have mutually agreed on an exchange programme, which will enable doctors from the JJ Group of Hospitals to go and train at the St Mary Medical Center, Long Beach, California and similarly experts like Dr Fobi will come down and engage in knowledge-sharing.Commenting on his experience at JJ Hospital and with the doctors Dr Fobi said, \"I am happy to see the pioneering work being done in a public hospital and a university medical college like J.J. Hospital. The expertise of the bariatric surgeons in this Department and their enthusiastic approach to learning the latest techniques and upgrading their protocols to be one of the best centers offering obesity surgery at a very affordable cost is remarkable.\"Dr Jitendra Sankhpal, who had conducted the first bariatric surgery in G T Hospital in 2008, said that many patients cannot afford a surgery that costs about Rs 4 Lakh in a private set up. \"J J group of hospitals have set an example. All public hospitals should have this facility now, since obesity is no more a disease of the upper class.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444091", "title": "Belapur soc seeks VAT computation", "text": "MUMBAI: Refusing to bow down to their developer's demand of 5% value-added tax (VAT), residents of Suncoast Co-operative Housing Society, Belapur, have fired another salvo against Lakhani Builders. The residents have told Lakhani they will not pay penalty and interest if it does not clarify the computation of the VAT figure. The developer has given the residents a deadline of September 31. \"Considering the state government's silence, we are not hopeful of its support to us if the developer puts pressure on us by sending a legal notice ... We have to protect ourselves by taking a firm stand,\" said a resident. The residents have also asked Lakhani to explain how it selected a particular option among three framed under the Maharashtra VAT Act for computing the tax. Besides, the residents have asked for a copy of the certificate wherein the developer is registered as a dealer with the sales tax department (which makes it liable to pay VAT). \"Unregistered developers do not have to pay the tax. We want to check if our developer is registered or not,\" a resident said.Lakhani director Sunny Lakhani said, \"We planned to meet the residents last weekend to clarify the issue, but could not due to some personal issues . We hope to meet the residents soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443147", "title": "Food and drugs administration orders closure of 70 kiosks", "text": "PANAJI: Food and drugs administration (FDA) on Monday ordered the shutting of 70 roadside gaddas and handcarts across the state as they were operating with out necessary permissions and licences.FDA director Salim Veljee said the handcarts did not have food licences nor did they possess municipal permissions or approvals. He said the handcarts and gaddas were selling various items such as Chinese fast food, tea, snacks and other eatables. They were operating in various parts of the state including Panaji , Margao, Mapusa, Ponda and Porvorim.Veljee said food safety officers identified the violating gaddas and handcarts as part of the regular survey on controlling unlicenced street food and gaddas. The drive began on September 14 and continued till Monday.A few weeks ago, FDA had seized expired food items being sold in some prominent establishments and fined them. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443448", "title": "Post-study, ASI to push Bateshwar temples' restoration", "text": "BHOPAL: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is carrying out a detailed study to move forward with restoration work of ancient temples at Bateshwar in Morena district, some 600 km from Bhopal. In the past decade, the ASI had begun restoration of the temples, which face threat to their existence owing to illegal mining activities in the area.\"Projects led by our predecessors would be carried forward and detailed documentation work is underway,\" ASI Bhopal circle superintending archaeologist N Taher told TOI. The ASI is now looking at new areas in Bateshwar, which can be restored. However, timeline for the same is ruled out.Speaking at a press conference on Monday, former ASI director (north) K K Muhammad said, \"People and the government have to be more sensitive towards the restoration of Bateshwar. It is tragic and disheartening to see temples destroyed even after they were restored.\" Muhammed is widely acknowledged for restoring about 100 shrines in the Chambal valley.\"Bateshwar restoration and my opposing the chief minister is well-known,\" he said, recalling his fight for the temple restoration and his letter to Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS) chief K S Sudarshan in 2008. In the letter, Muhammed had raised the issue of cracks developing in Bateshwar temple ruins due to unabated illegal mining.Even as the ASI gets its act together to restore glory of the post-Gupta and early Pratihara temples, sources suggest that continued illegal mining still poses a threat to the 1,300-year-old temple complex.The state government, on its part, has set a buffer zone of 750 metre to protect the monuments. The normal limit of prohibition by the state around an ASI protected site is 200 metre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442466", "title": "Govt mulls blanket ban on correction fluid", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is all set to crack down on the sale and use of bottled correction fluids commonly available in stationery shops. The directorate of prohibition and drug abuse prevention unit of the state is preparing a proposal for cabinet approval to impose a blanket ban on the sale and use of the fluid.A slow poison, the stationery item is commonly used by poor street and working children as a drug that grips their minds and bodies leaving them diseased, weak and caught in a web of life long addiction.Minister in-charge Kiran Walia held a meeting with senior officials and representatives from AIIMS on Monday to prepare the roadmap. It is learnt that chief minister Sheila Dikshit has been apprised of the matter.Walia told TOI, \"The use of correction fluid by vulnerable children on the streets is worrisome. We are planning a total ban on its sale and use. We also plan to introduce severe punishment and penalties on violators. In any case, the demand for correction fluid as a stationery item has declined in the age of information technology. Thus, why allow the fluid to be misused as a cheap and easily available drug.\"The Union health and family welfare ministry had in July brought out a notification banning of production of bottled correction fluids as well as bottled thinners of any chemical composition. The Delhi government is now studying the notification to see how it can be implemented in Delhi. The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights too has a sub-committee on substance abuse and it recognizes correction fluid as a serious menace.According to Sanjay Gupta from NGO Childhood Enhancement Through Training &amp; Action (CHETNA) nearly 80% of street and working children sniff correction fluid and most get addicted to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442947", "title": "One more Nagpur company loses bank guarantee", "text": "NAGPUR: The Ministry of Coal has accepted the recommendation of the inter-ministerial group (IMG), to encash bank guarantee of one more city-based company having a coal block in its name. After recommending seizure of Shree Veerangana Steels' guarantee last week, the IMG, on Friday, mooted a similar action against Gupta Metallic, owned by Mahesh Gupta, a prominent businessman. The coal ministry has accepted the recommendation to encash Shree Veerangana Steel's guarantee too.Gupta Metallic and Gupta Coal (belonging to Mahesh Gupta's brother Padmesh Gupta) were jointly granted Nerad Malegaon block in Yavatmal district in 2006, sources said. A special purpose vehicle (SPV), Wani Coalfields Private Limited, was formed in order to undertake the mining operations.However, the mining operations began at a very slow rate. In April 2012, the company was slapped with a show cause notice asking to it explain the delay in beginning the mining operations. Even though the mine was allocated in 2006, the company is yet to acquire the land.According to the ministry's notice, the company was supposed to have applied for land acquisition in 2006, complete the process by 2009 and seek permission to open the mine in the same year. However, it has not even applied for initiating the land acquisition, says the notice.According to market sources, the Gupta Metallics has also delayed the payment of the bank loan to the tune of Rs 25 crore which has been now taken over by an asset reconstruction company. It has a total loan of over Rs 140 crore.Both Mahesh and Padmesh Gupta could not be contacted for a comment. Sources close to the duo say that they have left the city in anticipation of CBI action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442243", "title": "All Mecca-bound from Lucknow are first-timers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In keeping with the government order to give opportunity for Haj travel to those who have not performed the ritual before, all the persons who have boarded the flight from Lucknow are first-time pilgrims. But the preferential selection came with some nervousness since there are no experienced persons to take notes from during the journey. \"I hope we face no problem,\" said Mohd Rehman, a businessman from Lucknow.Sixty-year-old Mohammad Hafiz and his wife believe they are the chosen ones. \"For the last five years, I have been applying for Haj and wanted my wife to accompany me. But neither of us were selected. Every time I came to wish good luck to friends or relatives leaving for Haj, I wondered when is it going to be my turn. Now that I am starting my journey, I feel a sense of fulfillment,\" he said.Some applicants were lucky to be selected in the first attempt. Government teacher Mohd Musa and his wife Salma Khatoon of Akhbarpur are one such couple. \"We have been saving for Haj for the past decade and by the grace of Allah our name figured in the list,\" said Salma. Most of the pilgrims said they were putting in their entire savings to accomplish the religious duty. \"I retired in July last year and decided to use the retirement funds for Haj,\" said Aslam Beg of Sitapur.Though the number of young Muslims going for Haj from Lucknow is increasing every year, it was still below the number of elderly ones. Official figures show that more than 70 per cent are between the age of 50 and 70 years. The younger pilgrims were an excited lot. 39-year-old Haider, accompanying his parents said, \"If one can afford, one should go for Haj at the earliest. The journey to Allah's land makes life more meaningful,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442704", "title": "Tanishq welcome gates greet trouble", "text": "NAGPUR: The three welcome gates erected by Tanishq Jewellery at Laxmi Bhuvan square are disrupting traffic and thus violating high court orders, the traffic police confirmed on Monday.Tanishq Jewellery opened its new showroom near the square, on the road from Laxmi Bhuvan to Children's Traffic park, on Monday. Three welcome gates were erected on the road as part of the inauguration festivities, after taking permission from Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) Dharampeth zone and getting a no objection certificate from traffic police (west).However, the three gates were erected in violation of norms. One of the gates, on the road heading towards Children's Traffic park, is right on the carriageway. The gate is obstructing at least 25% of the road, and hindering traffic at that spot.A traffic police constable told TOI that the gate's two foundations should ideally have been on the shoulder of the road. \"They probably miscalculated the width of the road and so one of the gate's leg is now on the road,\" he said.The other two gates have been erected on the square at West High Court road, and also violate the norms.Confirming the violation, PI MD Jadhav said directives have been given to remove the gates. \"NMC should monitor and take action. We issued NOC on an application submitted by NMC. The civic body gave permission for 14 days, upto September 24. The gates will create great inconvenience to the commuters. NMC will be asked to remove the gates,\" he said.NMC assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney told TOI that permission was given after obtaining NOC from the traffic police and the process completed by the junior and deputy engineer from the zone. \"I will inspect the spot to see if there are any problems for traffic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442598", "title": "Airport Metro work to end by Oct", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union urban development minister Kamal Nath on Monday said that the repair work on Airport Metro Express line would be completed by next month, indicating that the service is likely to resume soon.Service on the premier Metro line - executed on the public-private-partnership (PPP) mode - was suspended on July 8 after structural faults were detected on this stretch. Nath was speaking to reporters on the sidelines of a FICCI summit on PPP model for urban development. Sources said that the UD ministry is holding regular meetings to assess the repair work's progress, which has been underway for the past few weeks. \"Services will resume after all safety issues are addressed,\" a ministry official said.Earlier, Nath reiterated the need to push mono rails for both big cities like Delhi and smaller ones like Kochi, claiming this system of public transport is around 40% cheaper than Metro. He added that the Centre would provide financial aid to cities to take up such projects on PPP mode to make them financially viable.\"Monorails will provide an efficient transport system and will also act as a feeder system to the Metro. All cities must have monorail. The government will support the initiative,\" Nath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442922", "title": "Rabindra Tirtha starts hosting events", "text": "KOLKATA: Rabindra Tirtha, chief minister Mamata Banerjee's much-hyped cultural complex in Rajarhat, started hosting cultural programmes from Sunday. The programmes are all based on Tagore.An official said the programme will continue for a week. On Monday, theatre personality Saoli Mitra performed a vocal rendition of Tagore's 'Dakghar'. 'Rabindranath', a documentary by Satyajit Ray , will be screened on Friday.The entry fee to the complex is Rs 10 and if seats are available, visitors can watch the cultural programmes, the organizers said.The CM had planned this cultural complex soon after coming to power and inaugurated it on August 7. The complex has an auditorium with a capacity to seat 200 people and it will soon be open to public use. An official said that they are planning to give it on rent to private users soon.Rabindra Tirtha which is built by Hidco has a main auditorium other than an exhibition hall which displays paintings of Tagore and various pictures on Tagore at different ages. Moreover there is a film archive and cinema hall and on the another side there is a music archive and art gallery. There is a water body as well with a statue of Tagore in the centre. Moreover there is also a Tagore related library, as Rabindra Tirtha is going to come up a research centre on Tagore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441703", "title": "Ethanol-blending can cut fuel bill, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Despite the huge capacity of sugar factories to supply ethanol to oil companies at affordable rates, the Union government has not taken any decision on blending ethanol with petrol, which would reduce the oil import bill.Claiming that ethanol can be blended with diesel also, the Indian Sugar Mills Association, the national body of sugar factories, has reiterated its demand for ethanol-blending following the recent increase in fuel prices.The Karnataka government has started blending of five per cent ethanol with diesel used by state transport buses. The Union government should convince the stakeholders and do the same, the association representatives said.Ethanol is a type of alcohol. If blended with petrol or diesel, it enhances the performance of the vehicle and brings down the CO2 emission. It is made from molasses, a bi-product of crushed sugarcane. Ethanol, industrial alcohol and potable alcohol are the three major products obtained from molasses.Abinash Verma, director general of the Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA), told TOI: \"If five per cent ethanol is blended with one litre of petrol, it saves Rs 15 per litre. The annual requirement for five per cent blending with petrol across the country is 100 crore litre of ethanol. This will result in a saving of at least Rs 1,500 crore every year.\" Though the Union cabinet has decided in October 2007 to initiate blending of ethanol with petrol across the country, the decision has never been implemented, said Verma.Last week, a meeting was held in Delhi to discuss the blending of ethanol with petrol. Union finance minister P Chidambaram , Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , Union minister for food and civil supplies C V Thomas and various stakeholders from chemical and petroleum ministries attended the meeting. However, no decision was taken in the meeting as representatives of chemical sector objected to the blending, fearing that their requirement of ethanol would be compromised.Ethanol India, a group of consultants and experts, is also working with the government and other stakeholders on implementation of ethanol-blending.Deepak Desai, chief consultant at Ethanol India, said: \"The current market price for industrial alcohol is Rs 35 per litre. But the government is not keen to increase ethanol price above Rs 31 per litre. The low price discourages sugar factories and distilleries from producing ethanol. So, they prefer to produce industrial and potable alcohol.\"The price mechanism has to be competitive. Since the average petrol price in the country is above Rs 65, the oil companies and the government will still manage to save lot of money even if ethanol is priced at Rs 40 per litre, he added.Desai also said that there was no effort from the government to set up a system to ensure good production of sugarcane, its supply to factories, crushing, production of molasses, its supply to distilleries and production of ethanol.Verma said the yearly requirement of potable alcohol and industrial alcohol in the country is 90 crore litre and 75 crore litre respectively.With five per cent blending, the requirement of ethanol is 100 crore litre. The sugar factories can produce 280 crore litre alcohol annually. We have many a times submitted the figures of consumption and supply of petrol and ethanol but the government is delaying a decision on blending, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441750", "title": "School bus fares up 15% from October", "text": "PUNE: School bus fares will go up by about 15% owing to recent hike in diesel prices. Janardan Murkute, president of the Association of Bus/School Bus Transport of Pune, announced on Monday that the hike would come into effect from October.Murkute said that about 1,200 buses in the city ferry school children. Many of these buses operate on a contract basis.The decision to revise fares was taken during the meeting of school transporters called on Monday. Murkute said the recent hike of Rs 6 per litre of diesel is a huge burden on transporters. \"There was no choice left but to revise fares. The transporters were already incurring huge losses owing to modifications in buses as per the new set of rules for the school transport,\" he said.Murkute said the decision would be conveyed to transporters in two-three days. Besides, a meeting of transporters will be called this week to decide how the decision has to be implemented.The association had last week hinted that the revision of fares was inevitable if the Union government fails to rollback the hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16443219", "title": "Special train on Vasco-Yesvantpur route on Sept 18", "text": "VASCO: South western railway has decided to run a one-way express special train between Vasco da Gama, and Yesvantpur ( train no.07312) on September 18 to clear extra rush of traffic, as per the following details. Train no.07312 Vasco da Gama-Yesvantpur one-way express special will depart from Vasco da Gama at 2.30pm on September 18, and arrive at Yesvantpur at 5.15am on September 19. En route, the one way express special will arrive/depart at Margao at 3.15pm/3.20pm; Sanvordem-Curchorem at 3.28pm/3.30pm; Colem at 4.05/4.10pm; Castle Rock at 5.05/5.17pm and thereafter pass through Londa jn, Dharwad, Hubli, Haveri, Ranibennur, Davangere, Birur, Arsikere, Tiptur and Tumkur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441302", "title": "Manuu students stage dharna for a union", "text": "HYDERABAD: Around 600 students of the Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu) staged a dharna on the university campus on Monday demanding that they be given permission to form a student union.The protesters who were from different streams locked the university main gate from inside from 12 noon to 2 pm and assembled in front of the administrative building and demanded that vice-chancellor Mohammad Miyan look into their long pending demand of forming the union immediately. The students alleged that the university was stalling the constitution of the union for the past four years in spite of there being provisions for the same. The protesting students said that the student union would enable them to liaise with university officials to get work done smoothly such as getting better facilities in hostels. They questioned that if the staff could have a union of their own, why couldn't they.According to Manuu administrative staff, the VC promised students that he would look into their demands and take necessary steps to resolve the issues raised by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441382", "title": "Unfazed K Chandrashekar Rao stays put in Delhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: UPA's cold response to his plea for an announcement on Telangana notwithstanding, TRS chief K Chandrashekar Rao on Monday decided to sojourn in Delhi for four more days. Sources close to him said KCR was still hopeful of a positive response from the Centre on the separate state issue and that the ball was in Sonia Gandhi's court. What raised the TRS chief's hopes was the Congress core committee meeting held in the evening where it was believed that the Telangana issue figured. The presence of Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi at the meeting fuelled speculation that the issue was discussed.KCR, who arrived in the national capital on September 5 ostensibly to attend the Parliament session as part of his pursuits for the separate state, had a series of meetings with senior Congress leaders and was expected to return to Hyderabad on Monday. However, with nothing happening on the T front, he decided to stay put in Delhi as a section of Congress leaders have assured him of persuading Sonia to meet KCR and take a positive decision on the matter.But time is running out for KCR as Telangana activists are gearing up for 'Chalo Hyderabad', a mega protest led by Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC) slated for September 30, and his party is yet to come clear on the necessity of the agitation demanding a separate state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444164", "title": "State may reinstate Phatak and Vyas", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven months after their suspension, the state government is considering reinstating IAS officers and Adarsh accused Jairaj Phatak and Pradeep Vyas. \"A high-level review committee, headed by chief secretary J K Banthia, has recommended to the government that the two be reinstated . Now it is for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to take a final decision,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Monday.According to the bureaucrat , the review committee took into consideration the legal aspects of the duo's suspension and felt that continuation of their suspension was not justified. \" The All India Service (discipline and appeal) Rules are very clear. An officer's suspension beyond a certain period has to be justified or the aggrieved person can approach a court to have his/her suspension revoked. In the present case, the CBI has submitted a chargesheet against the two before the sessions court but not to the state government. As no departmental probe is pending against Phatak and Vyas, we will have no option but to reinstate them,\" he said. The bureaucrat said the state government has sought information from the department of personnel and training on whether the CBI has submitted a copy of chargesheet to it.Meanwhile, Phatakand Vyashave made representations to the government, saying their suspension was \"bad in law\" .A special CBI court on Monday adjourned the hearing in Adarsh scam to October 8. The court said it will take cognizance of the chargesheet filed in July only after the Bombay high court decides on the jurisdiction issue. The state government and the society had filed applications in the high court questioning the CBI's jurisdiction in probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442337", "title": "Bag with Rs 8 lakh \u2018snatched\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Commotion and confusion prevailed in the Feroze Gandhi market on Monday when two employees of a share brokerage firm claimed that men on motorcycle snatched Rs 8 lakh from them. The reported incident occurred around 12.30pm but police said there was variation in the statements of the employees and they were still investigating the matter.Division no. 5 SHO Nirmal Singh said they received information that Rs 8 lakh had been snatched from Sukhwinder Singh and Rahul Verma. Both work in a share brokerage firm owned by R K Verma. He said the incident reportedly occurred near a private bank, where the two were going to deposit the money. \"They said two men, one sporting a turban, came on a motorcycle and pulled away the bag containing the cash. However, initially, the two claimed that Rs 5 lakh were snatched but they later stated that the bag had Rs 8 lakh. The variation in the statement raises our suspicion,\" the SHO said.Additional deputy commissioner of police (zone 3) Joginder Singh said he had visited the site.\"It's a very busy road and it seems unlikely that the miscreants could have escaped so easily,\" he said, adding, \"The brokerage firm employees informed us 40 minutes after the incident. That, too, raises our doubt about why they did not call police immediately.\"He said the owner of the company told police that his employees were carrying Rs 8 lakh for depositing in the bank.While Rahul had been employed in the firm for two years, Sukhwinder had joined a few months ago, the cop said. \"The matter seems a bit fishy so they are verifying it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16443328", "title": "Suicide by family: Arrest warrants against ex-SSP, DSP", "text": "AMRITSAR: Chief Judicial Magistrate has issued arrest warrants against two police officers for their alleged role in the suicide of five members of an Amritsar family in 2004.Five members of the family of Hardip Singh, including his wife Romi, his mother Jaswant Kaur and sons Imran and Sanmeet, residents of Mohni Chowk, had committed suicide on the night of September 30, 2004. Before taking the extreme step Hardip Singh had inscribed the reason on the wall of the room, which included allegations against, former Amritsar senior superintendent of police Kultar Singh.CJM Ranjit Kaur has directed Kultar and Hardev Singh, the then SHO and now deputy superintendent of police, Zira, to appear before the court on November 12, 2012.Police had registered a case under sections 306 (abetment of suicide) and 388 (extortion by threat of accusation of an offence punishable with death or imprisonment for life, etc) of the IPC.The Punjab Human Rights Organization (PHRO) led by Justice (retired) Ajit Singh Bains had conducted an independent inquiry which blamed the cops for not conducting a fair inquiry and tampering with the suicide note besides demanding illegal gratification from the family.Disappointed by the police investigations, PHRO principal investigator Sarabjit Singh Verka moved a criminal complaint under sections of the IPC with section 7/13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act before the illaqa magistrate, against Kultar Singh, Hardev Singh, Jaswinder Singh and Manmohan Singh , relatives of Kultar Singh. Former Congress MLA's name also figured in the incident.''The police deliberately omitted the allegations against Kultar made in the suicide note that had compelled them to commit suicide. The matter came to the light during the inquiry, but the local police presented an incomplete challan in the court without citing the role of Kultar in the case,\" stated the complaint by PHRO.Verka alleged that police had deliberately wiped the suicide note from the wall. He said first the inquiry was conducted by IG Jasminder Singh, but when it was near completion, it was transferred to IG Hardeep Singh Dhillon. \"Our investigations found that police was under pressure to hush up the case,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16442523", "title": "GSAT-10 launch put off to Sept 29", "text": "BANGALORE: The launch of communication satellite GSAT-10 has been put off by a week, most probably to September 29, said Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan here on Monday. The earlier launch date was Sept. 22.He added the exact time and date of launch would be decided after final reports on the mission are submitted on September 19.\"The air hose connecting the launch pad and vehicle had a leak. We're checking if dust particles have gone into the sensors or sticking to the critical moving part,\" said Radhakrishnan.The communication satellite, which is to be launched by carrier rocket from Kourou, French Guiana, would carry 30 transponders, including 12 in Ku band, along with a GAGAN (GPS Aided GEO Augmented Navigation) payload. The total mission cost is around Rs 750 crore.Sources close to the project said GSAT-10 will have a minimum operational life of 15 years and augment the growing need for transponders and provide communication services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442090", "title": "Gopalgarh will cost Congress dearly: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP's national spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain on Monday claimed that the Congress in the state will have to pay a heavy price for the Gopalgarh violence.Interacting with media persons at the state headquarters while on a two-day trip to the state, Hussain said that the people had neither forgotten the incidents of Bhagalpur or Meerut. \"Nor have they forgotten the Gopalgarh incident here and the Congress should stop politicising the issue. The ruling party will pay a heavy price for the incident,'' said Hussain, replying to the query with regard to Gopalgarh violence, where 10 persons were killed in police firing following a communal clash.The national spokesperson lashed out at the UPA for the recent hike in the diesel and LPG rates along with the controversial coal block allocations. \"The coal in the country was on fire and the Congress poured diesel into it and as if that was not enough, further added gas into the fire. And then came the FDI in retail sector,'' said Hussain, inter-connecting the issues. He claimed that the Congress should have immediately cancelled the allocations of coal blocks immediately.Hussain strongly criticised the Centre's decision to approve FDI in retail and claimed that though the UPA has assured that all parties would be taken into confidence over it, the allies too were not taken into confidence while taking the decision. He, however, held the allies equally responsible. \"The allies should not just restrict themselves to making protest statements but rather withdraw support. They cannot enjoy being in power even as they make the show of being in opposition,'' he said, adding that approving FDI in retail is a decision taken against the citizens of the country.Responding to queries about BJP states not in favour of competitive bidding for coal blocks, he said that a state was bound to take decisions according to its policies. \"However, the states only give an opinion and do not have a say in the final decision making,'' he said.Reacting to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's statement saying it was better to remain silent, Hussain said that the PM does not have the right to remain silent. \"As the leader of the country, he and his party is accountable and rather than roaring over issues like hike in diesel prices and FDI, he should speak about the corruption issues like coalgate,'' said Hussain. Over Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's remarks about people having forgotten the Bofors scandal, he said, \"The Congress might have a weak memory, the people of this country don't. Nobody has forgotten anything, Bofors or Quattrocchi and how it was because of weak policies this government that Quattrocchi could not be pinned down.''BJP plans protests in cityThe city unit of BJP on Tuesday would hold protests against FDI in retail, Coalgate and the price hike in diesel, across the city. Members and supporters of BJP would hold dharnas and court mass arrests at 8 places between 11 am and 1 pm in the state capital. Similar protests would be held in the state till September 24 and party's district presidents would hand over memorandums for the president to the respective district collectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442844", "title": "Hawker held for rape", "text": "KOLKATA: A 45-year-old hawker, Narayan Kirtania, was arrested on Monday for raping his daughter's friend. Kirtania, a resident of Joka -II area of Haridevpur police station, has been booked under section 376 of the IPC. The 10-year-old victim was sent for a medical test, said police. Police arrested Narayan Kirtania, a 45-year-old man has been arrested in the charges of sexual assault. Police said Kirtania, a hawker by profession allegedly raped a 10-year-old girl, friend of accused own daughter. Kirtania is a resident of Joka -II area of Haridevpur police station. He has been charged under section 376IPC. Police conducted medical test of the victim girl.Youth falls off terrace: Mohammad Alauddin, a 22-year-old youth, died after falling off the terrace of a two-storied building on Monday afternoon. Probe revealed that Alauddin was flying kites when he slipped. The victim, a resident of Entally's Radhanath Chowdhury Road,was taken to NRS Medical College and Hospital where he was declared dead.Man mowed down by bus: Nasim Ali, 45, was crushed under the rear wheels of a bus at Mullickbazar on Monday evening. Nasim was trying to board a south-bound minibus when he fell down and was mowed down by the rear wheels of the bus. Though the on-duty sergeant intercepted the bus,The bus driver managed to flee. Police suspect Nasim was in an inebriated state. died of a road accident on Monday evening at Mullickbazar. A resident of north range at Karaya, was trying to board a south bound minibus. Suddenly he fell down from the bus and was mowed down by the rear wheel of the bus. Police suspect that the victim was inebriated. The on duty sergeant intercepted the bus, but the driver managed to flee.20-yr-old killed in road accident: A 20-year-old youth Sarfaraz Alam died after his motorcycle collided head on with a south-bound vehicle at Khanna crossing in north Kolkata on Monday afternoon. Police said Alam, a resident of Narkeldanga, was heading towards Shyambazar when the accident happened. He was taken to RG Kar Medical College where he succumbed to his injuries. The killer vehicle managed to flee.Man found hanging: A 45-year-old man was found hanging from the ceiling of his Maniktala residence on Monday morning. Police said Debaprasad Satpathi was an employee of a factory at Kamarhati and was depressed for the past few days. Police ruled out any foul play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16441980", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority has no funds to check encroachments", "text": "JAIPUR: A recent high court order has got the Jaipur Development Authority go on a drive against illegal constructions in the Amanishah Nullah, but so far the civic body has no clue on how it to keep this dry riverbed clear of future encroachments.On paper, the JDA has a plan to check encroachments of the nullah's catchment area. The required fund to execute that plan, however, is missing.According to sources, in 2010, the appointed consultant company, SPAN, has submitted a report to conserve the nullah. However, due to paucity of funds, it was shelved. Even today, the situation is more or less same and the authorities will not be able to construct kucchi and puboundaries in the nullah.\"In the report it was estimated that approximately Rs 410 crore will be required to conserve the nullah and construct boundary wall and metal fencing of nullah. However, the work was not attended due to paucity of funds.\"\"Even now it is not possible for the JDA to conserve the nullah and the JDA will send a proposal to the state government seeking funds,\" said sources.To make the 42 km long nullah encroachment-free , the consultant company in its report had proposed to construct 11.5 km puccha wall from Raval Ji dam to Gujjar ki Thadi , while from starting point to Raval Ji Dam and from Gujjar Ki Thadi to Gonair it was proposed to erect metal fencing. \" Calculating the velocity of water at maximum five meter per second, construction of a 25 metre wide and 1.5 metre concrete wall is proposed in 11.5 km . In the remaining part of nullah, fencing was proposed, \" said an official. It is also proposed to construct a 42 km long maintenance road on either side of nullah and to plant trees to stop encroachment.JDA is carrying out an anti-encroachment drive at the catchment area of the nullah to widen it to 210 feet after directions from the high court. \"The centerline is being determined. However, on either sides demarcation work is not been done, inviting encroachments in near future,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445610", "title": "Parambrata headed for Hollywood", "text": "Seven months after Kahaani, the Bengali actor has been signed by Oscar winner Jeffrey D Brown for SoldAfter a sensitive performance in Kahaani, Bengali actor Parambrata Chatterjee is making headway in his film career in a slow and steady manner.The actor has been roped in by Oscar winner Jeffrey D Brown for his film titled Sold based on child trafficking. Brown was in Kolkata last week to officially sign Parambrata. Set in Nepal and Kolkata, Sold will feature a 13-year-old Nepali girl who becomes a victim of the flesh trade. It is also expected to star Naomi Watts as one of the lead actors.And, seven months after Sujoy Ghosh's thriller, Parambrata is also set to sign his second Hindi film, a remake of the 2011 Malayalam blockbuster Traffic. Rajesh Pillai will direct the Hindi version as well, to be produced by Endemol. We hear Ajay Devgn will play a superstar while Parambrata will be seen as cardiac surgeon Dr Abel.Sources reveal Parambrata will be flying into Mumbai later this week to finalise the deal. \"He is also in advanced talks with UTV for a Nikhil Advani film,where he will co-star with Abhishek Bachchan ,\" they say.When contacted, Parambrata refrained from comment saying, \"I am not supposed to talk about my projects until they're officially announced by their producers. Butyes, I was in no hurry to sign another Hindi film after Kahaani. Besides, I was out of the country for quite some time.Asked about his next film with Ghosh, he admits it is on the cards but adds it is still a long way off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16440794", "title": "Give Telangana, 15 mantris write to Sonia Gandhi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fifteen ministers belonging to Telangana including deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarsimha on Monday dashed off a letter to party president Sonia Gandhi , urging her to grant a separate state instead of resorting to sops like appointing a Telangana chief minister or announcing an economic package for the region.The 15 signatories included all the ministers from the region except Danam Nagender and Mukesh Goud. The two ministers - hailing from Hyderabad - are T-neutral and have never been part of the T-group in the Cabinet.The letter was written to Sonia on the day that PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana was forced to postpone the state party plenary session scheduled for September 23 after the Telangana leaders said they will not sit jointly with party MPs and MLAs from Seemandhra region on the grounds that they are vehemently opposing the creation of Telangana. The letter urged the party president to announce the decision on T at the earliest .BC welfare minister Basavaraj Saraiah told the media that the Telangana issue is a special case. \"The people of the region have been fighting for a separate state for the past several decades. Therefore, alternative packages or sops will not help,\" the minister said. A copy of the letter has been sent to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad, senior leader Vayalar Ravi and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi, he added. When asked about Nagender and Mukesh not being a signatory to the letter, Saraiah said that they will write separate letters to the party president.According to sources, the letter is a prelude to a reported plan of the region's MPs and MLAs to call on Sonia as a delegation in Delhi in the coming days and repeat the request made through the letter. Despite writing the letter, the T leaders were not hopeful that any forward movement would take place on the separate state demand. \"The utterances by Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi on the T demand have not been positive. However, we cannot give up on the demand,\" one minister said.There were intense speculation that the Centre would go all the way to placate T- protagonists by acceding to all their demands - save grant of a separate state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "16442839", "title": "Parents hack girl for loving boy from 'low' caste", "text": "NADIA: Parents of a Class X student dragged their girl out of her lover's house early on Monday morning and hacked her to death for continuing with the relationship they vehemently opposed. Neighbours rushed to rescue the girl but by the time she was freed from her parents, uncle and elder brother, it was too late. She died on the spot.The murder in Karkaria village under Nakashipara police station has raised a whiff of honour killing as the parents were opposed to their girl's affair because her lover belonged to an \"inferior\" caste.It is learnt that the 17-year-old girl, Mampi Ghosh, was having an affair with a boy next-door, over the last three years. Her lover, 20-year-old Sanjay Dey, works as a daily labourer. Right from the beginning, Mampi's father Swashan Ghosh, mother Chhaya, uncle Manik and brother Balaram resisted her from mixing with Sanjay.But going against her guardians' will, Mampi eloped with Sanjay three months back. But her parents managed to catch the duo on the run from Bethuadahari. They forcibly brought Mampi back home and lodged a complaint of kidnapping against Sanjay. Police arrested him on the basis of the complaint. Sanjay spent two months in jail custody and is out on bail at present.Meanwhile, Mampi's parents sent her to her uncle's house at Bhebodanga village, adjacent to Karkaria, to keep her away from Sanjay. However, on Monday morning, Mampi fled from her uncle's house and went straight to Sanjay's house. When Swashan and others at Mampi's house got to know about it, they went straight to Sanjay's house and in a fit of rage, dragged Mampi to the road and hacked her.\"They also had a plan to kill Sanjay. But Sanjay and the other members of his family managed to escape. They were opposed to the affair as they considered Sanjay to be from a low caste,\" said Nimai Sarkar, a panchayat member of the village.Police have arrested the victim's mother soon after the incident. She would be produced in Krishnagar court on Tuesday.\"An FIR was lodged in Nakashipara police station against four persons - the victim's parents, uncle and elder brother. Police have started an investigation. We have already arrested her mother and a search is on to nab the rest of the accused,\" said Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra.The incident has shocked the villagers. A police picket was deployed in Karkaria village to avoid any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442122", "title": "EC looking at November polls for HP, Gujarat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kicking off the exercise to finalise assembly poll dates for Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh, the Election Commission has requested the home ministry for around 60,000 central paramilitary personnel to watch over elections in the two states. The EC, according to sources, is looking at polls in Himachal in the first half of November but is still debating if the Gujarat poll should be held in the same timeframe or scheduled later in November or early December.The EC's request for central forces for the two states was conveyed at a meeting between the commission and home secretary R K Singh on September 14. The extent of forces requested is on the lines of the numbers deployed in the last assembly poll in 2007. The MHA is currently reviewing the availability of forces and is expected to revert to the commission soon. The poll dates will be finalized depending on the forces put at EC's disposal.In 2007, Himachal polls were staggered over two phases on November 14 and December 19, while Gujarat polled in two stages on December 11 and 16. The month-long gap between the Himachal phases was kept to enable early polling in the snow-prone regions of Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur and Bharmour, even as polling in the rest of the state was clubbed with Gujarat.This time, there is a near unanimous demand from the political parties in Himachal for a single-phase poll, preferably before November 15. The view placed before EC is that the weather would be most conducive for polling in the first half of November, when the harsh winter would not have set in.EC sees merit in the parties' demand. Unlike in 2007, when its decision to advance polls in the state by nearly four months -- the tenure of the then assembly was expiring only on March 9, 2008 -- had raised questions, the commission sees no issue now in holding the poll in November.Though the tenure of the Gujarat assembly expires only in January, EC is looking at the second half of November as the likely timeframe for the state poll. Article 324 of the Constitution empowers the EC to hold polls to the assembly or the Lok Sabha up to six months before expiry of their terms.EC will most likely announce polls in early October. While working out the poll dates, it will take into account festivals such as Navratri in Gujarat and Dussehra in Himachal Pradesh. Dussehra is celebrated over five days of festivities in the Kullu region.According to a Congress leader, the Himachal polls could be timed between Dussehra, which falls on October 25, and Diwali on November 13. \"The polling may be held even a few days ahead of Diwali,\" said a senior party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445554", "title": "Priyadarshan gives in to Akshay Kumar's plea", "text": "Akshay Kumar's OMG Oh My God and Priyadarshan's Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal (KDM) are slated for a September 28 release and producers of KDM have been inundated with 'requests' from the other camp to postpone release.Interestingly, KDM director Priyan, who happens to be a close friend of Akshay, seems to have fallen in line with the postponement persuasion plan. And the latest is Anil Agarwal , a close associate of Ponty Chadha, whose company is the worldwide distributor of OMG, called the KMD producers with a 'very serious request' to postpone the film's release.\"Mr Agarwal argued that releasing both films on the same day would be detrimental to the projects. The next thing Percept knew, word spread in the industry that KMD 's release was being postponed. But we are very sure we're releasing on September 28,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442820", "title": "CBSE to test students for oral proficiency in English", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has implemented its decision to assess students of Std IX &amp; XI in listening and speaking skills in English from this academic session.To be formally known as Assessment of Speaking and Listening Skills (ASL), the board has provisioned 10% in the total weightage of SA1 and SA2. The ASL for SA1 is to be conducted in the month of September itself.The speaking test will last for a maximum duration of 12 minutes and will be conducted for two students at a time. A single teacher will function as the interlocutor and assessor for both students, and s/he must be an expert in the English subject. The test has been divided into three sections with the first being general introduction.Here, the interlocutor converses with the two candidates with simple questions based on the students' names, place of residence, leisure preferences etc.The second part will be called 'mini presentation' in which students have the choice to pick up a 'role card' or a 'cue card'. Both cards will have a topic written on it and students will be given a minute to prepare and organize their thoughts on paper (to be provided by the school only). After this, students will be given two minutes each to present their ideas.The third part of the test will be pair interaction. Both students are given a verbal or visual stimulus and asked to respond to it with each other for three minutes.In case a student has not been able to speak or has been unable to speak owing to nervousness, the dominance of the second candidate or any other factor, then, the interlocutor may use a minute to give a fresh opportunity to that student.The listening comprehension section tests the candidate's ability to listen for basic interpersonal, instructional and academic purposes. Students will hear a set of recordings of the listening input or listen to a reading of the listening input. Each recording will be played twice and students are not allowed to ask questions or interrupt the teacher at any point. CBSE says this is crucial since students \"are being tested for listening skills\".After listening to the recording or oral reading, students will be required to answer a set of questions. The test will have four sections and all will be compulsory. A worksheet will be provided to students on which they can write their answers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16442856", "title": "'Gimmicks can compromise pure gaayaki'", "text": "The rich legacy sits easily on this third generation vocalist of Gwalior gharana. Bhuvanesh Komkali, grandson of legendary maestro of Hindustani classical music Kumar Gandharv, says that music may be in his veins yet even an entire lifetime is too short to study and master it. \"I am a full time musician and am training in this genre since the age of 14. But learning and performing are just one area of this art. It requires a lot of study to grasp its splendour,\" he says in a chat with TOI ahead of his performance in the city on Monday at a programme organized by Saptak in memory of Nanasahab Kelkar.A disciple of Vasundhara Komkali and Madhup Mudgal, Bhuvanesh says he is blessed to have been born into an illustrious family. \"But the reach of Hindustani classical music is beyond such legacy. It is a unique world,\" he adds.Thirty four-year-old Komkali says his lineage made it easy for him to get a stage and recognition. \"I have to accept this as a challenge and go ahead and prove to my patrons that I am deserving and capable to carry the name forward,\" he says. The vocalist says his immediate aspirations are to excel in his craft and to get in a younger audience to appreciate this form. \"The methods of propagating Hindustani classical music need to get more innovative. The onus of getting a younger audience also lies with the organizers of shows,\" he feels. Willing to interact with young listeners, he adds, \"I can't change the format of classical music but am ready to explain its intricacies to the younger audience.\"Not the one to take short cuts to popularize classical music, Komkali says music is all about sadhana and riyaz. \"New gimmicks are adopted to remain in limelight. This sometimes ends up in gaayaki getting compromised,\" he says. Lamenting the fact that performing art is not getting sufficient space in the media, the singer feels that new media are hampering the growth of classical artists. \"Today, people hear an artist on the Net or on CD's. They miss on the experience of hearing a live performance. Technology can't give you that real experience of getting wet in the rain. Watching a live performance is akin to that,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16444414", "title": "Finish probe with all angles covered", "text": "The Versova case is an example of how the probe into any unnatural death should not be handled. The frequent flipflops , the police's initial refusal to question the key witnesses, the mother leaving the country and, most importantly, the decision not to preserve the viscera of the victims are all difficult to explain. The probe into the twin deaths must now be completed with urgency without any scope for unanswered questions.The Chougles (including the deceased siblings) and their friends and neighbours , who have been friends in need, deserve it.Related story : Post-mortem draws blank, toxin test holds key", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16444379", "title": "NDRF unit to be set up in Kozhikode soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Union government has initiated steps to set up a unit of the national disaster response force (NDRF) at Kozhikode, said Union minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramchandran on Monday.The minister made the announcement while presiding over the foundation laying function for the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) unit at Peruvannamuzhi in Chakkittapara village.The NDRF unit will be the second one to come up in South India, apart from the existing unit at Arkonam in Tamil Nadu. The Kozhikode unit is being set up in the light of the increasing instances of natural calamities in the state, the minister said. \"We expect that the unit will also cater to the needs of Karnataka as well.\"Chief minister Oommen Chandy, who was supposed to lay the foundation stone, participated in the function via video conferencing from Thiruvananthapuram.The CRPF unit at Peruvannamuzhi will come up in 40 acres of land provided by the state government.Revenue minister Adoor Prakash was the chief guest at the function. NDRF director general P M Nair delivered the keynote address. K Kunhahammed Master, MLA and additional director general of CRPF, P Valsa Kumar spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441329", "title": "Granite scam: Investigators open officials\u2019 bank lockers", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) sleuths on Monday went to 12 nationalised banks across the state to open the lockers of some IAS officers arrested in the granite scam.A police team, led by deputy superintendents of police, went to Allahabad Bank in Mogappair, where IAS officer C Kamaraj has a bank account and a locker. Another team went to the Central Bank branch in T Nagar, where IAS officer N Mathivanan has an account and a locker.Police visited the other 10 banks and gave a request to the bank managers to open the lockers in front of the officials named in the FIRs. Police said some of the bank officials permitted the police teams to open the lockers and few others asked the teams to come back on Tuesday morning. \"We have collected cash and gold from the lockers, apart from several documents relevant to the case,\" a police officer said.The DVAC on Saturday conducted raids in 34 places across the state and lodged cases against two senior IAS officers for aiding granite companies accused in the multi-crore illegal quarrying scam. IAS officers C Kamaraj and N Mathivanan have been booked under the Prevention of Corruption Act and for criminal conspiracy and forgery.At least 21 serving and retired government officials and nine people who owned or were related to the owners of granite firms accused in the scam have come under the DVAC scanner. Under the coordination of DVAC superintendent K A Senthil Velam, teams raided 18 places in Madurai, six in Chennai, two each in Salem and Coimbatore and one place each in Virudhunagar, Karur, Trichy, Tuticorin, Ramanathapuram and Kanyakumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442774", "title": "Magnetic lamps to light up Putharikandam maidan soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Hardly two weeks into the installation of magnetic lamps along the stretch in front of Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple, the corporation has decided to light up the Putharikandam maidan also. The magnetic lamps will be installed in addition to the six high-mast lamps that were installed by the civic body in June.\"The magnetic lamps are proving to be highly energy-efficient. We will install the same lights at Putharikandam maidan as part of renovating the ground,\" said chairman of work standing committee V S Padmakumar. The corporation officials will also bring in two more lights which will give a wider and higher beam of luminance.The first set of lamps were installed at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore. A team of corporation officials is likely to visit Chennai to reach an agreement with a company for the supply of more magnetic lamps. Meanwhile, the officials said that nearly 70% of the renovation of the ground has been completed.The project, which is being undertaken at a cost of Rs 6 crore, has completed the construction of an open stage, ticket counter and a walkway along the boundary.\"Now, we will landscape the entire ground measuring 3.39 acres and will be laid with inter-locking tiles. Water logging has been a major problem here and we are planning a sideways drainage to take away the rain water,\" said Padmakumar.As per the project the entire maidan will be converted into a green spread which will be fenced and equipped with a walkway.The corporation has already planted a nakshatra vanam at Putharikandam. Besides, paddy cultivation is also undertaken in a small portion of the acreage. The area, which will be laid with tiles, will be retained as open space for hosting public meetings and exhibitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443642", "title": "Healing burns sans proper facilities at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital", "text": "INDORE: Following the Sendhwa bus fire incident last year, the chief minister had expressed desire to make available the best burn treatment facilities in the region for the people. But even after a year has passed, nothing much has been done in this regard. The burns unit at the state-run Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH), which sees almost 50-60 patients in a month, is still waiting for the government nod to establish state-of-art-infrastructure for the benefit of patients and staff.A detailed project report of the proposal to equip the unit with world-class facilities was sent nearly five months back but got stuck in procedural walls. The report was prepared after the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan visited the hospital last year to see the patients who suffered burn injuries in the Sendhwa bus fire incident.\"We have sent the proposal report to the government. We are waiting for its nod to the project, which costs nearly Rs 4 crore. If approved, the MYH burns unit will turn the best in the whole central India,\" said Dr Sachin Verma, assistant professor and plastic surgeon at MYH burns unit. Dr Verma had left a plum job of Rs 2 lakh per month to see the burns unit functioning at the hospital.He said, \"I am an alumnus of the college, and want to see the hospital improve. One should not just hanker after money.\"Currently, the unit has five beds in ICU and 10 other beds. The numbers are likely to increase if the proposal is approved. Staff of the hospital believe that the facilities would be bettered with the increase in strength of ward boys, sweepers and security guards.Meanwhile, according to sources, the hospital authorities have once again asked the burns unit staff about its requirements recently.Dr Verma said, \"With the availability of facilities like ventilator, central oxygen and suction machine, multi-para monitor and ABG machine treatment of patients can be dealt with much more efficiently.\"Healing burns without facilitiesVentilatorsCentral supply of oxygen and suction on each bedMulti-para monitorABG machineAir conditionersLack of class IV employees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443221", "title": "3 juveniles attack 2 Apna Ghar staff members", "text": "PANAJI: Apna Ghar is once again in the news for the wrong reasons. Three juvenile inmates were involved in a violent incident in which a counselor and a matron sustained injuries.Superintendent cum probation officer of Apna Ghar Pramilla Fernandes, in her complaint to the Old Goa police, said that on Saturday at 5.30pm, three juveniles, in conflict with law, assaulted counselor Allan Mascarenhas with a tube light and manhandled matron Sanjeevani Desai. Mascarenhas received injuries on his forehead.The case has been registered under Section 353 read with IPC (assault or criminal force to deter public servants from discharging their duties).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16444354", "title": "\u2018Ensure 30% green cover in key tourism spots\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Stressing on the need to ensure that the green cover of the state is not compromised for development purposes, former state tourism secretary and current MD and CEO of Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMICDC) Amitabh Kant has called upon the state to declare certain areas as sensitive tourism zones. These include the backwaters, Munnar, Fort Kochi and Kovalam.\"At least 30% of the area in these zones should remain green,\" he said during the three-day Emerging Kerala meet that concluded on Saturday.A decade ago, Kant was instrumental in making the state a global brand in tourism. \"When I was in Kerala, we had drafted the Conservation and Preservation Act, which was approved but never implemented. If Kerala loses its green cover, it will lose its tourism edge as well,\" he said.On more and more high-rise buildings coming up in the state, he said, \"Kerala can go vertical but before that we have to ensure high livability.\" He drew parallels with countries like Singapore and Hong Kong for this.Lauding the state's move to launch Metro, he said, \"Metro is a good beginning and you need to take it to Kozhikode and Thiruvananthapuram. Once the infrastructure is in place, cities can go vertical.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15073979", "title": "What your social networking photo says about you", "text": "What does your photo on social networking sites reveal about your personality?So you thought your social networking page is the ideal way to portray a larger-than-life image? Then, it's time to do a recheck. An intimate photograph on your social networking site or gothic art can actually speak a thousand words about the deep recesses of your mind. We spoke to psychologists to find out what your cyber behaviour reveals about your personality.The frequent DP changers \"People who keep on changing their profile pictures are insecure, lack in confidence and are often very flippant in their decisions. Such people are also found to be suspicious and don't trust others easily. Some even show traits of split personality and always remain dissatisfied with their decisions,\" said psychologist Amool Ranjan. \"This trait shows that a person is suffering from identity crisis and actually wants to explore himself in the views of others. They are also attention seekers,\" said another psychologist Kaptan Singh Sengar.Those with pictures of celebrities Said Ranjan, \"It shows that the person is carefree. Such people like to idolize others and are not too successful in life. They are not confident and often seek other's opinions. They are introvert and are hesitant in disclosing their personal matters.\" Sengar added, \"Usually such individuals' world is very limited. Their desire and wishes remain hidden somewhere deep within. By uploading someone else's picture, they feel projected. They are dreamers and like to remain in the fantasy world.\"Those who upload intimate photos \"Such people are usually attention seekers and are insecure in their relationships. They suffer from inferiority complex. To conceal it, they try and be more expressive,\" shared Ranjan. Said Sengar, \"This behaviour shows sheer immaturity and urge to seek attention. Such people lack in self esteem and can hardly be trustworthy in relationships. It also shows that they have suffered setback in relationships at some point of their lives.\"Users of slang in status messages Said Ranjan, \"They are frustrated souls who have faced lots of failures and criticism in life. So to compensate that they hurt others by being offensive. They might be weak in their communication skills. They try and make it up by being offensive.\" Another psychologist, Suprakash Chaudhary said, \"It shows the amount of failure they have faced in life. To make up for it, they use social media as the medium to abuse masses at one go without being subjected to legal proceedings.\"Frequent status message changers \"In a bid to sound expressive and extrovert, people keep on updating their status messages. Sometimes they even end up revealing their private lives. But it just shows how much of an inferiority complex the person has. In such a case, the views of others matter more and that shows a lack of self-confidence. Such people are weak in their judgmental abilities. They can never stick to their decisions,\" said Ranjan. Chaudhary said this trait can be seen as part of being defensive. \"Such people believe in saying more but end up doing little. They are bad adjudicators,\" he said.Those always on busy mode Said Ranjan, \"Some people do it purposely. But when it becomes a habit, it shows a person's social withdrawal symptoms. They don't want to interact with people or are only concerned about their own interests.\" On this trait, Chaudhary said, \"Such netizens don't need society's approval. They are not bothered about rules and regulation and live life on their terms. But sometimes the continued ignorance may lead to depression.\"Gothic art as DP Said Ranjan, \"Such people are complex and mysterious. It's very difficult to understand them and that's what they enjoy. They are reserved and don't share too much with people. They try to solve their problems themselves.\" Sengar agreed, saying, \"Though the person might be perfectly alright, they always feel they aren't well. These people are concerned about their physical appearances. That's the reason they often find faults with their health.\"How weird do celebrities get to describe themselves on twitter? We check out...Shekhar Kapoor: I exist because you imagine I doRahul Bose: It's really quite simple. O2 in, CO2 outSonu Nigam: I am Nothing. Nothing Matters. Nothing, is everythingRihanna: Talk that talk in stores now!Maria Goretti: Being super girl, friend, mum, hug giver, star gazer, dragon slayer, muffin maker mary poppins is a tough job, but someones gotta do it.....Mahesh Bhupathi: An Outlier,Twice over!Ashton Kutcher: I make stuff, actually I make up stuff, stories mostly, collaborations of thoughts, dreams, and actions. Thats me.Salman Rushdie: In the immortal words of Popeye the Sailor Man: I yam what I yam and that's all that I yam.Anushka Manchanda: Playback singer, Shkabang-er, performer, musician. Most likely to be distracted by shiny objects, boys on bikes, and chinese food.Vishal Dadlani: Nocturne: ...And the moon plays shadows on the walls of my head....Ali Zafar: Ki jaana mein kon (I know not who/what i am )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16441857", "title": "Design of Greater Noida night safari park to be changed", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The proposed 102-heactare Night Safari Park project of Greater Noida is getting ready for a revamp of its design. With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav taking a keen interest in the project and giving an in-principle approval in May, the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority has written to Singapore-based Bernard Harrison &amp; Company to prepare a fresh Detailed Project Report for the zoo.In 2005, the company's head Harrison, who is a world-renowned zoologist and natural planner, had prepared the plan when Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister. Harrison has been instrumental in setting up night safaris in Singapore and China. But during the five years of the Mayawati regime, the project almost remained shelved.Taking the project to its next step, the Greater Noida Authority officials recently convened a meeting to discuss feasibility of the project to be undertaken under the public private partnership (PPP) model. \"During the meeting, a fresh perspective was presented by our consultants in an attempt to fast-track the proposed project,\" said Rama Raman, CEO, Greater Noida. \"We have asked Bernard Harrison to redesign the Safari project and send it to us with a fresh plan. It has been almost six years since the initial plan was prepared and a lot has changed on the ground, hence the need to remodel the project,\" Raman said.Raman also said that till now, a committee with the Uttar Pradesh chief secretary as its head has been looking into the progress of the project in order to ensure time-bound implementation. The state would contribute land, while investment would be done by the developer that will be selected through a bidding process. The CEO said that since the Greater Noida Authority will play the role of a partner, it will conduct the bidding process once the DPR is finalized and the tendering process is launched.The proposed world-class night safari with closed environment and controlled conditions would be a 'first in India' and second in Asia after Singapore. The night-time zoo will create awareness about environment and ecology, provide a source for recreation to residents and spur tourism in Greater Noida.The project has already received statutory approvals from the Central Zoo Authority and the Supreme Court. No commercial construction or housing would be allowed within the safari area, which is proposed to encompass outdoor natural setting for 40% animals of the Indian sub-continent and 60% from outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441831", "title": "'E-meters are not tamper-proof'", "text": "PUNE: The Pune City Autorickshaw Federation has said that electronic meters are not totally tamper-proof and the state government should allow the installation of mechanical meters. The federation said, \"Installation of electronic meters has almost been made compulsory and the regional transport office does not pass autorickshaws unless such meters are installed.\"The federation has sent a letter to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar saying that several autorickshaw unions in the city and state have repeatedly pointed out that electronic meters are faulty.Baba Shinde, president of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation, said that for instance, the clock timing in electronic meters can be changed by disconnecting power supply to the meter and then restarting it. Electronic meters have an inbuilt system by which passengers are charged half-return fare if autorickshaws run between 12 am and 5 am. Moreover, if the clock is altered any time in the day, the meters will show half-return fares. \"Passengers do not look at the clock timing. They pay the fare as indicated in the meter,\" he said.The federation pointed out another glitch wherein by making certain adjustments, the old fare paid by earlier passengers can also be seen in the electronic meters and the same can be continued for new passengers. Even the waiting charges can be continued, the letter said. \"There have been many disputes between autorickshaw drivers and passengers since the meters are not tamper-proof. Consumer groups have also complained to the federation in this regard,\" Shinde said.There are 45,000 autorickshaws in Pune and of these, 4,000 autorickshaws have electronic meters, the federation said. \"All new autorickshaws have electronic meters, especially since autorickshaw passing is not done if the vehicles do not have electronic meters,\" Shinde said.In November 2011, a technical committee constituted by the state transport commissioner had given its views on electronic meters. It had specified some additional tests and asked meter manufacturers to submit test reports from government-app'roved testing agencies. The meters have been approved despite not complying with some of the tests suggested by the committee, the federation added.Incidentally, the Hakim committee, appointed by the state government to look into the issues of autorickshaw fares, has recommended to the state government that electronic meters should be made compulsory in Pune by December 2013. The committee observed that a very large number of autorickshaws across the state are operating with mechanical meters and, in some cases, without any meters at all. \"This is a subject on which there is considerable resentment and dissatisfaction, justifiably so, among the passengers,\" said the report. The committee observed that tampering of meters - both mechanical and electronic - and use of bogus tariff cards leads to cheating of passengers. Such practices are adopted by a small minority of autorickshaw operators and it will not be fair to castigate the whole community, a vast majority of who want to earn a living by fair and decent means, the report said. Autorickshaw unions have to take a leading role in the campaign to root out such serious malpractices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443087", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi near, veggie prices dear", "text": "PANAJI: Ganesh Chaturthi demands as expansive spread of vegetarian delicacies and it is no surprise that prices have shot up in the run-up to the festival. The hiked prices have made grocery shopping an expensive affair not only for those celebrating the festival, but for other households too.On the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi, the Panaji market was abuzz with activity even at the otherwise dull hours for the vegetable market at around 3pm. The demand for a wide variety of vegetables during the festival has seen the market overflowing with regular as well as some exotic types of veggies.Pumpkins, cucumber, ladyfinger and beetroot seem to be the hottest selling items for most vegetable vendors. However, cucumber, which was priced at 20 per kilo a few days ago, is now being sold for as much as 30-40. The same goes for beetroot. Besides cucumber, ridged gourd has doubled since the last few days from 20-24 to 40 per kilo and ladyfinger has gone from 30 per kilo to as much as 40 per kilo. Even pumpkins have become more expensive at 24-40 as against 16-20 per kilo even as prices in Ponda hit 50 per kilo. Elephant foot yam (suran) prices have also increased sizably from 50 to 60-80. French beans have jumped from 24 to around 50 per kilo.The prices of potatoes, tomatoes, onions and brinjals remain more or less the same. Even certain fruits will be a little harder on buyers' wallets. Pomegranates have gone from 120 per kilo to around 140-150, while bananas are sold for as high as 60 per dozen from its previous 40.Though prices may vary between markets, they are still higher than usual. Sellers say that the price rise is inevitable and that there will be a further increase in vegetable and fruit prices during the start of the festival.Shweta Mayenker, a housewife, said, \"The price of everything is going up. What difference does it make?\" She added, \"It will limit our choice a bit, especially the quantity of food to be prepared. But after all these years one should have a strategy to deal with it. If you don't, you can always have food at your neighbour's house.\" Buyers complain that a rise in vegetable prices makes it difficult for them to buy many vegetables. They often face financial problems as they utilize their income to buy other decorations for the festival.It does not deter all of them, as was evident from the maddening rush at the Panaji market. \"What can we do? Ganesh Chaturthi is one of our main festivals. But we don't spend so much every day, so once in a while it is okay,\" said Parab Chodankar, a man who had come along with his family to buy fruits and vegetables. \"It may be a little more than what we planned to spend but we are not going to let it stop us.\"Along with the vegetables, prices of flowers have also shot up. Roses which cost 120 for 20 are now for nothing less than 150, while shevanti and aster are sold for 100 per kilo from their previous 100 and 80 respectively. Even marigold prices have increased to 50 per kilo as against their previous 40.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441423", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy rules out resolution on Telangana in Assembly", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Monday ruled out moving a resolution on Telangana in the state Assembly. Speaking to the media in his chamber in the Assembly after the adjournment of the House for the day, the chief minister said moving a resolution on Telangana would only harm the T-cause.\"The MLAs are divided on regional lines. So, getting the nod of the House for Telangana resolution is very difficult as the MLAs from other regions are not in favour of Telangana,\" the CM said. \"If we move a resolution, it is bound to get defeated,\" he said, adding that he had no plans to move such a resolution. \"It is a sensitive issue which needs to be resolved immediately. The Centre is on the job. There is no option for us but wait till the Centre takes a decision,\" the chief minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16443682", "title": "Noon meal worker who follows soothsayer's advice loses job", "text": "COIMBATORE: A newly employed noon meal worker who had moved in with her relative based on the advice of an astrologer, lost her job as she was not available at home when officials came to inspect her residence.M Saraswathi who had just joined as a noon meal worker at the Panchayat Union School in Aandipalayam at Annur on August 28 lost her job within three days as she was not at home in Kakkampatty Pirivu in Annur. Her husband P Mayilsamy, a labourer, said that they were staying at a relative's house near her workplace. \"An astrologer had advised us not to stay at home,\" he said. They had approached the soothsayer with questions pertaining to their 2-year-old younger daughter.\"My mother had passed away sometime ago. The soothsayer said it was not auspicious to stay at home for a while. Therefore, we were staying at a relative's place,\" he said. The soothsayer had warned of bad luck if they continued to stay at their home.Mayilwsamy and his wife met district collector M Karunagaran and submitted a petition requesting another inspection. Karunagaran promised to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16442812", "title": "He braves the rough sea with hands and feet tied", "text": "KOLLAM: He braved the rough waves of the Arabian sea with his hands and feet tied to rewrite his own record. Ace swimmer R Ratheesh swam the two kilometer stretch of the Arabian Sea from Tangasseri pulimuttu to the Kollam beach in 44 minutes. He demonstrated the adventurous swimming feat as part of the World Peace Day celebrations organized by the district administration and International People Leap Organization in Kollam on Sunday.According to Ratheesh, the initial phase was a bit laborious because of the rough waves. The strong under current raised challenges, but he picked up nicely on the go. Ratheesh had done a similar stunt in 2002 by jumping down from the Neendakara Bridge and swimming to Sakthikulangara coast successfully with his hands and feet tied which earned him the first entry into the Limca Book of records.Ratheesh has been working as a life guard at Kollam beach for the past six years. Hailing from a poor background, it is his sheer passion for swimming that made him to venture into such adventures.\"It is my brother who gave me the primary lessons in swimming. I haven't got any kind formal training in swimming, but pursue it since it is my passion\" said Ratheesh.Now he is planning to cross the English Channel. \"It is my dream, but to fulfil this task I need some good sponsorship,\" he said. But, he is hopeful that these kind of efforts would bring him sponsors to accomplish his greatest dream.Earlier, district collector P G Thomas inaugurated the adventure swimming by tying the hands and feet of Ratheesh at Kollam port. Then, along with the organizers and media persons he went into the deep sea in a separate boat and jumped into the sea. Thousands of people thronged the beach to cheer him when he reached Kollam beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16443335", "title": "Snow brings chill, HRTC suspends buses on Manali-Leh highway", "text": "MANALI: Temperature dropped drastically after snowfall on the higher reaches of Himachal Pradesh - Kullu, Lahaul-Spiti, Chamba and Kinnaur districts. This has caused winter-like conditions here.And, to ensure safety of passengers, Himachal Road Transport Corporation ( HRTC) has suspended services on the Manali-Leh highway. The Lahaul-Spiti police have meanwhile removed its police post from Sarchu, situated at a height of 14,080feet, on the border of Himachal Pradesh and Jammu &amp; Kashmir.SP Lahaul-Spiti Sunil Kumar said: \"It has been snowing on the surrounding peaks and it may happen in Sarchu at any time. Traffic flow on the Manali-Leh highway looks normal for the time being but it's necessary to take preventive measures.\"38-Border Roads Task Force commander Yogesh Nair said intermittent snowfall would not affect vehicular movement but jawans would remain stationed at 16,050foot-high Baralacha Pass to keep an eye on the road conditions.Meanwhile, incessant rain on the mid hills in Manali have triggered landslides at Nehru Kund, thus causing roadblocks. Debris and heavy boulders rolling down on the roads have aggravated risk factors. Chilly nights are forcing people to use room heaters and quilts, while people of Lahaul-Spiti, Pangi, upper Kullu and Kinnaur are busy stocking firewood and hay for winters ahead.Minimum temperature at Keylong in past 24 hours was 11.8 degrees celsius but it was even more cold on high-altitude villages. Kalpa, Manali and Shimla recorded a minimum temperature of 12, 13.2 and 15.2 degrees celsius, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16441953", "title": "Cops \u2018forcibly\u2019 cremate body, arrest family", "text": "JAIPUR: The mysterious death of a hospital patient whose body was found in a park turned murkier on Monday when police allegedly cremated the body without the family's consent, even thrashing the victim's wife and children and dragging them away from the funeral pyre. The family members, who had sat on the pyre to prevent the cremation, were among eight people arrested on Monday for preventing cops from discharging their duty.The arrested members have refused to seek bail, saying they were \"victims not criminals\", and have been sent to Sriganganagar district jail. Police claimed that the family had at first refused to claim the body and then were planning to take it to chief minister Ashok Gehlot's residence in Jaipur, which could have led to a law and order situation.The victim, 52-year-old Prabhunath Singh, a resident of Agrasen Nagar in Sriganganagar, had been admitted to the district government hospital by his family on September 13. \"He had developed some infection in his foot and was unable to walk. He has to be carried to the hospital ward on a stretcher,\" Prabhunath's 15-year-old daughter Neha Singh told TOI. Neha is the only family member not incarcerated so far.The doctor sent the family members home, asking them to come back in the evening.A hospital patient's body was allegedly cremated by the police on Monday without the family's consent in Sriganganagar district. The victim Prabhunath Singh (52) was admitted to a hospital on September 13. \"When my mother Shushila Devi went back in the evening, my father was missing from his bed. The hospital administration pleaded ignorance about his whereabouts. The doctor told her that she should return home and they would inform her if my father came back to the hospital,\" said Neha, the deceased's 15-year-old daughter.Barely 15 minutes after she left, a doctor reportedly caller her and said that Prabhunath's body had been found in a park in the hospital's premises. \"Before my mother could rush back, the body had been put in the mortuary. She and other family members were denied permission to even see my father's body. After much pleading they allowed us a look,\" said Neha.However, SP, Sriganganagar Sanotsh Chalke said the police checked the CCTV footage and \"it shows Prabhunath leaving the hospital on his own.\" The family members alleged that the police carried out the post mortem on Saturday evening without consent of the family members. The officer said that the family members had first said that the post mortem should be conducted by a medical board which is not from the district hospital.\"When we agreed, they said that the board should be from a district other than Sriganganagar. We agreed to that as well, but then they changed their stance and said that post mortem should be conducted at Delhi's AIIMS. Meanwhile, a court ordered the post mortem to be conducted in presence of a magistrate with proper videography. So we followed the court's order,\" said Chalke.The family members alleged that the police suddenly took the body to the funeral centre and set fire to it on Sunday. \"First we were not allowed entry, then I, my mother and sisters were thrashed by male constables when we sat on the pyre. They dragged us away and lit the pyre,\" claimed Neha.She added that they were not allowed to carry out the final rituals properly. \"Even the priest fled after the police's actions,\" said Neha.SP Chalke said that the police had come to know the family members planned take the body to chief minister Ashok Gehlto's residence in Jaipur. \"Rajasthan Police Rules 1965 (6/36) allows the police to dispose a body if nobody claims it. We had sent them three notices to claim the body,\" said the officer.Shushila Devi, her four daughters, Rinku Devi, Rekha Devi, Ranjeeta and Sweta and three others Munna Singh, Rohit and Hemendra have been arrested by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441178", "title": "Rs 35cr granted for Durgam Cheruvu rescue", "text": "HYDERABAD: The picturesque Durgam Cheruvu will soon be restored to its pristine glory as the government on Monday sanctioned Rs 35 crore to take up various structures at the water body.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) had moved a proposal a few months ago in view of serious threat to the tank, which is spread over 83 acres, as untreated sewage is flowing into it from nearby colonies and commercial buildings.The Water Board has estimated that Rs 35 crore would be needed to construct two interception and diversion (I&D;) structures on Madhapur and Silent Valley nalas, formation of ring bund around Durgam Cheruvu, including laying ring main, micro tunneling of pipeline and construction of manholes under phase-I and a sewerage treatment plan (STP) in the downstream of the Mallika Cheruvu under phase-II.After numerous petitions, the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department on Monday issued a GO (No1220) stating \"government after careful examination the proposal, it was decided to accord administrative sanction to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) to take up works proposed under phase-I, at a total cost of Rs 35 crore.\"The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) would share the cost of the project with the former contributing Rs five crore and the APIIC picking up the bill for the remaining cost, the GO said. The government also accorded permission to GHMC to deposit their contribution with the Water Board and it asked the industries &amp; commerce department to instruct managing director, APIIC to release/deposit their share.The Water Board has also proposed to construct a 30 million litres a day (MLD) capacity STP in the downstream of Mallika cheruvu as the existing five MLD STP was not able to take the load. The Water Board needs 10 acre land for construction of the STP.A joint inspection was also made by HMWS&SB;, Ranga Reddy district revenue and Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials five months ago to identify land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443610", "title": "Pothole? Click it and alert Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike", "text": "BANGALORE: Are you fed up of potholes in the city? Just click a photo of one with your smartphone and upload it on the BBMP website. The online portal to address this issue will be rolled out by the Palike on November 1.BBMP has come up with an action plan to fix potholes, with the help of GIS-mapping technology. The Palike has joined hands with Karnataka State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (Keonics ) to come up with an application that can be downloaded in Android-enabled mobiles with GIS (geographic information system). This will help in tracing the location from where the photographs have been taken.\"A picture will be taken of that street and pothole through our application, then recorded in our system and a message will be sent to the engineer of that particular ward. BBMP will look into the issue, and later, another photo of the repaired road will be published . We are working on the software,\" said PV Rai, consultant, Keonics.GIVE RESIDENTIAL UNITSBBMP, which made a council resolution in August to add Electronics City under the Palike's ambit, is now asking for residential units in the suburb to be added to its boundary.After Electronics City Industries Association requested the chief minister not to add the area under the Palike , mayor D Venkatesh Murthy asked the government to add at least the residential units to BBMP.\"If not the companies, we should get the residential units of Electronics City within BBMP limits,\" he said. When TOI asked how a physical separation of a suburb can happen , the mayor said he will speak to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16445903", "title": "Woman jumps into well along with son", "text": "THRISSUR: A 28-year-old woman jumped into a well along with her eight-year-old son near Palakkad on Monday.According to the police, the woman was regularly harassed by her husband Ganeshan forcing her to take the drastic step.Palakkad town (north) sub inspector, Sujith MR, said Bindu had taken a 20-gram gold chain from the house where she used to work as maid last week. \"As Bindu was a loyal maid, the owners had given Bindu the key of the house when they were away. When they found the chain missing, they asked her about it. She admitted that she had taken the chain from a shelf and pawned it to clear a debt of Rs 4,000. She had also promised to return the chain in two days,\" said the officer.In the meanwhile, the house owners approached the Palakkad Town North Police Station to file a complaint of robbery against Bindu. Though the police stayed away from the question whether they filed a case against Bindu or not, locals and reliable sources said police officers had come to Bindu's home to investigate the matter.Bindu was asked to return the gold chain on Saturday and settle the issue at the police station. \"However, she did not turn up on Saturday and Sunday. We were expecting her on Monday, but she committed suicide,\" said the sub inspector.Bindu reportedly jumped into the well holding the hands of Akhil and her elder child Gopika (10). However, Gopika miraculously escaped as Bindu lost the grip of Gopika's hand at the last moment while jumping into the well.Police said Ganeshan was a drunkard and used to molest and harass Bindu every day. As Ganeshan never cared about his family, the whole responsibilities of running the home fell on Bindu's shoulders.\"Ganeshan fell ill due to drinking and was hospitalized recently. She had to borrow money from some person to clear the hospital bills. She robbed the gold chain to clear the debts. It is understood that on Sunday night also, Ganeshan had fought with Bindu for long time. It is assumed she ended her life fed up of Ganeshan's torture and unbearable guilt of robbery,\" said Sub Inspector.Meanwhile, the officer admitted that Bindu was a loyal person and there was no complaint against her in the past. \"She had approached about four months ago to complain us about the insistent torture by Ganeshan,\" he recollected. At the same time, police did not reveal whether they had registered a formal complaint against Bindu in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442588", "title": "DDA may renew Taj Palace lease", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Development Authority (DDA) is mulling the option of renewing the lease of Taj Palace Hotel on Sardar Patel Marg for another 25 years or go for an open bidding of the property when the Tata-run Indian Hotel Corporation's (IHC) lease expires on March 31, 2013. DDA sources say %IHC has already expressed its interest in extending %the 30-year-old lease for another 25 years.\"IHC has never defaulted on payment of the lease rental, which is a proportion of their revenue. We are having some dispute on the revenue share as earnings from the shopping arcade and some other streams are not being shared. An arbitration panel under a former chief justice is examining the issue. The report will be out by the time the lease is to be decided. We will take a final call in some time,\" said a DDA source. Under the original agreement, IHC could seek to extend the 30-year lease by another 25 years if there was no dispute on payment.Incidentally, IHC's 33-year old lease for the iconic Taj Mahal Hotel on Mansingh Road granted by NDMC, expired last year and was given an extension. IHC will have to fight for the two landmark properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16442207", "title": "Housewives look up to sun for cooking", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Union Government's decision to limit the number of subsidised liquefied petroleum gas cylinders to six per year for domestic use has not gone down well with the homemakers. They believe it is a blow on a common man's budget. Most of them said they will now resort to an alternative cooking medium to save money.They have strongly opposed this decision saying it will hit ordinary people who are already reeling under the impact of inflation because of increased fuel prices. Renu Singh (46 years), a housewife from Triveninagar, says, \"If the government has to impose this rule, they should limit it to politicians and rich people, who have been misusing the subsidy given so far. A small family needs at least 12 cylinders a year. Cutting this down to six is not fair to middle and low income group families. The only way out of this crisis is adapting to stoves operating on coal, kerosene and electricity. But these alternative fuels are also getting expensive.\"Even as most of them expressed anger and helplessness, some felt it will compel them to use solar energy and electricity operated stoves. Arti Merh (32 years), living near IT crossing, said, \"Observing the trend of unrestricted increase in fuel prices for the past few years, I have already switched to cooking on electrical plates. They consume less power and are efficient. I will look for better options which can help in saving money at the end of the day.\"Some are even looking at cooking just once a day. Working women feel they would cook just one time for the whole day to meet the new challenge posed by the government decision. Naina Chauhan (26 years), resident of Gomtinagar, said she would now spend less time cooking. \"I will cut down on the consumption of tea and coffee and other indulgences. Also, I'll cook just one time for the whole day to keep my other necessary expenses running. I can't afford to spend double the amount on LPG cylinders\", she said.One can certainly not rule out the fact that the new decision will encourage black-marketing of LPG cylinders as one cannot avail of the subsidy after the sixth cylinder. Amita Singh (51 years), living in Vikas Nagar said it is a vicious circle which will impact everyone's monthly budget. She says, \"There will now be a flood of black-marketers and prices will spiral, given the market forces. Since the demand is already high, prices will rise further.\"One could easily sense the angst when TOI probed them for reactions. They have still not been able to understand the logic behind such move. Upma Chaturvedi, a teacher in Premnagar Colony said, \"How can somebody use just one cylinder for two months? It is next to impossible...can the ministers use one cylinder for two months? How could they impose such a rule on us? We are vulnerable and bound to follow their orders, so they take general public for granted. Nobody is happy with this decision.\" She added that the only way out is using solar cookers, which are still cheaper than other mediums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443348", "title": "NMC begins drive to get strays off streets", "text": "NASHIK: Activity at the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC's) cattle pound in Bhadrakali has picked up revivedafter a decadeafter the structure was seemingly abandoned.After attempts to move strays from the streets to the pound in Kondwada failed using a private contractor, the civic body's anti-encroachment department took upon itself the task of catching the animals.The drive, which started on September 12, was inititated at the behest of municipal commissioner Sanajy Khandare. Since then the anti-encroachment department has caught 30 animals, including calves, and has transported them to the Bhadrakali kondwada . that was lying abandoned for more than a decade.This is now a daily ongoing effort.Attempts to restart the kondwada had failed when there was no response to tenders floated bythe NMC last year, for the job of relocating strays to the pound. From September 12 onwards, the anti-encroachment department took the responsibility.\"We have now provided all facilities to the animals at the kondwada including giving them fodder and water. Two employees from the health department look after the animals. Our entire staff of 35 has been deployed for catching the animals at night from all six NMC divisions using anti-encroachment vans. We generally divide the staff and the vehicles in 2-3 teams and carry out the operations in 2-3 NMC divisions at a time,\" said deputy municipal commissioner (anti-encroachment department) Dattatreya Gotise.He added that the staff had encountered difficulties in catching the animals but the move had become the need of the hour with the increase in the number of strays on city roads. increasing number of stray animalson the streets.\"Sometimes even after the rope is tied to the animal it sits down and refuses to budge. In cases like this, it becomes difficult to force the animal to stand and then transport it to the vehicle. I have been with my staff till 2pm to boost their morale, because in such cases, when there is resistance by the animal and opposition by local people the situation becomes difficult to handle,\" Gotise said.The drive to catch stray animals will continue along with other department drives, Gotise added.A senior engineer of the NMC's public works department said that the kondwada had been constructed by the municipal council and was operational till the early 1990s. The anti-encroachment department used to catch and transport the animals while the divisional offices took care of the animals at that time.An official said that due to lack of manpower, this exercise was discontinued. Since the NMC couldn't garner response from private contractors, it is now starting off on the exercise on its own, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442146", "title": "\u2018Had a narrow escape\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Taking the Dugri Road flyover on a rainy day is as good as inviting trouble as the narrow and rough stretch gets muddy.In the four-lane flyover, the descending road, which is supposed to take the load of one lane, is bearing the load of two. The construction of the other lane is underway.Gurdeep Singh, a businessman of Model Town who recently had a minor accident at the problematic road, says, \"The road stretch is dangerous and it was our good luck that we escaped a fatal accident. Authorities should speed up the construction work along the stretch so that we can have a safe drive.\"Executive engineer of public works department Angrez Singh, who is looking after the road construction, says, \"We will get the rocky stretch re-carpeted as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442725", "title": "Man held for wife's murder dies in custody", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 52-year-old man, who was arrested by the Sola police on Sunday in connection with his wife's murder, died at Civil Hospital on Monday morning. Police said that Balaji Solanki, the deceased, was a drunkard and had consumed only liquor after his wife's death. Police are awaiting post-mortem report to know the cause of death.According to police, Solanki, a resident of Rajubhai ni Chali near Jantanagar Crossing, was a construction labourer. His wife Savita alias Savli, 49, also used to go for labour work with him. On Thursday evening, the duo had altercation when Savita refused to give money to Solanki for drinking liquor. Solanki was out of job for some time and Savita and the couple's son, Dipak, working with a catering company, used to run the house.\"On Thursday evening, when the couple fought again, Balaji brandished an axe to scare Savita and later when the altercation escalated hit her on her head and shoulder. The accused escaped after the crime, while the victim was rushed to the hospital,\" said a Sola police official. On Friday night, Savita died due to the fatal injuries after which police charged Solanki with murder on the basis of Dipak's complaint.Officials said that Solanki was heartbroken after the incident and took refuge at a relative's residence in Gota from where police caught him on Sunday. Soon after the arrest, Solanki reported convulsions and froth on the lips and police rushed him to Sola hospital. When his condition worsened, he was rushed to the Civil Hospital.G S Rawal, inspector of Sola police station, said that Solanki was reported dead on Monday morning. \"We got to know that he was heavily drunk when caught. His relatives said that he was drinking constantly for a day without consuming anything else. It might have caused his death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443356", "title": "Muslim panel meets governor with memo on grievances", "text": "PANAJI: A delegation from the association of all Goa Muslims jamaats (AAGMJ) called on governor B V Wanchoo on Monday and submitted a memorandum to him highlighting their grievances regarding a kabrastan (graveyard) and qurbani (animal sacrifice).The delegation led by association president Shaikh Bashir Ahmed told the governor of the need for hygienic venues to organize qurbani (animal sacrifice) on the occasion of Eid-ul-Zuha.Bashir told TOI, \"It is a problem for us to hold the qurbani in Goa as there is no proper place for us to perform the sacrifice.\"Bashir said the delegation has requested the government to provide designated places in major areas of Panaji , Vasco, Mapusa and Margao for the purpose.He said the insistence of authorities asking Muslims to slaughter animals at government meat complexes was not possible logistically and religiously.Bashir said that as the Muslim population has increased and with existing kabrasthans full, the community is facing difficulties in burying their dead.He said a delegation of the association of all Goa muslims jamaats will meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar soon regarding the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16442241", "title": "Toll mounts to 43 in Uttarakhand cloudburst", "text": "DEHRADUN: Rescue workers on Monday found four more bodies pushing the toll after Friday's cloudburst to 43 in Uttarakhand's Rudraprayag district. The toll in two cloudbursts on Saturday rose to 12 after five more bodies were found in Kiranmalla, Timli Badma, Doongershemla and Simbhal villages.Joint teams of army jawans and local administration found the bodies from debris of flattened homes in Kimore, Girija and Manglore villages under the district's Ukhimath tehsil. Seventeen people are still feared trapped in the debris.Brahm Kohli and Prem Nagar in Ukhimath area, too, were partially destroyed as flash flood and landslides after the cloudburst washed away acres of farmland and cattle.Chief Secretary Alok Kumar Jain said nearly 450 residents were homeless after the calamity. They were paid an interim compensation of about Rs 5,040. They are currently living in a relief camp in Ukhimath intermediate college. \"The relief money was distributed to affected families from the Rs 10 crore allocated by the Centre,\" said Jain.A senior IAS officer in Rudraprayag said the government is yet to distribute ex-gratia payment to relatives of the dead. The government announced Rs 3 lakh compensation for relatives of those killed and Rs 1.5 lakh to those critically injured.\"We are yet to identify genuine claimants of the compensation and hope the confusion is resolved in a day or two,\" said Rudraprayag DM Neeraj Kherwal.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi is likely to conduct an aerial survey of ravaged villages to assess the extent of damage in Rudraprayag. She will also fly over Sangam Chatti, Bhatwari and neighbouring areas in Uttarkashi ravaged by flash floods and landslides after an earlier cloudburst on August 4.A senior administrative officer in Dehradun said Sonia will interact with families of those displaced by the calamity in Ukhimath area. \"She will also interact with affected families in Uttarkashi district,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441284", "title": "Gudumba menace at Golconda", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saurabh (name changed), a guide at Golconda Fort, was known to woo tourists with his ready wit and knowledge. A few days ago he met an untimely death, having fallen prey to gudumba which damaged his liver.Local residents are feeling the serious repercussions of the cheap liquor being brewed and sold at the doorsteps of Golconda Fort. The trade continues uncontrolled despite the authorities knowing the whereabouts of the brewers.Much of the liquor sold near Golconda is brewed in a cluster of houses off the Alkapuri road. TOI investigations revealed that the trade has thrived for more than 50 years. The liquor is brewed in houses and stored in containers, some buried, amidst the nearby thickets. The sellers mark their areas with flags. The transporters, mainly children, collect liquor from these spots and manage to sneak out under the green cover. Some cross over into the fort while others sit with their \"wares\" concealed close to the fort road.Mohammed Illyas, a resident of Golconda, observed that the sale of gudumba has increased in recent times. \"Now liquor is brewed every day unlike earlier when it used to take longer to make to make a batch. The network has also spread. There are sale points just a little ahead of the main entrance of the fort near Langar Houz,\" he said. Brewers use water from the Ibrahimbagh lake that is highly polluted, locals point out. Urea is also used for quick brewing, making the liquor more toxic.An official of the department of prohibition and excise said that urea, which helps in quick fermentation, affects the kidneys. Brewers often use ammonium chloride commonly known as \"Navsagar\" as it is more cheaply available, he said.Yusuf Khan, another resident of Golconda, said that it is common to find people drunk on the Alkapuri road and near the tombs. \"Those who fall unconscious or even die are robbed. Though the area of the brewers is known to all, the authorities do little to put an end to the menace,\" he said.Golconda inspector Mohammed Waheeduddin, under whose jurisdiction part of the area outside the fort lies, claimed that the thick green cover poses difficulty in raiding the area. \"The vast open land behind Golconda Fort has no proper access route. It is here that most of the activity happens. But we keep a vigil on these people and have prevented any sales points from coming up,\" he said adding that sales happen only through transporters on cycles but not at any permanent location.Station house inspector of the prohibition and excise station of Rajendranagar under whose jurisdiction the area falls, could not be reached for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441704", "title": "Two Mumbai lads for training at Manchester United Soccer Schools", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's Ashish Sharma and Porus Shroff are among the twelve young footballers chosen from India under the Airtel Rising Stars programme for a training stint at the Manchester Soccer Schools in London later this year.In a five-day selection camp held at Bangalore, under the guidance of Manchester United coaches, 52 players received important tips and nuances from Manchester United legend and former England football captain Bryan Robson .Following the camp and a three month-long talent hunt conducted across 16 cities the final dozen were arrived at.The list: Ashish Sharma and Porus F Shroff (Mumbai), Mukul Mohindra (goalkeeper) and Kartikeya Swarup (New Delhi), Russel Lyndoh and Remitri Thama (Shillong), Jijo and Rahul (Kochi), Afdal (Calicut), Krishanu Santra (Kolkata), Teja Pawan Kumar (Hyderabad) and Rushabh Dhere from Pune.Standbys: Mohammad Shafi (goalkeeper; Calicut), Jordan Fernandes (Pune), and Akeraj Martins and Joel Fernandes (Goa).Egyptian Boys score over RoversDefending champs Egyptian Boys got the better of Rovers 2-1 in a league match of 13th Kalina Football League (KFL), organised by the Sports Committee of Our Lady of Egypt Church and played at the church ground.For Egyptian Boys, the goals came through the efforts of Justin Chaklapadth and Sajjad Alam, while Rovers reduced the margin through Larry Kinny.Results: Egyptian Boys 2 (Justin Chaklapadth, Sajjad Alam) bt Rovers 1 (Larry Kinny)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443746", "title": "Seer, MH Ambareesh to join Cauvery protest", "text": "BANGALORE: A seer and an actor-turned-politician , both from Mandya district, have announced support to the proposed Cauvery agitation if Karnataka agrees to release water to Tamil Nadu at the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) meeting on September 19.The stir backers are powerful Vokkaliga pontiff Sri Balagangadharanatha Swami , whose mutt is in Mandya, and former Union minister and actor MH Ambareesh, who has won elections from that constituency. Balagangadharanatha Swami has said he will lead the agitation if Karnataka agrees to release water, signalling trouble for the BJP government.Ambareesh told protesters on Monday: \"Karnataka has always suffered injustice on sharing of Cauvery water. Governments have failed to effectively argue our case. Tamil Nadu has a powerful political lobby and is always favoured . At least this time, the PM should resolve the issue in a justifiable manner.''\"If water is released, it will have serious repercussions. The Centre will be held responsible ,'' the actor said.The opposition, farmers' leaders and pro-Kannada organizations have threatened of dire consequences if water is released to Tamil Nadu.The district Hitarakshana Samiti, led by former MP G Made Gowda, has already passed a resolution to step up the agitation. The Samiti has demanded the resignations of Karnataka chief minister, Union ministers and MPs if the CRA decides against the state's interests.Pressure is building up on the Shettar government. Its negotiating skills will be put to test at the CRA meeting, chaired by the Prime Minister. Protests began soon after the Supreme Court directed the state to release 10,000 cusecs (1.25 tmcft) of water to TN. Mandya district observed a bandh on Saturday.CM: Will convince PMChief minister Jagadish Shettar on Monday said the Karnataka government will convince the Prime Minister that water from Cauvery cannot be released to Tamil Nadu as the state is facing a distress situation due to drought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442794", "title": "34-year-old MP man tests H1N1 +ve", "text": "NAGPUR: Another man admitted in city's Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) tested positive for swine flu on Monday. Ten more samples were sent to Pune for confirming the H1N1 status of the patient.On Friday, GMCH had sent four samples to National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune. Of these, only one sample that belongs to a 34-year-old man from Madhya Pradesh was found to be positive.Since April this year, 11 people have tested positive for the infection. Currently, five patients are undergoing treatment at GMCH Swine Flu ward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16443376", "title": "Haryana discoms for single source connection to societies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As if the recurring power cuts are not enough, the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) are now planning to give another shock to its consumers by introducing single source connection to group housing societies and commercial establishments in the state.The distribution companies have already moved the proposal before the Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC) for its clearance.According to the proposal, the group housing societies, including the cooperative ones, will be provided with a single source connection. The distribution company will check this meter only and give the bill to the housing society. It is the job of the society to collect the money from the house owners and remit it with the distribution firm. Societies will have to divide the amount among the house owners, including the unoccupied ones.This is bound to cause trouble for the societies as power consumption will vary for each house and unoccupied units also will have to shell out power bills in addition to the maintenance charges. At present, every housing unit has a meter and they are charged for whatever power they use.Devender Singh, CMD of both the distribution companies, said the companies hope to bring down the costs by introducing this system. At present, they incur an aggregated technical and commercial loss of Rs 2 per unit (Rs 28 crore daily). According to the proposal, the companies expect to reduce staff and other costs involved in supplying power to the consumers. The firms also argued that power pilferage also can be reduced if the new method is introduced.A hearing on the new proposal will be organised by the HERC at Panchkula on Tuesday. HERC chairman R N Prashar will conduct the hearing, which will be attended by office-bearers of cooperative group housing societies and officials of the distribution firms.The initiative has left the consumers, especially in Gurgaon, Panchkula and Faridabad, fuming. Besides, 400 group cooperative housing societies in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Panchkula, consumers living in group housing projects for government employees and housing projects floated by private builders will also bear the brunt of the new move.\"Imagine the plight of office-bearers of societies who will have to first receive the bill on single source connection and then collect the money from each house,\" said B B Sharma, president of residents welfare association, Sector 20, Panchkula.However, Bhawani Shankar Tripathi, secretary of Mission Gurgaon Development, an apex body of residents' welfare associations, has welcomed the move but asserted that it should not come at any extra cost and distribution companies should provide adequate infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441954", "title": "Chopper ops to be hit for 2 hrs today", "text": "MUMBAI: The secondary runway at Juhu airport will be shut for repairs from Tuesday for six months and flight operations will move to the main runway. But when the bigger, busier, Mumbai airport uses its secondary runway for aircraft landings or take-offs, Juhu airport is likely to suspend all its flight operations. Juhu houses the country's busiest heliport for off-shore operations.\"Every Tuesday and Friday, flight operations at the Mumbai airport are moved to the secondary runway from 2pm to 4pm as repair and maintenance work is carried out on the main runway,\" said an airport source. \"So, helicopters and fixed wing aircraft will not be allowed to operate to or from Juhu during that time. This is because these aircraft will have to use Juhu's main runway and in doing so, they would come very close to the aircraft landing on the secondary runway of the Mumbai airport,\" the airport source added. However, the AAI is yet to issue a formal notice on this.The secondary runway of the Juhu airport, which is operated by the Airports Authority of India (AAI), has been in a poor state for more than a year now. A recent AAI audit report ordered the closure of the secondary runway at Juhu till safety issues are attended to. It set a deadline of Septmeber 18 for closure.Last week, K S Narasimhan, joint general manager, air traffic control, AAI sent two notices (called NOTAM in aviation parlance) to AAI's NOTAM office in Bombay stating the imminent secondary runway closure and the consequent changes it will bring about to Juhu airport operations. However the said office is yet to clear these notices. So though no NOTAM has been issued yet, AAI officials in Juhu have informed helicopter and fixed-wing aircraft operators flying concerned about the secondary runway closure.The problems with Juhu's secondary runway began last year, after a group of AAI officials contended that this runway serves no purpose and can be shut down permanently. Following this, AAI started issuing no-objection certificates to builders to raise the height of buildings that stand in the aircraft approach path of the secondary runway. All along helicopter operators and a few AAI officials fought against the decision and demanded that the secondary runway should be repaired and not de-commissioned. The pilots argued that when Mumbai airport used its secondary runway, they could not land flights on Juhu's main runway as the aircraft landing on both these runways came in close proximity. The only option available to maintain a safe separation between the aircraft landing in both these airports would be for flights to land on Juhu's secondary runway, when Mumbai moves its operations to its secondary runway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442093", "title": "Dubai-bound flyer held with Rs 10L wood", "text": "MUMBAI: The Air Intelligence Unit on Sunday arrested a Dubai-bound passenger with 30kg of agar wood worth Rs 10 lakh. The man was carrying the wood in his check-in luggage. He was passing through the customs counter without declaring any goods. He was stopped on suspicion by the officials. \"On checking we found logs of wood in two of his suitcase which were meant to be checked-in,\" an official said. Officials said that the total value of the wood was Rs 10 lakh.Officials said the wood is not allowed to be carried in commercial quantity. Agar wood is known to be highly in demand in the UAE. .The man has admitted that the wood was meant for commercial use. He was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16443089", "title": "Keeping up with the Kannadigas", "text": "MADURAI: Visit some of the homes of the Kannadigas in Madurai and you will be pleasantly surprised to see a few people silently browsing through magazines or looking for a particular book on the shelves. \"These are home libraries, that cater to the needs of our people, who live here and miss reading books in Kannada,\" says N Krishna Joisa, who has a large collection of books in Kannada.There are about 300 families who are members of the Karnataka Sangha in Madurai which was founded in 1960. However, only a handful of these families are permanent residents of Madurai while the others continue to shuttle between Karnataka and Madurai. N Ramakrishna Rao, the vice president of the association belongs to this category of Kannadigas, \"My father Narasimma Rao started the Udupi hotel in Chinnakadai street in Madurai, in 1942. These hotels were famous for their hospitality and were patronized by many famous persons,\" he says.Professor V Mohan, Thiagarajar College of Engineering is the president of this sangha, which is now in the process of constructing its own building in Rajampadi near the Madurai Kamaraj University, which is expected to be completed in another six months. Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa donated Rs 10 lakhs for this cause.The Kannada Department at the Madurai Kamaraj University, is among one of the best departments in the country for this language with students from many parts of Karnataka, including Mysore. Once constructed, the association building will also provide accommodation for students in the rooms on the top floor in order to ensure that they do not miss their homely atmosphere while continuing their higher studies in Kannada.Many Kannadigas who live in the temple city, have converted rooms in their homes into libraries of Kannada for the benefit of those who miss keeping up with the happenings of their homeland. However, the books will be transported to the new association building once inaugurated. Shipla Kumar, a young house wife says that she used to ask her parents to mail the local magazines, every week after she came to Madurai two years ago. The home libraries had then proved to be a big boon for her.People from this community celebrate festivals like Ugadi, Basava Jayanthi, Sarvajna Jayanthi and Kanakadasa Purandaradasa Jayanthi in a big way with a lot of fervour. \"Our sambars and sweetmeats are very much a part of our daily diet, though we also relish the spicier Tamil Nadu sambar,\" says Krishnammal, a housewife. She travels with her family to Karnataka at least twice a year and most of their weddings are held in their native villages even if the bride or groom live in Madurai.As Kannada is spoken at home, young people from the community can converse in their native language but the written form is slowly becoming lost to them. Now, the association is conducting regular classes in Kannada at the university department for their benefit.Most people from this community are employed in banks and private companies, but there also persons like industrialist B T Bangera and educationist M S Iyengar, who have contributed to Madurai's growth in many ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443860", "title": "Power fluctuation gives sleepless nights to locals", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of Kareli and Ghausnagar are an exasperated lot due to consistent low voltage in the area. There are many unauthorised iron fabricator shops which have proliferated in the area. The workers in the shop perform welding due to which the voltage in the nearby fluctuates. The problem has reached to such an extent that many electrical equipment of the residents have become non-functional.One can find numerous unauthorized power cables or 'katia' dangling precariously from the electric poles in the Ghausnagar area. Sources in the power department inform that lower rung employees of the department themselves promote this kind of activity. They take some money from the people and also provide free electricity to them. As a result, power department incurs heavy losses and also loss to genuine consumers.The reality is that the genuine consumers have to face the brunt of power woes. Whenever there is non-availability of electricity in any of the phase, unauthorized people entangle the 'katia' in other phases and get free electricity, while genuine consumers are bereft and are cursing their stars for not getting the electricity at the expense of unauthorized consumers.Sharing his woes with TOI, Sharafat Khan, resident of Ghausnagar told that \"There are many unauthorized connections in the form of katia in this locality. Despite numerous complaints to the power officials, no action has been taken,There are many poles in the area where one can find illegal connections and power officials never venture out in the area to get acquainted with the problem and provide respite to the people.Razmi Rafique, resident of Ghausnagar says \"The problem of fluctuation in voltage has resulted into non functional of various equipment of my house. The refrigerator of my house has become non-operational. We have to spend Rs 5000 to rectify the problem in the refrigerator.The problem is that these shops even open during the night hours and perform welding. As welding needs considerable amount of electricity, voltage of nearby houses fluctuate. As a result, people are also not able to sleep due to periodic fluctuation in voltage. One of the fabricator shop near the Chetna Boys Inter College perform welding even in the night hours.Mohd. Khalid, resident of Ghausnagar also says that power department should undertake installation of junction box at each pole of the area so that people do not face any problem.Talking to TOI, executive engineer in the power department VD Singh informed that \" We would conduct drive in the Kareli and Ghausnagar to check unauthorized connections and provide respite to the genuine consumers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447059", "title": "'Satanic Verses can\u2019t be published in today\u2019s climate of fear'", "text": "Brit-Indian author Salman Rushdie has said that his controversial 1988 novel The Satanic Verses cannot be published today because of the 'climate of fear and nervousness' that exists.Rushdie said the banning of his book in many countries and the subsequent threats on his life had created a 'long-term chilling effect'.\"A book which was critical of Islam would be difficult to be published now,\" the BBC quoted him, as saying.According to the report, Rushdie stressed that the only way to solve the issue was for publishers to 'be braver'.\"The only way of living in a free society is to feel that you have the right to say and do stuff,\" he said.Rushdie said many who had arranged protests against him have told newspapers that they thought their actions had been a mistake.\"Some of them seemed to accept the free speech argument and understood if they had the right to say what they felt, it was wrong to prevent people who felt differently from having their say,\" the report quoted him, as saying.\"If that''s right, then maybe we can emerge from a climate of fear,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444118", "title": "Three months, two cave-ins : No end to Pedder Road woes", "text": "MUMBAI: For the second time in three months, a 4-ft portion of Pedder Road caved in near Jaslok Hospital on Monday afternoon after a slab of a stormwater drain running underneath collapsed. This led to traffic snarls across the island city and inconvenienced commuters.Efforts were on to fix the affected portion and civic officials said traffic would be allowed on Tuesday.Traffic police officials were present at the site to monitor the situation. Motorists were asked to use B D Road and Tardeo Road instead to avoid being inconvenienced.Late on July 11, a 4-ft portion of the same road had caved in at the Gamadia junction. That time, too, a slab of an old stormwater drain had given way. Earlier, in September 2011, apart of the road opposite singer Lata Mangeshkar's building, Prabhu Kunj, had caved in.A civic official from the road department said: \"A slab of the drain running underneath broke due to the heavy traffic flow. It will take us a day to restore and resurface the affected portion.\" Asked when the century-old stormwater drain system would be fixed, officials reiterated that they were unable to take up the work due to delay in the Pedder Road flyover project.Sources said changing the system would also mean dealing with over 20 utilities, most of them unmarked on maps. So, it might not be possible to replace the old drains soon.L S Vhatkar, chief engineer (stormwater drains), said the BMC had sent reminders to the MSRDC over the flyover project . \"As the pillars will come up on the existing drain, we have to shift the latter to one side of the road, along the footpath.\"A commuter who got stuck in Monday's jam said: \"When will the authorities fix the problem once and for all?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16443935", "title": "Students will bring water tankers to your doorstep", "text": "HUBLI: Worried where to immerse your Ganesha idols? With water bodies fast dwindling in the city, it is increasingly becoming difficult to find a well or pound to bid adieu to the Elephant God. But fret not. Students of JG College of Commerce are coming to your doorstep with water tankers to collect the idols for immersion.The number of wells and ponds has drastically come down in the city over the years owing just as much to development as to the apathy of the authorities in maintaining the water bodies. Hence, immersing Ganesha idols has become a big problem for the public. The big lakes and artificial wells earmarked for Goanesha immersion are always crowded as people from Ganesha Mandals come in large numbers to immerse the huge idols. To help people who install small Ganesha at homes, students of JG College of Commerce are planning to take water tankers door to door in selected areas. On Sunday, the fifth day of Ganesh Chaturthi, college students will take tankers containing more than a thousand liters of water in tractors to old Hubli areas, Koppikar road and Gokul road. For this noble initiative, college bears the expenditure of the tractors and tankers and students will volunteer to help residents immerse the idols in these tankers.NSS officer of the college V S Kattimath said, \"We will take along 35-40 students with the tankers and we will collect small Ganesha idols for immersion.\" JG College of Commerce principal Anand Mulugund told TOI: \"It is an eco-friendly initiative which aims at facilitating Ganesha immersion at the doorstep of people and also prevents people from immersing idols in wells and ponds. The material used in making Ganesha including chemicals and toxic colours contaminates water bodies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "srivilliputhur", "code": "16443028", "title": "Farmer kills 13-feet king cobra in farm, arrested", "text": "SRIVILLIPUTHUR: Panicked over the presence of a snake in his farm, a farmer in Srivilliputhur killed the reptile, but was later held by forest officials as the snake was identified as the highly endangered King Cobra. Wildlife lovers in the region have termed the incident as unfortunate as even spotting a King Cobra is rare.On Saturday, Appaiya Nayakkar (32) was working in his agricultural land in Kalangaperi Kammapatti near the Grizzled Squirrel Wildlife Sanctuary in Srivilliputhur. He found a snake while irrigating his land and immediately killed and buried it. Forest officials received a tip off and inspected the land as they were passing by on their regular patrolling in the sanctuary. Appaiya accepted killing the snake and the officials unearthed the snake. He was arrested under sections 9, 39 1A, B and D of the Wildlife Protection Act which is a non-bailable offence and remanded. Though the farmer claimed that he killed the snake in self-defence as it tried to attack him, the forest officials expressed their apprehensions. \"It is unlikely that he killed such a large snake in a provoked condition. The snake was 13-feet long and can be estimated to be 10 to 15 years old. When provoked, the snake is ferocious but always tries to avoid human confrontation,\" said a senior official from the sanctuary. \"It is one of the rarest species that lives in the Western Ghats and one should be really lucky to even spot the snake,\" he added.The incident has saddened wildlife lovers who opined that killing the reptile should not have been the first choice. \"The farmer should have avoided the snake instead of panicking. All snakes in general try to avoid human confrontation and don't attack unless provoked,\" said K Vijayavel of Pearl City Nature Society in Tuticorin. \"King Cobras are normally not spotted downhill and they need dense forest cover. It is very unfortunate that it was killed though one can understand that the farmer could have been scared. Instead he could have alerted the forest officials so that the snake could have been caught and left in the forest,\" said A Naveen Joseph who works in an environmental NGO as a reptile conservationist. Wildlife photographer Sriram Janak in Madurai said that sensitising the public and farmers on snakes is very important as such confrontations happen often. \"Unfortunately, conservation here only revolves around tigers and elephants Many species like frogs, snakes and birds are getting extinct in our locality due to the lack of awareness,\" he said.Farmers in Srivilliputhur however defended Appaiya asking how farmers could think about safeguarding snakes at the cost of their lives. But according to law, killing a King Cobra is indeed a serious offence, said T Lajapathi Roy, an advocate in the Madurai Bench. The angle of self-defence claimed by the farmer can be proved during the trial and the court can consider his confession and judge him accordingly. \"It is important that farmers and locals near the forest areas be sensitised on wildlife conservation as they often tend to encounter wild animals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16443611", "title": "HC shifts Trivedi\u2019s trial to rural court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday transferred the trial against former Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi from the city sessions court at Bhadra to the district rural court at Mirzapur.Justice R H Shukla shifted the case out of city sessions court following Trivedi's apprehension that the judge hearing his case at the city sessions court was biased.The complaint against Trivedi was filed by a GLS Arts College faculty Pankaj Shirmali, who complained on May 3, 2008 that Trivedi hurled casteist abuses at him on the university campus. The police investigation lasted for four years and saw many twists and turns. Earlier this year, Trivedi was arrested, released on bail and then charge-sheeted. Finally the case was committed to special judge D V Jhala's court in the city sessions court. Before the court proceeded with the matter, Trivedi moved the HC seeking change of court on the ground that he had apprehension that the judge was biased and there was a likelihood of conviction, if he was tried before a particular court. He demanded his case to be shifted to court other than city sessions court.Trivedi's counsel Prakash Thakker had contended that the lower court judge did not accommodate in adjournments. He also submitted that when Trivedi informed the lower court that he intended to move the HC for transfer of court, the judge warned him of dire consequences. After Justice Shukla granted Trivedi's request to shift the case, he left it to the Chief Justice to finalize the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16446556", "title": "Teachers association blames Khalsa College management of backtracking from its commitment", "text": "AMRITSAR: Blaming the Khalsa College management of backtracking from its promise of withdrawal of FIR lodged against 22 teachers and employees of various colleges, the Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers Union (PCCTU) has threatened to launch agitation if Khalsa College authorities and district administration moved ahead in presenting challans in court against 22 teachers and employees for participating in agitation launched by PCCTU to stop Khalsa College Managing Committee from converting Khalsa College into a private university.The agitation had continued from March 16, 2011 to June 16, 2011. On March 31st, Principal of Khalsa College Dr. Daljit Singh had lodged FIR against 22 teachers and college employees including the then General Secretary PCCTU Professor HS Walia under section 452/341/427/506/148/149 to pressurize teachers to withdraw their agitation , informed General Secretary PCCTU Dr. Kuldeep Singh while talking to TOI on Tuesday.\"But we continued with our agitation and turned it into a public movement with massive participation by social and political organizations, philanthropists, and trade unions and as a result the managing committee of Khalsa College entered into an agreement with Khalsa College Teachers Union, wherein it was agreed upon that the Khalsa college managing committee will not go ahead with the proposal to convert Khalsa College into a private university and all the cases against teachers, including FIR lodged against 22 teachers and employees will be withdrawn\" said Kuldeep Singh.Commenting on the decision of the district administration to present challans against 22 teachers and employees in the court on September 20th , the President of the PCCTU Professor JR Prashar said that it was back tracking by the Khalsa College Managing Committee from the written agreement. Kuldeep Singh said that if teachers were unnecessarily victimized and harassed, an agitation would be launched and the responsibility of vitiating the academic atmosphere will be that of the concerned authorities. Meanwhile Principal of Khalsa College Dr. Daljit Singh said that an agreement had been reached regarding the withdrawal of cases against the teachers and the process for this was being taken up vigorously.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "guwahati/shillong", "code": "16446383", "title": "No scam in coal block allocation: Veerappa Moily", "text": "GUWAHATI/SHILLONG: Union power minister Veerappa Moily on Monday claimed there was no scandal in coal block allocation and attacked the BJP for stalling Parliament on the issue.\"The coal block allocation was done in consultation with the chief ministers of states. There is no scandal and the BJP is unnecessarily raking up the the issue and stalling Parliament,\" Moily told reporters during his visit to Assam and Meghalaya to review the power situation in those two states.\"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is a person of highest integrity and he is a reformer and the BJP has wrong by raising doubts about his honesty,\" Moily said.He warned that de-allocation of coal blocks could retard power production in the country which would finally result in the lowering of GDP growth.Allocation of coal blocks to private sectors had been done, he pointed out, after taking into consideration their 'massive' contribution in power generation and through a process of competitive bidding.Defending the allocation of blocks, Moily said any action now could affect the economy of the country. \"The ratio of power to GDP growth of a country is 1:1.5.\"If you want 9 per cent GDP growth, you ought to produce 8 per cent of power and if you aspire 10 per cent GDP growth, your power production should be at 9 per cent,\" Moily explained.Cautioning that the UPA Government would not be cowed down by the Opposition's move to 'sabotage' the development plan, Moily said, \"We will not be cowed down by such a conspiracy to bring the country down. Our party is for the national growth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441937", "title": "Sedition row: Cops didn't wait for final OK from legal officer?", "text": "MUMBAI: The decision to invoke sedition charges against cartoonist Aseem Trivedi was reportedly taken by the Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police despite a legal officer opining that his decision in the issue was not final. The BKC police had sought legal opinion from assistant director and public prosecutor (ADPP) H B Jadhav regarding invoking of sedition charges.\"Though Jadhav agreed with the decision of sedition charges being invoked against Trivedi, in the last sentence of his note he said that his opinion should not be taken as the final decision,\" said police commissioner Satya Pal Singh.However, sources say it is common practise for the law officer to write such a sentence at the end of all his opinions. Additional commissioner of police (west region) Vishwas Nangre Patil is conducting an inquiry against the cops involved in the Trivedi case. , though sources said it was normal practice for the law officer to write such a sentence in the end of all his opinions.The BKC police had sought legal opinion from Jadhav while invoking sedition charges against Trivedi. After facing flak for Trivedi's arrest, the Mumbai police administration transferred the investigation to a special investigation team headed by Nangre Patil.Singh said an advocate had filed a private complaint, after which an FIR was registered. \"Technically, one cannot say there was a mistake on part of the police. The home minister has asked for a review by senior officials and we are doing it,\" Singh said.Last week, after the Bombay high court sought to fix responsibility for the \"arbitrary\" arrest of Trivedi, the state government on Saturday had ordered an inquiry against those involved in the registering of an FIR against him.The FIR against Trivedi was based on the orders passed by a magisterial court in Beed. The order, in a similar matter, had taken cognizance under Sections 124 A and 295 A (outraging religious sentiments) against the cartoonist. Subsequently, the Mumbai police received eight applications from Dalit groups and lawyers demanding action against Trivedi. The police said though the case was registered after \"proper application of mind and studying documentary evidence\", the reason for applying sedition charges still remains open for a debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "manama", "code": "16446708", "title": "New visa rules may deter Indians seeking jobs in Dubai", "text": "MANAMA: Indian workers may now face restrictions over getting entry in Dubai for employment opportunities, as the Middle East city has reportedly adopted stricter rules for tourist, visit and conference visas to curb the influx of foreign workers from certain labour exporting countries.A senior official said the move was prompted by the recent arrests of scores of foreigners on tourist, visit and conference visas, who were either engaged in organised crimes, human trafficking or were found unemployed and looking for jobs or begging in the streets, or near hospitals, mosques and malls.\"The Federal Residency Department, which oversees residency departments across the country, has decided to adopt stricter regimes for tourist, visit and conference visas to curb the influx of blue-collar workers from many labour exporting countries into the country,\" the official told Gulf News on the condition of anonymity.\"This would help significantly reduce the risk that individuals engaged in organised crime or the trafficking of persons could gain entry to the country,\" the source added.The new regime would see bans on visit visas for some foreign workers, especially from traditional labour exporting countries to the UAE, and set a university degree as a prerequisite for obtaining a visa, plus other requirements, the official said.Other countries such as Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Philippines, are some of the largest countries exporting labour to the UAE.Categories banned from obtaining tourist, visit or conference visas include electricians, pipe fitters, masons, farmers, drivers, tailors and cleaners, the report said.The source stressed the UAE continues to welcome genuine visitors.\"These visa requirements will give authorities a greater ability to manage the flow of visitors into the country and allow residency departments across the country to screen more travellers for security risks prior to their arrival in the UAE,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16444030", "title": "Lingambudi lake under siege from pollution", "text": "MYSORE: Not many cities can boast of lakes in its periphery, but Mysore, with numerous water bodies adorning the landscape, stands apart. However, increased urbanization and subsequent dumping of sewage water directly into many lakes have turned them cesspools. With unhindered inflow of sewage water, abetted by the district authorities, Lingambudi lake, one of the largest water bodies located in the southern Mysore, is under siege. The water body is part of the reserve forest, but its boundary is yet to be fenced. The tank attracts migratory birds in hordes during the season.Though measures were taken to prevent sewage inflow from neighboring localities, still UGD water is trickling into the beautiful lake and its inflow increases by several folds when the UGD systems nearby clog up. It is alleged that some people block the UGD system to divert sewage into the lake area to grow grass there. Lingambudi lake, spread across 216 acres, was declared as reserve forest in 2010 and a lake protection committee was formed to protect and develop it.Rain water is the only water source to the tank. Lingambudi lake protection committee president U N Ravikumar told TOI that even Karanji and Kukkarhalli lakes are polluted to due to inflow of sewage water. A decade ago, lake water was used for irrigation, but now the irrigated lands have been converted into layouts. Water has dried up as the sluice gates were kept open and due to lack of rains. \"We have now plugged the gates to prevent the outflow from the lake, which is 25 feet deep. The lake requires heavy rains for at least three to four years to fill up to the brim,\" Ravikumar says. Sewage is still flowing into the lake area from Lingambudi Palya and Bogadi layouts, but in small quantity when compared to other lakes, he claimed.\"Even this needs to be checked, but the authorities are dilly dallying on the issue for several years. The officials concerned have filed affidavits before Lok Adalat promising to protect the water bodies. Efforts are being made in this regard as next Lok Adalath meeting is scheduled for December,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16443636", "title": "Villagers to be trained to generate organic manure from solid waste", "text": "VARANASI: While Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) failed to manage the solid waste generated in extensive quantity in city, the initiative taken by department of Mycology and Plant Pathology, Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) to convert bio-degradable solid waste into organic manure is not only expected to reduce the load of garbage but also help farmers in growing crops rich in organic content with minimal use of fertilizers.Notably, Department of Science and Technology (DST), Ministry of Science and Technology, had sanctioned a three-year project worth Rs 9.96 lakhs to the department to train and provide guidance to villagers to prepare organic manure from kitchen waste. According to Prof Asha Sinha, project head, the project is now in its last phase, and over 500 villagers have already benefited from its training programme. \"Staff members collect the kitchen waste from restaurants, canteens, mess and eating outlets. Around 1 foot deep pits are dug, which is filled with kitchen waste. Around 250 gm of microbes (Decomposers) are also added to the waste to increase the decomposition, after, which water is sprinkled to maintain moisture content followed by covering the mixture with a layer of soil. After around 25-30 days, waste is converted into microbial rich manure. This cycle is repeated after every 30 to 35 days\", said Sinha.Interestingly, the project also aims at providing training to rural women specially those belonging to SC/ST categories. \"Villages of Varanasi and Mirzapur are the main target. So far over 500 villagers have been benefited from the training cum demonstration programme. The villages that have been covered so far near Chiraigaon, Barkachha lack basic resources, and villagers have no other occupation except farming. For that matter, apart from creating awareness among farmers and villagers for proper disposal of solid waste for production of manure, they are also promoted to adopt the technique for self employment by creating awareness among villagers about the market value of organic manure\", she informed.\"There are several methods of recycling solid waste into manure, however, the local economy of the area is such that most of the farmers are poor and have less resources with minimum access to technologies and new developments. The low scale aerobic decomposition of kitchen waste is cost efficient and can be easily understood by them\", she said.According to Sinha, agricultural production has increased in last two decades but the extensive use of fertilizers and pesticides has resulted in negative impact on health apart from polluting environment and reducing the fertility of the soil. The organic manure prepared in this way have good amount of biological matter, which will reduce the use of fertilizers and increase the quality of soil. It is worth mentioning here that decomposed solid wastes are non-hazardous and eco friendly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16442140", "title": "State govt trying to divide us on caste basis: Pak-Hindu migrants", "text": "JODHPUR: A day after the chief minister Ashok Gehlot assured the Pak-Hindu migrants of assistance and directed the district collector to find a solution in coordination with the Seemant Lok Sangthan (SLS), body representing the migrants, the migrants alleged that administration was trying to divide them on the basis of caste.\"Instead of fulfilling the reasonable demands of SLS, attempts are being made to divide the migrants by sending some persons from their community to coax them to shift their allegiance to the local community leaders\", president of SLS Hindu Singh Sodha said.An SLS volunteer at the camp alleged that an inspector from JMC came on Monday afternoon along with a delegation from the community that these migrants belong to and tried to convince them that Sodha was from a different community and was merely feigning to be on their side. \"We just pushed them out and immediately brought the matter to the notice of our president,\" he said. On the other hand, the issue of accommodation is still unresolved. Though the officials of JMC did invite Sodha to take a look at the accommodation options, but the meeting was stalled over the caste issue.District collector Siddharth Mahajan, however, denied having any intention to divide them and said the community people might have visited them as a token of courtesy.On the accommodation issue, he said they had proposed two community halls but the migrants weren't willing to go there and were demanding one place keeping in mind the growth of their population. \"We have also assured them of providing more space at a future time,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16443177", "title": "Fiza Mohd alias Anuradha's property still unclaimed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than six weeks after mysterious death of 42-year-old Fiza Mohd alias Anuradha, her assets and property worth over Rs 3 crore has come under scanner.Though cops and Income tax officials are yet to ascertain if the huge cash and jewellery recovered, was unaccounted or earned through genuinely means, her three sisters are contemplating to stake a claim for the cash and jewellery.Apart from a cash of over Rs 2 crore, police have recovered diamond and gold jewellery worth Rs 85 lakh from Fiza's house, lockers and bank accounts. Besides the worth of Fiza's house in Sector 48C , Mohali, is estimated around Rs 1.50 crore.While Fiza's three sisters are not willing to talk on the issue, their family lawyers indicated that the sisters will soon stake a formal claim for Fiza's assets.\"Fiza's three sisters, Monica, Aditi and Anjali have been advised to make formal claim on the property of their deceased sister after the completion of police investigation. Police is investigating the death of Fiza under Section 174 of CrPC and it yet to complete,\" said Rohit Mahajan, the legal adviser of Fiza's family. Once the probe is complete they will produce the succession certificate before the court concerned.Fiza was the eldest daughter in her house. All her three younger sisters are married. Two of them Monica and Aditi are settled in Chandigarh and another one Anjali recently returned from Mauritius .I-T officials and legal experts mentioned that the proceedings for assessment of income and property will begin only after police complete their investigations into the case.\"One cannot rule out the probe by the income tax officials, into the assets and property worth crore of rupees. If assets are found to be ill gotten, they directly become state property,\" said income tax lawyer Ram Kumar Singla.Sources meanwhile disclosed that the Punjab police have already intimated Income Tax department headquarters in Sector 2, Panchkula, about the recovered property and assets of Fiza.What happens to property and cash nowVikram Chauhan income tax consultant and experts says that if the money is found to be unaccounted, it will be divided amongst the sisters after deduction of tax accordingly.In the absence of any will if there is a dispute, the share will be equally distributed amongst all sisters. \"It has been decided by law that share from the property of deceased would be distributed among his/her dependants and legal heirs equally, whatever and whenever a dispute took place among the legal heirs,\" said senior advocate AS Sukheja said,Seized properties deposited in state treasury:Mohali police on Monday deposited seized cash of Rs 1.04 crore and diamond, and gold jewellery worth around Rs 35 lakh in Punjab State Treasury in Kharar. The cash and jewellery was shifted from police station, Phase VIII, to the treasury in Kharar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16441859", "title": "India, no country for senior citizens?", "text": "A review conducted by the Union health ministry has found that most states have failed to honour or execute the much-touted National Programme for Healthcare of Elderly (NPHCE).Of the 91 districts expected to start a geriatric clinic by now, only 22 have managed to do so. Worse, just a dozen districts have set up a 10-bed geriatric ward.Only three districts \u2014 Mewat and Yamunanagar in Haryana and Leh in Jammu &amp; Kashmir \u2014 have started running a bi-weekly geriatric clinic in a community health centre. And, only two districts - Mewat and Leh \u2014 have started a weekly geriatric clinic in a primary health centre.In Punjab, a geriatric clinic and geriatric ward will come up in Bhatinda, Gurdaspur and Hoshiarpur soon.Ministry officials say none of the steps - setting up of a geriatric clinic, ward or holding bi-weekly clinics \u2014 have been rolled out in states like Andhra Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Tamil Nadu , West Bengal , Kerala, Karnataka, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.A ministry official said, \"We have released funds under the NPHCE for creating the stipulated wards and running the clinics in 91 districts across 21 states. Initially, we sent the funds to 30 districts by March, 2011, and then to the rest by March, 2012. However very few states have done any work. In the 12th Plan, we intend to take NPHCE to all the districts in the country. Our target is to reach 100 districts every year.\"India will soon become home to the second largest number of senior citizens in the world. Though it is still a nation of young people, the health condition of its elderly is worrying.The ministry's own data says one out of every four elderly persons in India is depressed; one in three suffers from arthritis while one in five cannot hear. While one in three suffers from hypertension, almost half have poor vision. Ministry estimates say the number of people in the 60-plus age group in India will increase to 100 million in 2013 and to 198 million in 2030.The elderly population will increase to 12% of the total population by 2025, 10% of which would be bedridden, requiring utmost care.According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, by 2050, the number of Indians aged above 80 will increase more than six times from existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore.\"And yet, states haven't woken up to putting in place systems or infrastructure to take care of its elderly,\" a ministry official said.The NPHCE expects to have 20 institutions with a strength to produce 40 post-graduates in geriatric medicine per year, additional 6,400 beds in district hospitals and 1,000 beds in medical colleges for the elderly by 2017.India recently joined 10 other south-east Asian countries to adopt the Yogyakarta Declaration on Ageing and Health, committing to improving national response to the health of ageing population.\"People who get the right start in life, follow healthy lifestyles and take good care of their health can expect to remain active during their eighth, ninth and even tenth decade of life,\" said Dr Margaret Chan , director-general of WHO.The Declaration comes at an important juncture with India's health ministry expecting 51% of the elderly population in India to be women by 2016. Overall, nearly 7.5% of India's population is aged 60 years and above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442575", "title": "VC honours toppers of Mumbai varsity", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 15 of the top 20 students who passed the TYBCom exam conducted in March-April 2012 were from RA Podar College of Commerce and Economics in Matunga. Mumbai University on Monday felicitated the toppers in different streams across city colleges.The first position in the TYBCom exam was shared by Namita Shah from HR College and Sanika Gawade from Podar College respectively, while students from Podar College bagged the second to fifth positions too. The principal of Podar College, Shobhana Vasudevan, said, \"This year's batch was extremely good. They are academically oriented and also were good in extra curricular activities. Though we have been getting five to six toppers among top ten candidates, this year, however, all the top ten rankers are from the college (though the first, sixth and seventh position is shared with other colleges).\" This is the fourth consecutive year that student from the college has managed to get the first position in the university's TYB Com exam.Urvashi Punwani from Jai Hind College topped the TYBA exam and Ranjini Sen from St Xavier's was the topper in the TYBSc exam. Students from Jai Hind College, St Xavier's and Ruia bagged most of the slots in the top ten positions in science and arts exam. Atul Moynak from Maratha Mandir's Babasaheb Gawde Institute of Management Studies bagged the first position in the MMS exam held in May.Around 278 students were awarded merit certificates by vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar.Students from the university's Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL) have achieved a remarkable feat by producing the first three toppers in the M Com exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443263", "title": "Prosecution director's extension challenged in HC", "text": "PANAJI: A petition has been filed before the high court of Bombay at Goa seeking immediate removal of the director of prosecution, Shobha Dhumaskar, against whom an first information report (FIR) had been registered by the anti-corruption branch (ACB) for allegedly cheating and causing loss to the state exchequer.The petitioner, Aires Rodrigues, has pointed out that on April 23, 2012, an FIR was registered on directions issued by a special court judge under the Prevention of Corruption Act. Dhumaskar was due to retire on April 30, 2012.Despite the FIR, Dhumaskar was rewarded by the state government with an extension in service beyond superannuation and a further extension was granted on July 30, 2012, the petitioner has alleged.Rodrigues has alleged that the malafide extensions in service given to Dhumaskar were to ensure that the criminal cases against politicians are withdrawn. He has pointed out that on May 29, this year, Dhumaskar had allegedly issued a circular instructing all public prosecutors (PP) and assistant public prosecutors (APP) to withdraw criminal cases pending against politicians.The petitioner has sought immediate removal of Dhumaskar and also a direction to the state government to revoke the extension order granted to her and to recover all emoluments paid to her after the extensions were granted.Rodrigues appeared before a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre and sought the hearing of the petition urgently on September 24. The bench has granted his request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16443932", "title": "Separate police station for fetal sex test cases in Rajasthan soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Alarmed over the skewed child sex ratio and increased cases of female feticide, the state government has given nod to form a PCPNDT Bureau of Investigation , a centralized police station, which will take up all violation cases of PC and PNDT Act, 1994. The police station would be operational within two months and would be set up at the Sawasthya Bhawan, Jaipur.The latest census reflects the dismal child sex ratio (for ages 0-6 ) in the state, with only nine districts reporting the ratio above 900, compared to the 2001 census which had 23 districts above this mark. Ten years back, the sex ratio was 909, which has now dropped to 883.The chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday okayed the setting up of the police station.According to medical and health departnment sources, the bureau would be set up at the Sawasthya Bhawan and would be operational within a span of two months. \"In many cases the concerned police stations especially situated in rural interiors of Rajasthan showed \"ignorance\" . Due to the lack of knowledge of the Act, police probe failed to pick up pace.Thus, we are planning to have a fullfledged bureau which will confine itself to investigation of all the violation cases of PC and PNDT Act, 1994. As soon as we will get the logistic support from the police we will start it,\" said Mukesh Sharma, principal secretary, health on Monday.\"All the cases registered in various police stations would be transferred to this bureau and the police and medical officers would work as a team to crack the cases and ensure a strong prosecution against the defaulters,\" said a senior police officer .According to the sources, this is been done in compliance of the provisions of Section 17 of the PNDT and PC, Act, 1994.\"The PS will cover entire Rajasthan and senior police officers and sleuths of PC PNDT cell and senior officers will work together in the bureau,\" said a senior police officer.Director General of police, Harish Meena, said, \"We will provide all possible help to the officers of the medical and health department to set up the bureau.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "16443197", "title": "Haryana: Social panchayat fines youth Rs 1 lakh for smuggling cows", "text": "BHIWANI: A social panchayat of eight villages has imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on a youth of Kohlawas village under Charkhi Dadri sub-division of the district for indulging in the smuggling of cows.The panchayat organized in Sanwar village of Bhiwani on Sunday was attended by hundreds of villages and presided over by the Sanwar sarpanch Rameshwar Singh.The accused youth Ranbir Singh, 35, of Kohlawas village was also present in the panchayat who confessed to his involvement in the smuggling and also agreed to abide by the punishment of the panchayat. The villagers from Sanwar, Kohlawas, Lamba, Sanjarwas, Jhinjar, Ranila, Manheru, Misri and Kharak Kalan villages had gathered in the panchayat.Sarpanch Rameshwar informed that Ranbir owned a tempo which he had been providing the cow smugglers in transporting the cows from this region to neighbouring Uttar Pradesh. \"A family member of Ranbir disclosed this to some villagers about a month ago as his family was opposed to this. When he refused to listen, other villagers inquired into his activities and found him involved in the cow smuggling. This is a serious issue for us so we have called a panchayat,\" said Rameshwar.\"Confronted with the evidences, Ranbir admitted that the group of cow smugglers had hired his tempo to transport the animal to other parts from this region,\" added Rameshwar. He said that Ranbir was remorseful of his act and vowed in front of the panchayat not to involve in such act ever again. However, the panchayat after deliberations decided to impose a fine of Rs 1 lakh on him.\"He has been give one month's time to deposit the penalty amount which will be used in the welfare of the cows at the gaushala\", Rameshwar said. Charki Dadri DSP Suresh Kumar though expressed ignorance about the panchayat verdict but admitted that the incidents of cow smuggling came to the notice of police quite often. \"We recently registered many cases against smugglers of cows,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16443007", "title": "Island spat: Japanese firms targeted in China", "text": "BEIJING: The anti-Japan demonstrations in China over disputed islands took an ugly turn on Monday with protesters attacking some of the top Japanese firms, including Panasonic and Canon, hitting flourishing bilateral trade.China is Japan's biggest trading partner and their two-way trade last year stood at $345 billion.Panasonic has suspended some of its operations in China after anti-Japan protesters attacked two of its factories. Canon has also suspended operations at three of its Chinese factories, reports said.Also Japanese car manufacturer Toyota, which has huge manufacturing facilities in China, was affected as its cars came under attack at several places, including in Beijing. Though one of its showrooms in Beijing was damaged in the attacks, Toyota said operations in its factories are normal.Fast Retailing Co, Asia's largest apparel retailer, said it had closed some of its Uniqlo outlets in China and may close yet more, while Aeon Co Ltd, Japan's number two retailer, is prohibiting China business trips for its Japan-based staff.Though China on Sunday appealed to the protesters to be calm, the demonstrations turned violent in several places on Monday. Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said that while protesters should be peaceful they were \"provoked by gravely destructive consequences of Japan's illegal purchase of the Diaoyu islands, and the responsibility for this should be born by Japan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16444306", "title": "Buses off roads, govt has no answer", "text": "KOLKATA: If commuting was a torment on Monday, it will be torture for the rest of the week. The holiday on Viswakarma Puja cushioned the impact of the bus strike but when one crore commuters descend on the streets on Tuesday, there will be utter chaos.What makes it worse is that instead of trying to negotiate a solution, transport minister Madan Mitra went for a confrontation, threatening to make bus operators \"repent\" . Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will take a call on this only on Wednesday, a day before cabbies join the strike.Mitra asked bus owners to surrender their permits and urged bus employees to demand their pay for the shutdown days. \"If someone goes to court to claim his wages, I will take his side,\" Mitra said, warning the government might charge fees for buses parked \"idle\" on the roads. He did not have a word of assurance for transport operators, who say they will go out of business if they put their buses on the road without a fare hike.\"If private bus operators fail to put the vehicles in service, they can surrender their permits. We will get younger people willing to run buses,\" Mitra said as his colleague, labour minister Purnendu Bose, warned the government might take administrative steps against unwilling transport operators.Transporters have refused to heed Mitra's earlier assurances or his threats on Monday. \"The ministers are going beyond the rules of the Motor Vehicles Act, which clearly says the government has to ensure the viability of the trade. But the government has pushed us to a point of no return. We sincerely apologize to the commuters for the inconvenience, but we have been pushed to the edge. We are bleeding heavily,\" said Tapan Banerjee , joint secretary of Joint Council of Bus Syndicates .The intensifying confrontation has alarmed commuters, who were hoping that the administration would find a solution by Tuesday. At many places, people had to wait for over an hour to fight for a toehold on the few government buses that plied. The transport minister said 1400-odd state buses were on the streets on Monday but commuters say they were too few and far between. Mitra assured that more buses will ply from Tuesday but they will hardly be a replacement for the 37,000 private buses that will go off the roads.\"Tuesday will be a full working day and the effect will be quite telling. I think it is high time that the government meets with the transport operators and works out a solution. If this continues, there will be a collective anger of commuters,\" said Anirban Mitra, a transport economist. The minister had no solution at sight. \"I can't assure anything on fare revision. A group of ministers \u2014 Amit Mitra ( finance ), Manish Gupta (power) and Partha Chatterjee (commerce and industries) \u2014 is looking into it. They will come up with a solution. Moreover, a meeting of the state cabinet is slated on Wednesday, where the CM will take a call,\" Mitra said, reiterating his appeal to transport operators to call off the strike and come forward for talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442120", "title": "Sawai Man Singh Hospital struggles with rising number of mystery fever patients", "text": "JAIPUR: The state's largest hospital is witnessing chock-a-block situation after the spread of 'unknown' virus. The medicine wards of Sawai Man Singh hospital are overcrowded and ICUs also are fast filling up with patients down with 'mystery' fever.The administration and doctors are shocked at the increasing number of fever patients being admitted to the hospital every day. \"I have never seen over 100 patients admitted in medicine ward due to fever,\" a senior doctor said.Since these patients tested negative for malaria, dengue and other seasonal diseases, the hospital administration has planned to send their blood samples to a laboratory in Pune to know about the virus responsible for it.The doctor said, \"There are many patients who are admitted to the hospital with a strange viral fever. There are a few cases of dengue and malaria.\"The hospital administration claimed there has been a 20% to 25% increase in the number of patients. Sources said that over 6,600 cases were reported at outdoor patient department (OPD), which is way higher in comparison to 15 days back. On September 3, only 4,842 patients came to the OPD.Now, the hospital administration has constituted a committee of six doctors to find out the cause of fever and to monitor the cases of seasonal diseases reported in the hospital. Hospital spokesperson Dr Rajesh Sharma said, \"The committee comprises Dr RK Manohar, Dr CL Nawal, Dr Hemant Malhotra, Dr Raman Sharma, Dr Rameshwar Bittu and Dr BB Sharma.\"Dr Nawal said, \"The fever patients have increased suddenly. We have noticed the cause of fever is a strange virus but not malaria or dengue. We are investigating the matter further.\"Also, looking to the growing numbers of patients, the hospital administration has opened one more ward especially for fever patients. It is the second additional ward which has been opened for fever patients in the past three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16440862", "title": "Osmania University on the boil again over Telangana", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a long lull, the Osmania University campus was on the boil again on Monday. Students and police fought pitched battles for nearly three hours, leading to injuries on both sides.Around 11 am, a group of 200 students affiliated to Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad ( TGVP) assembled near the Arts College and tried to take out a 'Chalo Assembly' rally. The students wanted to stage a protest in front of the Assembly demanding that the government immediately introduce a bill proposing the formation of separate Telangana state and announce September 17 as 'Telangana Liberation Day'.However, as the students were nearing the NCC Gate, police intercepted them and asked them to return to the campus. After arguing with police for some time to let them out of the campus, the angry students began pelting stones, injuring some police personnel, including OU inspector P Ashok. In retaliation, police began firing teargas shells at the students.The cat-and-mouse game between students and police continued till 1.45 pm. Students kept hurling stones at police hiding behind trees, walls and the men in khaki kept on pushing them back by firing teargas shells.OU student T Ramakrishna, who participated in the protest, said no student was injured in the protest, but some of them experienced burning in the eyes and rashes on their faces as police fired date-expired teargas shells.Three students of a nearby government school had to be given first-aid after they inhaled teargas.As the pitched battles were on, the Jamia Osmania Government High School went in for recess and students who came out of the classrooms got enveloped in a cloud of teargas smoke. With some students complaining of nausea and burning sensation, the school management called '108' and three students were given oxygen at the spot.As entry of outsiders into the campus was restricted from morning, police personnel were seen checking IDs of people entering the campus from NCC Gate and police station side. The road stretch from the OU police station to NCC Gate was also blocked for normal traffic.At around 1.45 pm, the students gave up the protest and went to their hostels. Later in the evening, in protest against comments made by T-JAC convenor professor Kodandaram against civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu, activists of OU NSUI burnt the academic's effigy near Arts College. Later, activists affiliated to Telangana Youth Association tried to attack the professor's house, but police foiled their attempt and nabbed two protesters.The OU police booked a case under sections 147 (Rioting), 148 (Rioting with weapons), 353 (Assault or use of criminal force to deter a public servant from discharging his duty) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against representatives of Telangana Vidyarthi Parishad.Two youngsters, M Prem Sagar and Sampath Abhinav, both degree students hailing from Kalwakurthy in Mahbubnagar district, were arrested by the police.In view of the charged atmosphere and upcoming 'Chalo Hyderabad' rally, the Hyderabad police have deployed 12 platoons, including personnel from the Armed Reserve and APSP, around the campus along with local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16446608", "title": "Tech Mahindra buys 51% stake in Comviva for Rs 260 cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tech Mahindra today said it has acquired 51 per cent stake in Gurgaon-based mobile application firm Comviva from Bharti Group and other shareholders for Rs 260 crore.Tech Mahindra, which offers software and billing systems to telecom players, acquired 31 per cent interest from Bharti which would still be left with 20 per cent post completion of the deal.It will make an upfront payment of Rs 125 crore to buy the 51 per cent stake from Bharti Group, private-equity firm Sequoia Capital and networking equipment maker Cisco Systems.The balance Rs 135 crore will be paid out over a period of five years based on Gurgaon-based Comviva achieving mutually agreed performance target.Sequoia held 9 per cent stake in Comviva and Cisco held 6 per cent, both of whom have exited the firm after deal with Tech Mahindra.Tech Mahindra will buy 13 out of 22 per cent stake of private equity firm WestBridge Capital.\"This acquisition is a significant step forward, in our vision of being a complete and comprehensive partner to our clients and like always, we are confident of making this a successful venture for our stakeholders,\" Tech Mahindra Executive Vice Chairman Vineet Nayyar told reporters here.In addition to adding market leading capabilities, the acquisition will also strengthen Tech Mahindra's relationship with large telecom players globally, he added.\"The acquisition will significantly enhance our capabilities in the mobile VAS domain and provide access to a marquee client base, enabling significant cross-selling opportunities,\" Nayyar said.It aligns well with the stated strategy of investing in emerging areas like network, mobility, analytics, cloud and security and further focus on non-linear growth, he added.Post the acquisition, which is subject to regulatory approval, the new entity will be called Mahindra Comviva.Formerly known as Bharti Telesoft, Comviva has revenues of about Rs 400 crore and about 1,400 employees.\"The existing mobility practice in Mahindra, which focusses on mobile devices, enterprise mobility and some products which are on managed services and looking at Comviva's strength, as a combined company we would be touching Rs 1,000 crore by March 2013... The three focus areas for Mahindra Comviva going ahead is mobile payments, mobile data and location-based services,\" Tech Mahindra managing director CP Gurnani said.Tech Mahindra operates another wholly-owned specialised VAS arm Canvas M, which was formed in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16443083", "title": "Two held for suspicious activity", "text": "VASCO: Two persons were arrested by the Verna police on charges of suspicion on Monday. During a nakabandi, the police found two migrants in a hurry to leave for Chattisgarh and rounded them up.PI Edwin Colaco said, \"They were traveling in a rickshaw from Panaji to Margao probably trying to board a train from the Margao railway station.\" One of them, Manoj Tigga, was found to be absconding from his work place. He and his relative, Parshuram Tigga, work on fishing trawlers. \"Their answers to our interrogation were highly suspicious,\" Colaco said. Both have been arrested under Section 41 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443450", "title": "Class of 2012 starts at AIIMS, Bhopal today", "text": "BHOPAL: Sticking to the schedule the premier institute authorities came out with in July this year, the academic session of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Bhopal will begin on Tuesday. Expect post-graduate courses to start after six months, said AIIMS director Dr Sandeep Kumar . Classes for the first batch of 50 MBBS students--34 boys and 16 girls from all across the country--will start on Tuesday.At the moment, medical college is beginning with 34 faculty members in departments, including anatomy, physiology, biochemistry along with community and family medicine. The four departments are likely to start PG courses in the next six months.\"I think this is the first time in the world that 6 institutions of national eminence like IITs, IIMs or National Law Schools have come up simultaneously,\" said Dr Kumar. Each of these AIIMS would be have a 1000-bed hospital, 300 faculty, 700 resident doctors and a nursing college, he added. From next year, the number of MBBS seats would go up to 100.\"Our clinical faculty is getting appointed shortly. I am hopeful that clinical services should start in next six months,\" said Dr Kumar providing tertiary medical care at affordable rates.The institute at Bhopal is part of the six AIIMS-like institutions being established under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY). Built at an approximate cost of Rs 900 crore each, the medical college and hostels would cost about Rs 150 crore. The other five AIIMS are coming up at Bhubaneswar, Jodhpur, Patna , Raipur and Rishikesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441331", "title": "Manhandling of judge: Court hails govt for swift action", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after an inspector of police was placed under suspension for allegedly manhandling a magistrate inside his chamber in Cuddalore, the Madras high court on Monday appreciated the state government for its swift action.\"We appreciate the step taken by the authorities against the inspector of police, taking into consideration the gravity of the charges,\" said the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, after advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan informed the court that the officer had been suspended and a departmental inquiry into the matter would be concluded soon.The judicial magistrate III at Cuddalore, Pugazhendhi alleged that he had been manhandled by a Cuddalore district crime branch inspector, Karthikeyan, on September 4.Condemning the incident, lawyers in Cuddalore, Chidambaram, Villupuram and Neyveli boycotted court proceedings till Friday, when Chief Justice Eqbal asked the authorities to suspend the officer within 24 hours. He had also urged lawyers to join work, as boycotts would bring misery to litigants. The court had granted three months for the authorities to conclude the inquiry into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442157", "title": "Students take out 'Go Green' rally", "text": "LUDHIANA: Close to 1,000 students of R S Model Senior Secondary School, in association with JCI Ludhiana City, took part in a rally organized to spread awareness about environment protection.The rally, called 'Go Green', started from the Model Town-based school and covered a large part of the area, before ending at R S Model. Members of JCI Ludhiana City also took part in the rally.Deputy commissioner of police, Ludhiana G S Toor flagged off the rally and school principal M L Kalra along with dignitaries from JCI Ludhiana City like Amit Goyal, Rajesh Gupta, Manish Aggarwal, apart from former presidents and members of the Chapter Governing Board were present during the event.Students carried banners and placards with 'Go Green' messages and gave tips on how to save environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445127", "title": "Today\u2019s hits are 7-day wonders: Rakhee", "text": "Rakhee breaks her silence after 15 years. Tells us why DDLJ was the last Shah Rukh Khan film she likedWhy are you so reclusive? Why should I be in the public glare? I don't need too much money. I don't have too many responsibilities any more. I love my independence. There is nobody to question me. For the longest time now, it's been my farmhouse near Panvel and my animals. I think I may have belonged to the animal kingdom in my past life. And then, I have my books. I am happy and contented.Has your love for animals and plants landed you in a spot? I remember Yash Johar coming home one day and falling off the stairs because my dogs chased him. He ended up getting a hairline fracture. Another time, I got into an argument with Amitabh Bachchan when our car stopped and he started looking for the water bottles that had been kept inside. When he realised I had used all that water over some plants, he quipped, \"Where are you coming from?\" To which, I replied, \"Why do you carry a sitar with you when you don't play it?\"Why did you stop acting? I withdrew from films once I stopped getting roles of my choice. But I will always remember my journey and how lucky I have been in getting to learn from so many directors. I shared a great equation with the Barjatyas, Yash Chopra and Dev Anand. I still remember shooting at the TOI building when Satyen Bose slapped me when I didn't get a scene right in Jeevan Mrityu . I recall when I refused to shoot a scene in Gulmarg because a lump of poop was lying there, Hrishikesh Mukherjee himself picked it up and threw it away. Directors were special those days.We didn't even see you at Rajesh Khanna and Dev Anand's deaths. I wasn't there even at Sanjeev Kumar's death. When Rajesh passed away, I was at my farmhouse. I called up Gulzar and told him to rush to Aashirwad. I didn't come down to Mumbai. I didn't want to see him that way. I didn't want to make a spectacle of my tears either. But I did visit him in hospital. A few days after his demise, I placed a rose near his picture kept outside his bungalow. Rajesh was like one of the seven wonders for the industry. There was magic in his face and mannerisms. He was shy and conservative but misunderstood. Why wouldn't he come three hours late for a shot when his co-actors including me took three hours to dress up? He did not use any make up ever. Would anybody from the current crop of actors do a film like Bawarchi?What do you think of today's Bollywood? I am nobody to judge today's cinema but if you insist, here's my personal opinion. Today's hit films have a shelf life of seven days, the lyrics are incomprehensible, and the music is so noisy. Rajesh Khanna brought good films. Amitabh Bachchan brought bad films. I haven't liked a single SRK film after DDLJ . Aap kabhi robot bante ho, kabhi superman. What are you trying to prove? Be human. Taare Zameen Par was the last Hindi film I saw in the theatre.You were paired with some of the most handsome heroes of your time. You were considered one of the best looking heroines. Were you ever attracted to anyone or vice versa? I was in awe of Shashi Kapoor but I knew where to draw the line. As for the other way round, I don't know who got into that bracket. Joh baat mujhe karni hi nahin thi, us mein main kyun padun? I was engaged and committed to Gulzar.We hear Gulzar and you are still in regular touch. I can't choose my parents and relatives. But I chose Gulzar. My choices are my responsibility. My bond with him will always remain.Is your daughter Meghna making her next film? I don't think Meghna's kind of films are made anymore. Does Gulzar make films these days?Which is your best performance? Difficult question but Blackmail was perhaps the only film where I did not falter at all. I hated being melodramatic. I remember telling Subhash Ghai to tone down my role in Ram Lakhan but he thought differently.They say you are a great cook. I still cook. It's a stress buster for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441813", "title": "Only in India: Judge on info panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is likely to be on an unchartered territory when it implements the Supreme Court order mandating the presence of a judicial officer and an expert to hear appeals in information commissions across the country. According to an independent survey on information commissions across the world there was no precedent of retired or serving judges as members of panels hearing cases related to freedom of information.The rapid survey \u2014 conducted by Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative (CHRI) \u2014 says that none of the ''35 national and provincial jurisdictions had retired or serving judges as members'.' Among the countries that were surveyed included Australia, Canada , Germany and the UK.CHRI in its survey said that the SC had cited international practices regarding the composition of judicial tribunals and the qualifications for appointment of their members from countries such as the UK, Germany, the US, Australia and New South Wales (a province in Australia).Arguing that this could be an unfair comparison CHRI's Venkatesh Nayak said in most of the international jurisdictions, the Commission or the Tribunals have been treated to be part of the court attached system of administration of justice.However, Indian information commissions and information commissioners must be compared with their foreign counterparts \u2014 other information commissions (commissioners) established for the purpose of administering the access to information laws and for adjudicating information access disputes. ''They cannot be compared with other judicial tribunals established in other countries for other kinds of adjudication. We could not find any serving or retired judge appointed as information commissioner in any of the 35 jurisdictions that we surveyed,'' Nayak said.While the UK information commissioner is a history graduate and worked in Advertising Standards Authority and BBC, only one deputy information commissioners has a law degree and has practiced as a government lawyer. The other served as chairman of the data protection supervisory body of EUROPOL.In Australia, the information commissioner has served as Commonwealth ombudsman , while the country's freedom of information commissioner has a doctoral degree in artificial intelligence and law. The privacy commissioner has a bachelor's degree in arts and held senior management positions in government agencies.Both the Canadian information commissioner and its assistant information commissioner have a degree in law and served as lawyers in various capacities but not as a judge.The European ombudsman, according to the survey, has a doctoral degree in political science. Germany's office of the federal commissioner of data protection and freedom of information is headed by a former government official, who has a degree in economics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442455", "title": "Pictures of CM, minister on loan form", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to woo its traditional voters ahead of the Delhi assembly elections, the Congress government has put photographs of chief minister Sheila Dikshit and SC/ST welfare minister Raj Kumar Chauhan on forms meant for availing its newly-launched scheme, 'Dilli Swarojgar Yojna'.The scheme, launched last Saturday, aims at providing loans up to Rs 5 lakh to minorities, schedule castes, schedule tribes, backward communities and differently-abled people for starting small-scale businesses.The forms have already ignited controversy with the BJP-led opposition calling it a \"desperate move\" by the Congress ahead of the 2013 elections. The opposition, which is considering taking up this matter with Lokayukta, says public money is being used for the publicity of a few individuals. It has described it as a standard practice adopted by Congress governments ahead of elections.\"It is rather unusual to have a photograph of the chief minister and her cabinet minister on the application form. This is nothing but wastage of government money for their own publicity. A government scheme should not be used for promoting individuals,\" said senior BJP MLA Dr Harshvardhan.Senior BJP leader Vijay Goel said the move will backfire. \"The Congress must understand that their faces don't inspire Delhiites but only remind them of corruption,\" Goel said.While Dikshit was not available for comment, Chauhan said, \"If our move is found to be illegal under any law, we are willing to reconsider it. I don't think there is anything wrong in using photographs of minister concerned and CM on the form. However, if it is found technically incorrect, we will not mind removing them,\" said Chauhan.In the past few years, many politicians, including Gujarat chief minister Narender Modi and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , have come under fire for distributing notebooks and school bags with their photographs printed on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441676", "title": "Anna Hazare to meet activists today", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare will meet several activists in Pune on Tuesday and in New Delhi on Wednesday to seek their opinion about the future course of action in his fight against corruption and to give an alternative to voters during the 2014 parliament elections.Vishambhar Chaudhari, Pune-based activist of Hazare's Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jana Andolan (BVJA) trust, told TOI on Monday that Hazare will also meet members of the erstwhile Team Anna \u2014 Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Kiran Bedi \u2014 in New Delhi on Wednesday. Members of India Against Corruption (IAC) and representatives of social organizations from five states are also scheduled to attend the Delhi meeting.This is the first move by Hazare after his agitation at Jantar Mantar in August to decide a direction in which his movement should progress.It may be recalled that after the Jantar Mantar agitation, Arvind Kejriwal, member of erstwhile Team Anna, had expressed his intention to form a political party and contest elections, leading to speculation about a rift with Hazare. When Hazare announced the disbanding of Team Anna on August 6 in his blog, he had said that the suggestion of giving a political alternative to voters was welcome but there were several issues that needed answering. These issues ranged from the selection of workers for a political party, identifying clean candidates to contest the elections, securing of funds for contesting polls and, most importantly, what was to be done if the candidates forgot their stated goals and started hankering after power and money.The meeting in Pune will be attended by activists including Narmada Bachao Andolan leader Medha Patkar, former IAS officer Avinash Dharmadhikari, noted environmentalist Madhav Gadgil, social activist Sanjay Nahar and Chaudhari himself. Chaudhari said Hazare planned to hold several such meetings before deciding on his future course of action.Since the last few months, Hazare has been speaking to various people about his anti-graft movement. He has also appealed to the people, especially youths, to join this movement. A sharing of ideas is expected to take place during the Pune meeting.Sources said these meetings will also help Hazare widen the scope of his core team. In October last year, he had expressed his intention to expand the team to give representation to all sections of people and had said the committee could include around 50 people. \"However, he has not taken any decision on this as yet. His first task will be to seek a variety of opinions and views before deciding a future course of action,\" the sources said. While announcing his decision to revamp his team, Hazare had also said that he would prepare a charter listing rules, guidelines and ethics for its members.In a statement issued on September 6, Hazare announced the restructuring of the BVJA trust to create a fleet of volunteers who, besides taking up issues of corruption, would appeal to voters to elect candidates with a clean character and reject those of political parties which had opposed a strong Lokpal bill in Parliament. \"Besides stopping such candidates from getting elected, the volunteers will also take up issues like right to reject, more powers to gram sabhas, citizens' charter, bringing police under the purview of Lokpal/Lokayukta and preventing delays in government offices due to red tape,\" Hazare had said in his September 6 statement.Hazare had also mentioned that he would start touring all states to create awareness among the people. \"The young volunteers should remember that we will not form any political party or contest elections. We will only give an alternative to voters. I want at least 4,000 volunteers to take up the work\", he had said. Hazare has reiterated his decision of not contesting any election or forming any political party several times during the past several months.In his August 6 blog, Hazare had also made a mention of the experiment he had undertaken during the 2009 Maharashtra assembly elections when he had supported 12 candidates. \"The workers of my anti-corruption movement had scrutinized these candidates and we decided to support 12 of them, of whom eight got elected,\" Hazare had said. State home minister R R Patil (NCP) and revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat (Congress) were among those whom Hazare backed.Meanwhile, a state-level meeting of the BVJA trust was conducted in Ralegan Siddhi on Sunday. Alauddin Shaikh, secretary of BVJA's state-level committee, said, \"Various issues were discussed in the meeting. A review was taken on the ongoing work. It was decided to seek support of social organizations, social activists and public movements in the fight against corruption\".FDI may actually be black money siphoned out of nation, Hazare says in new blog postIn his new blog posted under annahazarethinks, Anna Hazare on Sunday said that the time has come to awaken the voters and bring about a transformation by giving an alternative to voters and changing elected representatives in Parliament. The movement will no longer be against the government, it will be against those who are sitting in Parliament, and those who opposed the Lokpal bill.Hazare said issues like coalgate and allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail has paralysed Parliament. On FDI in retail, he said, \"The ruling party claims that the move will change the economy while the opposition parties say it will spell doom. People like me feel that FDI coming in the country may actually be the black money siphoned out from our country. If such is the case, we cannot blame common people for viewing the development with suspicion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443656", "title": "Swine flu claims one more life in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Swine flu claimed yet another life on Monday leading to four deaths from H1N1 disease this season from city and nearby districts. The deceased was identified as a 23-year-old female patient from Ujjain who was rushed to Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital on Monday with respiratory problems.According to health department officials, the patient was referred from Ujjain but she died on way to the hospital.This takes the total toll due to swine flu in the city this year to two while two others who died in city are from neighbouring districts. Meanwhile, 12 new samples were sent for confirmatory test to the Jabalpur-based lab. On Sunday, four samples were tested positive with flu.All positive patients have been admitted to various hospitals in the city. A total of 63 samples have been sent for confirmatory test to Jabalpur lab, of which 51 reports have been received by health department. 17 patients have been confirmed positive with the flu while five positive patients have been discharged.Dr Ashok Dagaria, chief medical and health officer said, \"The situation is under control. Five patients who were undergoing treatment have been discharged so far. However, people should take precautionary measure to avoid contracting flu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16443137", "title": "No headway in Mapusa murder, security upped", "text": "MAPUSA: While the Mapusa jewellers downed their shutters on Monday in protest against the murder of their counterpart on Sunday, the police revealed that they have made no headway in the case.\"So far, there are no clues or leads. We are analyzing the CCTV camera footage and fingerprints,\" a senior police official investigating the case said. Sources said that DGP Kishan Kumar, SPs Vijay Singh and Allen de Sa along the with DySPs and police inspectors inspected the site once again and later held a meeting at the Mapusa police station. Sunita Sawant of the crime branch was also present at the meeting, sources said. \"We have launched an extensive manhunt to search for the accused,\" a police officer said.Ratnakar Raikar, a goldsmith, was stabbed to death and gold ornaments weighing 3kg and 90 lakh were stolen from his shop at Koskar building, Taliwada, Mapusa on Sunday at around 1.30pm.The shop is located between a bank and a money exchange unit, which were both shut on Sunday. What has shocked locals is that the area is a busy one, with there ATMs located in the vicinity and a bank. Despite the ATM and bank security guards, no one claims to have notices anything, leading the police to conclude that the the thieves could be \"professionals\".The police have issued an alert in North Goa and vehicles are being checked at various points.They are also keeping a check at hotels, guest houses, railway stations, bus stops and seeking help from their counterparts from neighbouring states. A watch is also being kept on jewellery shops.Sources said that Ratnakar used to keep his shutter halfway down and carry out his work which, could have facilitated the culprits to commit the crime. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443764", "title": "National Institute of Design workshop to give bamboo a makeover", "text": "BANGALORE: Bamboo, the poor man's timber, is being re-invented. It has moved beyond furniture to finding applications as cycles and rocking chairs in toy industry, makeshift houses during disaster management, cottages and kiosks in the tourism sector, lifestyle accessories and even in the agarbatti industry. To rekindle interest in the humble grass, the National Institute of Design in Bangalore is starting a 10-day course to impart skills on bamboo products from Tuesday, September 18, which is also World Bamboo Day.\"The workshop is for artisans, designers and architects and just about anyone who wants to learn how to make bamboo products,\" says Susanth CS, activity vice chairperson, Outreach Programmes Co-ordinator, Design for Retail Experience, NID.The workshop will teach the basics. \"Depending on their requirement, the learners can modify it. In Karnataka, bamboo grows in abundance. The only need is to make artisans aware of it being an eco-friendly, renewable natural resource and cost-effective product,\" says Kamesh Salam, former president of the World Bamboo Organisation.Experts rue that bamboo is still considered a poor man's timber and therefore a substitute. Without a market of its own, bamboo is today struggling to find feet in the market.Bamboo houses in JharkhandAs part of an agreement with Jharkhand government, NID will help build bamboo houses for its Silk Board employees. A team from NID will first study the requirements and availability structure before embarking on the five-year project, wherein they will give a new dimension to bamboo houses.World Bamboo DayOn World Bamboo Day, the aim is to spread the awareness of bamboo globally and especially in Asia, the storehouse of the plant. The World Bamboo Organization aims to bring the potential of bamboo to a more elevated exposure - to protect natural resources and the environment, to ensure sustainable utilization, to promote new cultivation of bamboo for new industries in regions around the world, as well as promote traditional uses locally for community economic development. World Bamboo Day was declared by the Thai Royal Forest Department on 18 September in Bangkok , during the 8th World Bamboo Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442043", "title": "Eastern part of state witnesses rain", "text": "jAIPUR: Mild to moderate showers lashed the eastern parts of the state on Monday where normal life and vehicular traffic were affected. As predicted by the Jaipur Met office the south-west monsoon was active in eastern Rajasthan and brought showers in the morning.Attributing the continued spell of south-west monsoon in Rajasthan to the upper air cyclonic circulation and low pressure area, the Met office said that monsoon is progressing towards northern Rajasthan where rain will be witnessed in the next 24 hours.Jaipurites woke up to a pleasant morning. However, the afternoon was a little sultry with maximum temperature of 33.8 degrees Celsius, with humidity up to 84 percent. Though dense cloud cover was witnessed in the city, it did not rain till late evening.Many places in Bharatpur, Karauli and Sawai Madhopur witnessed mild to moderate showers. Bharatpur received the highest rainfall in the state as it recorded 70 mm of rain. It was followed by Tijara (Alwar) 50 mm and Kumer (Bharatpur) 30 mm. Many places in Bharatpur and Alwar received rainfall varying from 20 mm to 10 mm.Scattered rainfall was also witnessed at many isolated places in Ajmer, Kota, Udaipur and Jodhpur.In its forecast the Met office predicted mild to moderate showers in eastern Rajasthan in the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444335", "title": "Dreamliner's Delhi-Chennai maiden voyage", "text": "MUMBAI: Air India's Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft will take off from Delhi airport 7 am on Wednesday for its maiden voyage, a two-hour-forty-minute journey to Chennai. After the Delhi-Chennai flight AI 439, the Dreamliner will operate a return flight to Delhi. The Chennai-Delhi flight AI 440 will take off at 10.45 am.Frequent flyers and aviation enthusiasts flying to Bangalore will can also experience the newest aircraft in the Indian skies as AI will operate a Delhi-Bangalore flight AI 403 which will leave Delhi at 4.30 pm. The Dreamliner will operate the return leg \u2014 flight AI 404 from Bangalore at 8.10 pm, said an airline spokesperson. The information about the Dreamliner's run is yet to be uploaded on the AI's website.\"It is a very attractive deal for flyers wanting to experience the Dreamliner. Fares on Dreamliner flights are the same as those operated by other airlines,\" said an AI official.So, instead of flying an A320 or a B737, passengers who fly on these routes can opt for the Dreamliner instead. \"Top class in-flight entertainment is among the perks that the aircraft offers,\" the official said.The aircraft has a state-of-the-art in-flight entertainment system (Top Series i8000), capable of AVOD (Audio Video On Demand) in all classes. \"Its audio, video, games, entertainment and communication features are better than the latest in-home capabilities,\" said the airline official.The 256-seater Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the first of 27 Dreamliners Air India plans to induct in its fleet. \"Dreamliner, the next generation flying machine is the ultimate in terms of passenger comfort, offering an unparalleled feeling of spaciousness inside the aircraft with roomier cabins and higher head clearance,\" said an airline spokesperson.The aircraft's 256 seats include 18 full flat business class seats with flat-bed recline and 238 economy class seats. The windows are 60% larger offering a better view from all the seats. The cabin has less noise and the air is cleaner as the Boeing 787 system includes a High Efficiency Particulate Air (HEPA) filter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16443330", "title": "Worshipping god of nature, naturally", "text": "KERI: Idols, matoli, sweets, and other festival preparations aside, there's a loud buzz in various parts of the state in the run up to Ganesh Chaturthi-a call to worship the god of nature, naturally.In Ponda's Mardol village, Rajendra Desai, under the banner of the Desai Trust, has been spreading this message for over a fortnight now.Through various activities and exhibitions, he and his team have been promoting the need to celebrate the festival in as eco-friendly a manner as possible.Says Dayanand Bhagat, a noted artist from Marcel, \"Instead of using plastic, rubber, thermacol and other non-biodegradable materials in the decorations, people are being taught the need and value in using environment-friendly material that can be easily disposed of.\"Desai adds, \"There's an urgent need to stop the use of environmentally-damaging products during festivities.\" And people, he feels, are warming up to this realization. \"Our trust's efforts received a very good response wherever we ran our exhibition-cum-demonstration.\"The trust's members, artists Vivek Gaonkar, Babuso Raikar, Uday Zathar and Mohandas Chari, demonstrated how decorations could be prepared from cotton thread, jute, paper and other biodegradable material.Navaso Keshav Parwar of Saleli in Sattari taluka, has similarly, successfully organized an exhibition of eco-friendly Ganesha idols at Kala Academy, Panaji.Carved skillfully from laterite stones available in his locality, Parwar's exhibition at the art gallery, under the title 'God's particles and discovery of Ganesh within', \"was an eye-opener for worshipping Ganesha the eco-friendly way,\" says Satish Sonak of Goa People's Forum.As he does every year, this Chaturthi too, Suryakant Gaonkar's Ganesha idol is made from the natural produce of the forests near home-seeds, leaves, stems, woods, moss, grass etc.Says Gaonkar, \"Nature- and culture-loving Goans make it a point to visit my house during Chaturthi to see the idol of Ganesha and the decoration done the eco-friendly way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442186", "title": "Congress may be ready for fresh look at Telangana", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress has reopened the Telangana debate, taking a fresh look at the vexed issue of statehood for the region where it stands marginalized since its volte face on bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh three years ago.On Monday, when all 15 ministers in Andhra government from the region, barring the two from Hyderabad, wrote to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi seeking a separate state, the leadership huddled to take a fresh look at the issue. The ministers, including deputy CM Damodar Rajanarsimha, wrote to the leadership that compensatory sops like appointment of chief minister from the region or announcement of an economic package for the region won't wash with the people.Sources said the meeting covered little fresh ground and was focused on weighing the advantages of creating a separate state against the repercussions of the move, including backlash in the coastal and Rayalaseema regions of AP and a fillip to similar demands in Vidarbha and Gorkhaland.Still, the developments in Hyderabad and Delhi are considered significant. The demand of Telangana ministers marked renewed aggression from Congress's regional leadership after a lull, but what was more surprising was the discussion the Congress chief had with senior party leaders on the nettlesome issue. It marks a shift from what appeared to be the party's position to persist with the status quo, and tied in with indications that the leadership, anxious to salvage its prospects in Andhra Pradesh, may be open to experimenting with bold ideas.A strong school in the party has been advocating a pro-Telangana stance on the ground that it would re-establish the party in the region from where it has been turfed out, and open up the possibility of collaboration with Telangana Rashtra Samiti.TRS chief K Chandrasekhara Rao has been camping in the capital for over 10 days, lobbying his core demand. He has also assured Congress of political cooperation if its demand is delivered which many have interpreted as a readiness for merger.This may not be ideal but will mark a huge improvement on the party's precarious state in Andhra Pradesh which, with 42 Lok Sabha seats, played a key role in Congress's wins in consecutive Lok Sabha polls. While TRS has been riding high in Telangana, Congress rebel Jaganmohan Reddy is on the rampage in coastal and Rayalaseema areas, leaving the party with little else than anxiety and a desire to try \"out-of-the-box\" solutions.The deliberations acquire significance also because of strong indications that the TDP is considering to revise its opposition to Telangana for almost the same set of reasons. The TDP endorsed the demand for a separate state in 2008 only to reverse itself a year later when the Centre's statement about its willingness to let Telangana become a reality roiled the other two regions. Having been in the wilderness since its defeat in 2004, TDP is considering radical comeback measures, and may write to the Centre reiterating its 2008 position.A recalibration by TDP will complicate matters for Congress, leaving it as the only formidable force in the \"anti-statehood\" column. For a significant school in the party, this will be a big political risk. They say that with Jagan on the ascendant in other parts of the state, Congress should not forego the opportunity to retain a part of the electoral spoils that it has cornered from AP since 2004.The strong persuasion is why the leadership tried to place its arm around the knotty matter on Monday and will continue to do so in case indications grow stronger that N Chandrababu Naidu is going to endorse Telangana after the session of Andhra Pradesh assembly gets over on September 24.The Centre announced Telangana on December 9, 2009 after being pushed by KCR's fast unto death, but rolled back the decision on the pretext of protests from party men from the coastal region.Among various issues, the status of Hyderabad in a divided state is seen as a subject of concern as also the peaceful distribution of resources in the wake of hostility between contending regions. With common capital status for Hyderabad unlikely, observers said the mega city could serve as temporary capital for non-T state till it constructs a new one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441207", "title": "Queer groups look to arrange maiden pride parade in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city has a chance of hosting its first Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer and Intersex (Rainbow) pride parade on October 14. Several groups, including the city's LGBTQI collectives Wajood and Prathibimb are steering the parade but police is yet to accord permission for the event given that the international CoP-11 biodiversity meet will be on in the city at the same time. The organisers, however, are busy with the arrangements for the event and are on the lookout for costume designers, artists and even accommodation for LGBTQI activists who would be coming in from other states.The rainbow groups might go in for tie-ups with NGOs dealing with HIV, groups like Kothis and Hijras and women's groups like Anveshi, Centre for Women's Studies. Chennai's rainbow group, Orinam, is also part of the current pride parade. Organisers are currently in talks with city police to secure permission for the event. The mobilisation for the event will happen at various educational institutions in the city after prior permission from institution heads. Posters promoting the parade are expected to be up at various spots in the city including movie theatres, multiplexes, IT parks, railway stations, bus stations and shopping malls.Organisers of the event, who preferred not to be named, said that the parade will be formally announced once they have received police permission. \"While we want support from various groups, we do not want to be under the umbrella of any particular group as it might camouflage the priorities of those participating in the pride,\" said a member.The issues which will be in focus during the parade would include the demand to uphold the quashing of section 377 of IPC, making schools friendlier for those with different sexual orientation and not forcing gay or lesbian people into marriages. \"We cannot represent just the LGB communities as the Transgender communities are as important to the fold as anyone else,\" said a member, emphasising how all communities that make up the queer fold will be actively involved in the parade.\"The pride will represent the concerns of all communities,\" a source said. The parade will also include supportive non-queer people including parents, siblings, friends and students.The queer groups in the city have been active for the past two years holding various programmes bringing together different members of the community. Some of the prominent event included Aks, a cultural meet organised at Anweshi and the Rainbow Film Festival, which was held in the city last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441902", "title": "Bodies of two engineering students wash ashore", "text": "CHENNAI: The bodies of two engineering students, who drowned in the sea off Elliots beach on Sunday, washed ashore on Monday.The body of R Prashanth of Vijayawada was found near Pattinampakkam and that of S Mahesh of Guntur near Anna Square. While Prashanth's body was handed over to his family after postmortem at the government Royapettah hospital, Mahesh's body is likely to be handed over to his parents on Tuesday.The two first year IT students of SRM College, both 19 years old, ventured into the sea on Sunday evening and were washed away. Police with the help of lifeguards and a Coast Guard helicopter launched a search later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "floored", "code": "16446157", "title": "Challenge at Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face", "text": "Floored: They are unstoppable; these fresh girls! With oodles of confidence, the girls at GCG-42, Friday's venue for Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh, filled all three floors surrounding the open venue of the college premises. But then we aren't surprised by this overwhelming response to the contest since the booty here involves a delicious chance to two winning girls to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear. Fun: After the introductory round, in the second, talent round, a majority of girls here walked the ramp as part of their special talent, though some also sang and danced. A perfect set of thumkas on numbers like Chikni Chameli , Tinku Jia, Sheela Ki Jawaani , shook the earth, literally. It was getting tough for our emcee Maddy to contain the crowds' excitement as they were all nearly ready to jump on stage! Simply Bindass: The girls were ekdum bindass as they stood on stage, performing, talking and asking for votes from their friends. In the final, deciding Q &amp; A round, the clear-skinned finalists were at their wittiest best. Pooja Goyal, gave an emotional reply when questioned, 'How would you react if your boyfriend dumped you'. \"I would ask him why did he do so and then, let him go,\" she said and was crowned the winner. Simple Sharma was quick to remark, \"It comes from within,\" when asked how she danced so well on item songs. Simple was the first runner-up. Kanchan Bali, who showed off her modelling skills, finished as the second runner-up. Party: And just as the winners were announced, our deejay Mick-e gave them another reason to celebrate as he pumped up the volume on his console and belted out a few quick, dance numbers. And soon, the girls perched on all the top floors too joined in the jam session. So, you think you too have that cool quotient and hot attitude that makes you stand out amongst the frehers' lot? Simply, register yourself online at itimes.com/freshface to participate and become the most famous fresher...ever!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16442791", "title": "Retired IAS officer convicted of rape in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: A district and sessions court in Chhattisgarh on Monday convicted a former IAS officer of raping, wrongfully restraining and criminally intimidating a female anganwadi supervisor 10 years back.Jashpur district and sessions judge Prabhat Kumar Shastri sentenced M R Sarthi, the IAS officer, concurrently to seven-year imprisonment for rape, one-year jail for wrongful restraint and two-years in prison for criminal intimidation. He was also fined Rs 10,000.Sarthi, who has served as tribal welfare department special secretary and Jashpur district collector, is the first IAS officer to be convicted of such an offence in the state.The women was forced to go public with her accusation that Sarthi had sexually exploited her for seven months in 2001 and 2002 after the police initially dragged its feet over acting on her complaint.Then Ajit Jogi-led Congress government had ordered one inquiry after another, resulting in delay in filing a criminal case against the IAS officer, who is a tribal.A case was registered against the IAS officer in 2004 after the BJP government directed the police to press charges of misusing his official status and raping the employee at his official residence against Sarthi.The victim was then working in the women and child development department as a supervisor in Manora, Jashpur.Police said the convict has been sent in judicial custody in Jashpur while the former IAS officer said he would move the high court to challenge his conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441841", "title": "Students bring flavour of the northeast to Pune", "text": "PUNE: Sharing a bond of peace and harmony in the city, students from the northeast participated in a cultural programme here on Monday. The students said things have fast returned to normal over the last few weeks and that they feel much more safer and confident in the city.Students from all colleges participated in the event jointly organized by Modern College in Shivajinagar, and the National Service Scheme, Pune University.While many, including students, from the northeast were gripped by fear created by a number of attacks on them, they said everything was back to normal.\"It's over now. We feel much better and confident now,'' said K Deepika Devi, a student pursuing her studies in psychology. Another student Priyanka Mahanta said, \"We hope to have more programmes like this. After today's event I feel safer. People in Pune are very cooperative.\"Chuimungla Shangh, a student of M A Economics at Modern College, said, \"It was a great programme, the NSS has shown great amount of concern.\"Commenting on the backdrop of the aggression that the students had faced, R S Zunjarrao, principal of the college, said, \"Such cultural activities promote the feeling of togetherness and harmony.\" Vice-principal S S Deshmukh promised the students all necessary help from the authorities and staff of Modern College.Shakira Inamdar, the NSS university in charge of vice-principals and teachers, said this was the first time such an event was organized in the city. \"Such programmes encourage unity and brotherhood\", she said.Coordinator and organiser of the programme Sangita Sarma said, \"Students are fine and have no issues now. They are getting to know people from the city and vice versa.\"Addressing the students, Flight Lieutenant J W Singh said, \"It's the best place in India to live after retirement and has an excellent education and job scenario,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442148", "title": "'Bandh in offices'", "text": "MUMBAI: After the Shiv Sena decided to stay away from the bandh called by the NDA on September 20 in view of Ganeshotsav, the BJP mellowed down its call. BJP leader Gopinath Munde said the bandh would be limited to offices and industries in Mumbai and Thane. He also asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and other state cabinet ministers not to implement FDI in retail sector in the state. He urged the CM to bring down VAT on diesel to soften the impact on the rise in diesel prices.He accused the UPA of using decisions for the diesel hike, the cap on LPG cylinders and the FDI in retail as a diversionary tactic to deflect attention from the coal scam. Claiming that these decisions were not in the interest of the common man and the middle class, Munde urged citizens to participate in the Bandh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442165", "title": "Woman conducting BMC survey molested in Dahisar", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman conducting a health survey for the BMC was molested when she entered a home at MHB Colony in Dahisar (W). Though the incident occurred on Wednesday, she was too embarrassed to approach the police. Finally, after being convinced by her colleagues, she lodged a complaint on Monday.A woman, conducting health survey for the BMC, was molested after she entered a home in MHB Colony. The incident happened on Wednesday but she was too embarrassed to approach the police and finally her colleagues convinced her to report the police on Monday.Around 50 of her colleagues accompanied the victim to the MHB police station where they demanded strict action against the culprit and also voiced concern about their security during their visits to residential houses while conducting surveys. The police registered an FIR at night following which some officials went to the culprit's house, but it was locked.One of the colleagues said for the civic health survey, they had to visit homes, asking the residents if their kids had been administered polio drops and if anyone in the family was suffering from dengue or malaria. All of them work on contract and submit their reports to local BMC-run hospitals.On Wednesday afternoon, the victim went to a house in Dahisar (W) and rang the bell. When a man opened the door, she asked him if there was a kid in the house for the polio drop. The man allegedly told her that \"there was no kid in the house but he needed the drop\". One of the women in the group said, \"He dragged her inside the house and closed the door. She put up a fight against him, slapped him and screamed for help. Alarmed by her cries, the neighbours rushed to the flat but no one did anything to him. As they stood there waiting, she ran out of the house.\"When the victim told her seniors about the incident, they allegedly did not pay much heed, saying it was enough punishment for the man that she had slapped him. It was her colleagues who When her colleagues learnt about the incident they came together to convinced her to go to the police. \"The victim was in a state of shock. Two years ago, a similar incident had occurred to another colleague of ours but it was never reported to the police. We have to protest against such incidents for out safety as many a time we make these visits alone,\" another woman said. \"Most of us come from lower-middle class and conservative families. We always fear that our relatives would not allow us to work if we tell them about such cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445870", "title": "Rajinikanth: By 'Bhagwaan Dada' grace", "text": "Long before he became the superstar of Tamil cinema, there was a phase in the 80s when Rajinikanth starred in a slew of Hindi films.In Bhagwaan Dada (1986), a film about a criminal who redeems himself through his love for an adopted child, Rajini played the protagonist, along with Rakesh Roshan , Sridevi and Danny Denzongpa in prominent roles.This photograph captured by ace lensman Jagdish Aurangabadkar at the mahurat of Bhagwaan Dada has almost the entire team in it. Interestingly, Hrithik , who was just 12 at the time, portrayed Rajini's son Govinda and made quite an impression.Rakesh's brother Rajesh composed the film's music. Sujit Kumar is seen sitting alongside his old friend and co-star of many movies, (late) Rajesh Khanna . It was around this time that Khanna was rumoured to be having an affair with Tina Munim, a young actress who played a crime reporter in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442722", "title": "Air India-Singapore Airport Terminal Services Ltd pulls strings for Cial ground handling operations", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ernakulam MP and Union minister of state for agriculture K V Thomas has written to Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to hand over ground handling functions at Cochin International Airport to Air India-Singapore Airport Terminal Services Ltd (AI-Sats).Singh's office, in turn, wrote to Rohit Nandan, CMD, Air India, asking him to \"look into the matter\". This comes at a time when questions are being raised as to how AI-Sats gained entry into Trivandrum and Mangalore airports without following due processes.Thomas's letter, dated July 4, 2012, said: \"I am writing to you with the request of handing over ground handling services at Cochin International Airport (Cial) to AI-Sats for ensuring quality of service to various customer airlines, as well as travelling public. As you are aware, Air India has been the sole ground handling agency at Cochin International Airport for many years... Initially there was a proposal to hand over the ground handling services to AI-Sats... However, now, Air India seems to have decided against allowing AI-Sats to take over ground handling functions.\"Thomas said Padmaja Venugopal's son Karun Menon, an AI-Sats employee (HR, admin, Thiruvananthapuram), and Binoy Jacob, assistant vice-president, AI-Sats, had met him at his office in New Delhi to push AI-Sats' cause. \"Padmaja's son had come to meet me and he wanted some recommendation. I get thousands of requests every week. I didn't think much about it. As he requested, I asked my office to write a letter to Ajit Singh to allow AI-Sats to take over ground handling there,\" he said.The TOI also accessed another letter written by Thomas's private secretary K Satish Nambudiripad to Prabhat Kumar, private secretary to Singh, forwarded to CMD Rohit Nandan on August 27, 2012, asking Singh's office to expedite the process. \"I am desired to request you to kindly look into the matter. It will be appreciated if Binoy Jacob and Karun Menon of the AI-stats could meet with you to brief you about the matter as and when convenient to you.\" When contacted, Jacob said he was acting on a previous invitation by Cial. \"Cial invited us to do ground handling at the Kochi Airport, as Air India has lost many clients to WFS (a ground handling agency), due to their poor service\" he said.Cial authorities, however, clarified that they only said they had no objections to Air India Air Transport Services Ltd (AIATSL) undertaking the work and did not 'invite' AI-Sats. \"We have a tendering process and we do not invite any agency,\" said A C K Nair, airport director, Cial.In the case of Air India, Cial floated a tender in 1998 (valid for ten years) and in 2008 it floated another tender through which WFS gained entry. According to the ground handling policy, if a third agency has to be permitted, the airport should have a metro status. And if AI-Sats comes as a third agency, there will be a clear conflict of interest between Air India as a ground handling agency and AI-Sats as a joint venture, eating into each other's business.At present, close to 210 AIATSL employees carry out ground handling at Cial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443387", "title": "IIM-B founder N S Ramaswamy passes away", "text": "BANGALORE: Padma Bhushan Prof NS Ramaswamy, founder-director , Indian Institute of Management , Bangalore (IIM-B ), died here on Monday evening. He was 87. He is survived by his wife, a son and daughter and three grand-daughters and a grandson. Ramaswamy was ailing for some time and breathed his last around 7.45 pm at his Koramangala residence, his son Rajan Srinivasan and daughter Rajani Chandrashekar said. The last rites will be performed on Tuesday afternoon.After retirement, he founded CARTMAN in 1983 to promote appropriate technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panchkula/chandigarh", "code": "16442543", "title": "\u2018Need over 6 months to assess cause of cracks\u2019", "text": "PANCHKULA/CHANDIGARH: Tara Chand, 55, who has a three-generation-old connection with Chandi Kotla, a hilly village near Chandimandir, is now worried about relocating 12 members of his family.Five days of heavy rainfall has led to his house floor caving in and walls developing cracks - reminding one of cracks found in fields of the village due to the activity of Himalayan frontal fault lines.\"The cracks in the ground have reached homes and are as long as 200 meters. The Himalayan frontal fault lines also have the same direction as these cracks and this \"coincidence\" can be serious. It takes a lot of time to analyze these geographical changes,\" said Gurtek Singh Gill, a Panjab University geologist and former chairperson of PU department of geology. He was called, along with his team, for inspection by the administration.A team of PU geologists, the state seismologists and the Geographical Survey of India (GSI) visited the affected areas to examine the geological activity.Geologists said it could take more than six months to assess the cause of these cracks and that the administration has been told to remain vigilant.\"Construction has to be stopped completely in this area and illegal construction checked. It is a highly-sensitive zone and prone to geological changes,\" Gill added.\"Right now, our only focus is to re-locate the people to avoid any serious loss. We have asked the geologists to give us some information regarding its cause so that we can decide our further course of action,\" said sub-divisional magistrate Sharandeep Brar.The fault lines in the area are being studied since two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445966", "title": "Swanand Kirkire debuts in Bengali cinema", "text": "West Bengal is calling lyricist Swanand Kirkire. After giving hit numbers like 'Behti hawaa sa tha woh', 'Bande mein tha dum' for Hindi movies '3 Idiots' and 'Lage Raho Munnabhai', respectively, Swanand Kirkire is all set to make his debut in Bengali cinema with 'Paanch Adhyay'.The movie also marks the debut of Bollywood actress Dia Mirza in Bengali films. \"Although Paanch Adhyay is a Bengali film, since Dia plays a half-Bengali named Ishita, there was an opportunity to look at things from her point of view and create a Hindi song,\" composer Shantanu Moitra said in a statement. Pratim D Gupta, writer-director of Paanch Adhyay said, \"I showed Swanand a part of the film and he came up with a couple of lines that summed up the core thought beautifully. Shantanu and I both instantly decided that he has to sing the track for the film.\"The other four Bengali songs have been penned by the National Award-winning lyricist duo of Anindya Chatterjee and Chandril Bhattacharya and an English track has been written by Pratim himself.The film also features Priyanshu Chatterjee and Soumitra Chatterjee. It is expected to release around Durga Puja in October.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443366", "title": "Civic body meet ends in 30 minutes", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting (GBM) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was adjourned on Monday, within half an hour of its commencement, to pay homage to personalities who had passed away including K Sudarshan, former head of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). The proposal of the adjournment of the House was given by the BJP group leader Sambhaji Moruskar, and other party group leaders.The city mayor Yatin Wagh announced the adjournment of the House following condolence to the late RSS leader. He said that the scheduled of the adjourned GBM will be anThe GBM has been adjourned nearly five times in the last three months due to the demise of prominent personalities. Mayor Yatin Wagh said a new GBM date would be announced shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16446586", "title": "Pakistan targets five Indian posts in Poonch, violates ceasefire", "text": "JAMMU: Violating the ceasefire yet again, Pakistan troops targeted five Indian posts with rockets and heavy machine gun fire along the LoC in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir.\"Pakistani troops fired Rocket Projectile grenades and opened indiscriminate small and heavy weaponry firing on Indian posts in Krishangati forward areas along LoC late on Monday night\", PRO, defence (Jammu) S N Acharya said on Tuesday.The Pakistani troops fired 1800 rounds from light and heavy machine guns besides other weapons from 10.15pm on Monday night, he said, adding the firing continued till 11.15pm.Pakistani troops from their posts of Daku, Roza, Khair and Battal fired on five Indian Posts of Dogra, Chajamun, Gorda, Kripan and Kranti.Troops guarding the borderline fired back, he said, adding there was no casualty or injury to anyone in the firing exchange.Pakistan has violated the ceasefire 18 times in the past nearly one-and--a-half month.On September 10, Pakistani troops had violated the ceasefire by firing RPGs and opening indiscriminate small arms firing on Indian posts in Nangi-Tikri foward areas along LoC in Poonch sector.On August 21, Pakistan troops targeted three Indian posts of Narayanpur, Pindi and Stop-2 posts along international border in Samba sector of Jammu and Kashmir.On August 19 and 20, Pakistani Rangers had fired on Indian posts of Mala Bela, Garkhal, Sidra camp and Naka Number-10 along IB in Akhnoor sector of Jammu sector, in which one Pakistani intruder was killed.On August 19, Pakistan troops had violated the ceasefire by firing on forward posts in Krishnagati belt along LoC.There were 39 ceasefire violations by Pakistan this year. Pakistan had violated the ceasefire 51 times last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442895", "title": "Bail pleas of sarpamitras rejected", "text": "NAGPUR: The court has rejected the bail applications of 11 sarpamitras caught while trying to sell snake venom. Four of these sarpamitras were given forest custody remand (FCR), while the other seven were given magisterial custody remand (MCR) till Monday.The accused had been caught with venom worth around Rs 8 lakh. \"Their custody has been extended up to October 1. Further investigations are on,\" said Avinash Anjikar, assistant conservator of forests (ACF), Nagpur Division. The rescued snakes were released into the wild on Saturday. The location was not disclosed by the forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441986", "title": "Buildings sans parking to face tough action", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government is set to act tough against buildings that do not adhere to parking norms. Promoters and owners of buildings without adequate parking facility as prescribed by the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority and the Directorate of Town and Country Planning will have to find alternative space in their vicinity to create parking space.Only recently, the state government had promulgated an ordinance to save buildings that were constructed by violating the rules till July 27, 2007.While framing rules for regularizing such buildings, the government has decided not to give any relief to those that violate parking rules. This is in view of the fact that the soaring vehicle population is taking a toll on road infrastructure.\"The new rules for regularization of buildings under Section 113 C of the Town and Country Planning Act will be released shortly and will be applicable to the entire state. There will not be any relief to those who have violated parking norms,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16443684", "title": "Bharatiyar University gets new VC but controversies continue", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ending several weeks of speculations and backroom maneuverings, noted soil science expert G James Pitchai on Monday received mandate of Governor K Rosaiah for the coveted post of vice-chancellor at Coimbatore-based Bharatiyar University.Presently professor of soil science at Regional Research Station of Tamil Nadu Agriculture University in Aripukottai near Dindigul, Pitchai outsmarted outgoing vice-chancellor C Swaminathan and mathematics department head P Kandaswamy in the race for the top post of the university, which controls arts, science and commerce colleges across eight districts in Western Tamil Nadu.University registrar P K Manoharan confirmed to TOI that the university had received a fax message from the governor's office on Monday afternoon informing about the appointment of Pitchai. Hailing from Chinnachettikulam in Madurai, Pitchai had earlier worked as the public relations officer of TNAU in Coimbatore apart from publishing a number of research papers on soil science. Pitachai's wife Mala Sen is a leading gynecologist while his son and daughter have completed MBBS in the recent days.Apart from soil science, Pitchai has interest in nano science and he has a post doctoral degree in the subject. Soil contamination is an area on which he researched extensively. \"I am glad about my selection for the post. All my strength and capabilities would be used for taking the university to higher standards. My motive is to grow the institution at par with international universities of repute,\" he said when contacted.Meanwhile, his nomination for the post also landed in controversy with teachers associations coming out with serious allegations. Aided College Teachers' Association (ACTA) president A Raja told TOI that the association will urge governor to reconsider the decision. \"Pitchai's name was figured in a gold smuggling case that rocked Coimbatore during late eighties. Though he was acquitted later, Pitchai was arrested and lodged in a prison in connection with the case. Selection of vice-chancellors must be more transparent and accountable to the society,\" he said.The association also accused Pitchai of engaging in financial misappropriation when he was dean of the Thanthai Roever Institute of Agriculture and Rural Development (TRIARD) at Perambalur last year. When asked about the allegations, Pitchai responded saying that they were creations of vested interests. \"There was a complaint against me long back but the court had exonerated me. Vested interests are levelling false charges against me. I am a straight forward academic with high Christian moral values. I never deviated from them,\" he said.Association of University Teachers leader C Pichandy, who spearheaded a campaign in recent days for complete transparency in the vice-chancellor selection, told TOI that Pitchai can prove his mettle by ensuring clean, transparent and efficient administration of the university. The university created news headlines in the last one decade across the state largely because of controversies involving vice-chancellors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16442851", "title": "One more swine flu case detected", "text": "GONDIA: One more suspected swine flu case has been reported from Purada village in Deori tehsil of Gondia district. The patient Naresh Gyaniram Nagrikar has been admitted to the isolation ward of Orange city hospital in Nagpur. Government doctors at Deori said that the symptoms seen in the patient indicates that he is has swine flu.Tests are being conducted by the doctors at Orange city hospital to ascertain whether Nagrikar is suffering from swine flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16440934", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi International Airport gears up for CoP-11", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from sprucing up city roads and flyovers, the state government is now making special arrangements at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport ( RGIA) for delegates to the global biodiversity meet ( CoP-11), slated to begin on October 1.Arrangements at the airport include VIP lounges for high-profile delegates and helpdesks to guide all participants arriving at the airport. As per the plan, a group of local volunteers will be posted at Shamshabad (both arrival and departure terminals) all through the 19 days, to assist participants with official procedures at the airport.\"The two primary areas that we are focusing on are immigration and customs. Apart from ensuring that every participant is welcomed warmly, we will also see that none of them have a problem clearing these checks.There will be volunteers earmarked for every participating country,\" said Ajay Mishra, principal secretary (political), who is the in-charge of reception, accommodation and catering for the delegates. For any other assistance, Mishra added, there would be special helpdesks at the international airport that guests can approach on arriving in the city. \"As people will be flying in and out all through the 19 days, these facilities will be available till the end of the conference,\" he said.Sources said about 100 volunteers from the state had been roped in for being part of the ushering committee and are being trained accordingly. Though the organisers are still clueless about the total number of people participating in the global summit, they claim that on most days the venue (Hitex-HICC) is likely to see a gathering of at least 5,000-6,000 delegates. On some days, however, the count is expected to be much less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16442264", "title": "Descend Dugri flyover with care", "text": "DUGRI: Planning to commute via the Dugri Road flyover along the Southern Bypass? Go ahead, but make sure you keep the speed to a minimum as descent from the flyover narrows down suddenly, making it an accident-prone spot in the city.Baldev Singh Swadi, a businessman of Dugri, Phase II, says, \"This patch is quite dangerous \u2014 while descending from the Dugri Road flyover one suddenly comes across a narrow and rough road stretch. Recently, I escaped an accident along this stretch while I was heading towards Industrial Area.\"Another frequent traveller through the accident prone stretch, Gaurav Vig of Sarabha Nagar, adds, \"Besides the obvious narrow road, big stones along the sides can cause fatal accidents. The stretch becomes all the more dangerous in the evening hours as one might fail to notice the big boulders on the road and easily loose control of the vehicle while bringing down the speed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16444392", "title": "NDRF unit to be set up in Kozhikode soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Union government has initiated steps to set up a unit of the national disaster response force (NDRF) at Kozhikode, said Union minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramchandran on Monday.The minister made the announcement while presiding over the foundation laying function for the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) unit at Peruvannamuzhi in Chakkittapara village.The NDRF unit will be the second one to come up in South India, apart from the existing unit at Arkonam in Tamil Nadu. The Kozhikode unit is being set up in the light of the increasing instances of natural calamities in the state, the minister said. \"We expect that the unit will also cater to the needs of Karnataka as well.\"Chief minister Oommen Chandy , who was supposed to lay the foundation stone, participated in the function via video conferencing from Thiruvananthapuram.The CRPF unit at Peruvannamuzhi will come up in 40 acres of land provided by the state government.Revenue minister Adoor Prakash was the chief guest at the function. NDRF director general P M Nair delivered the keynote address. K Kunhahammed Master, MLA and additional director general of CRPF, P Valsa Kumar spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16443591", "title": "Cop calls police to send Vanzara back to jail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended IPS officer and the prime accused in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, D G Vanzara, stirred fresh trouble for himself recently. When the arrested IPS officer refused to return to jail immediately after a court procedure concluded, the official in charge of security, police inspector V D Brahmbhatt, lodged a complaint with the city police control room.The incident took place on Saturday. \"According to norms, all undertrials are supposed to be produced in the court concerned every 14 days,\" said a senior city police official. \"On Saturday, the accused in the Sohrabuddin case were brought to the court under this procedure. Vanzara was among them. He was, however, brought in a separate vehicle.\"The routine usually ends within minutes and by noon, the undertrials are taken back to jail, a police official said. \"But most of the accused who are police officers prefer to remain on the court campus till evening to meet relatives and make phone calls,\" the official said. \"Police escorts often look the other way to allow the arrested cops some leeway.\"On Saturday, when Vanzara and others were brought to the court, the time of production was noted down. Vanzara's production took place at 12.05 pm. Brahmbhatt, who was deployed on the court campus to provide security to the Sohrabuddin case accused, then insisted that Vanzara return to jail immediately.\"Vanzara told him that he was expecting some relatives and he needed more time,\" the police official said. \"At 3 pm, Brahmbhatt approached him again and this time Vanzara lost his temper and started throwing his weight around by trying to impress upon the cop how well connected he was.\"Brahmbhatt then intimated the city police control room. Control room officials asked a senior police official to reach the court and resolve the matter. A source said: \"Finally at 5.30 pm, Brahmbhatt escorted Vanzara to jail.\"Deputy commissioner of police, Zone II, Sharad Singhal, said: \"When the city control room got Brahmbhatt's message, I was in the daily tea meeting with the city police commissioner. I sent a senior police official to resolve the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443590", "title": "German agency, GIZ backs out of incinerating Carbide waste", "text": "BHOPAL: Three months after it negotiated with the government of India, GIZ the German agency that offered to carry toxic wastes lying in the now defunct Union Carbide India Limited (UCIL) plant in Bhopal to Germany and incinerate it there has withdrawn its offer on Monday.GIZ had offered to airlift the 350-tonnes of toxic waste lying abandoned at the UCIL plant from where the toxic gas that leaked killed thousands and left lakhs injured.\"The extensive negotiations could not be settled during that time, and therefore, uncertainties grew on both sides. This uncertainty extended to the German public. Hazardous waste disposal through GIZ is no longer an option,\" a GIZ official, told TOI. According to MP government estimates it would have cost Rs 25 crore to airlift 350 metric tons of toxic waste from abandoned Union Carbide plant in Bhopal to Germany.Even when the deliberations were on GIZ and Madhya Pradesh government were disputing the issue of \"ownership of the waste\" and \"responsibility arising out of any eventuality\".Earlier in July GIZ representative had told TOI that incineration of toxic waste from the Union Carbide Bhopal plan is turning out more difficult that GIZ assumed. \"It is 'waste' full of emotions. As a result it becomes dangerous, otherwise it's an easy task to airlift and incinerate,\" said GIZ regional director South Asia , Hans H Dube.Secretaries to discuss waste disposal todaySecretaries of Centre and Madhya Pradesh will meet here on Tuesday to discuss about disposal of 350-tonnes of toxic waste of Bhopal gas tragedy. Sources said that following the refusal of GIZ to incinerate 350-metric tonnes of toxic waste, under pressure from the court necessary steps for waste incineration at Pithampur would be deliberated at length.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16441984", "title": "London surgeon traces roots to Madras Christian College campus", "text": "The only thing Michael Gordon Matthews, a London orthopedic surgeon, had heard about his grandfather Rev Gordon Matthews was that he was a collector of Indian butterflies and giant spiders. It was only after reading the book 'Life and Legacy of Madras Christian College 1837-1978' recently that he found his grandfather was the man behind the rebuilding of MCC's Tambaram campus in the 1930s.Michael then wrote to Joshua Kalapati, one of the authors of the book, about his desire to trace his roots. The 62-year-old arrived here on Sunday with his wife and made a short visit on Monday to the campus where he addressed a small gathering. He had only heard about the Rev Gordon, Michael said, from his grandmother who lived in MCC from 1921 to 1939 with her missionary husband.Rev. Gordon, a professor of English at MCC from 1921 to 1939, was well versed in Tamil and addressed people in the language in church. \"My grandfather, after leaving India in 1939, taught in the School of Oriental African Studies, London for several years. He died in 1952. For us children, he was a person who did a lot for the education of the common man in Madras Presidency and one who had a collection of beautiful Indian butterflies and giant Indian spiders,\" said an excited Matthews standing before the bursar's bungalow on the campus. Rev Gordon was the bursar, the administrative head, of MCC for several years. In 1919, after finding it difficult to run the college in highlycongested George Town , the Scottish missionaries of MCC began searching for a spacious campus. They considered Kilpauk and some other areas in the city before spotting an abandoned reserved forest near Tambaram in 1926. The idea was immediately accepted as a project to build an electrified railway network connecting the city and Tamabaram had already been approved.\"Gordon Matthews was the secretary of the committee formed to rebuild MCC in Tambaram where land was earmarked for the college in 1930. Henry Schaetti, a Swiss architect, was appointed to design the building,\" said Joshua Kalapati, a senior philosophy professor at MCC. \"It was Gordon Matthews who engaged in negotiations for the Selaiyur forest land with the then Madras government and Chengalpet district administration,\" he said.Michael's father Paul Taunton Matthews was a mathematician and nuclear physicist in Cambridge. \"He was born in 1919 in Erode before his father joined MCC in 1921. My father lived in Coimbatore and Madras for several years until joining a boarding school in London. Later, inspired by his father's social services in India, he joined the British Red Cross team in China during the Second World War instead of joining the army,\" Michael recalled. \"My father, who is no more, used to tell me about a Tamil-speaking 'aaya' who took care of him in Madras as a child,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16441812", "title": "Gaziabad violence: Case lodged against 5,000 unknown people", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Even as tension persists in Masuri, where a clash between the police and agitators on Friday night claimed six lives and left 12 injured, residents of the area have started venting their ire against the SP government for the law and order problem. Local residents have decided to meet Mulayam Singh Yadav on September 19 in this regard.The Ghaziabad police have registered a case against 5,000 unidentified people. Cops said that the role of Qadir, who had brought the papers of the religious book to the police station, is also yet to be ascertained. Police said that the video taken by them will play a vital role in the probe. In addition, footages and photographs will also be sought from those mediapersons who were covering the incident.On Monday, the police received three more complaints, one from a person who was injured in the incident. Those whose vehicles were damaged in the incident also filed complaints. Senior police officers have ordered a drive against illegal weapons. It has now become a challenge for the police to identify how the mob got a large number of weapons.Local residents said that none of them could have fuelled the protests as this was not the first time that a desecrated religious book was found in the area. \"I can still not understand what provoked people to take law in their hands,\" said Haji Shaukeen, head of Piplada village, who has been helping out the police since Friday.Ghaziabad DM, Aparna Upadhyay, said, \"Even though people claim that the violence was caused by outsiders, we will only be able to say anything once the probe is completed and final reports are submitted.\"Senior officers met influential people of the area so that normalcy could be brought back in Masuri. \"On Monday, the local market was opened and people stepped out of their residences where they had been hiding in fear,\" said a cop.Talking about the swelling in the number of agitators, Ghaziabad SSP Prashant Kumar said that most of those who were present in the police station started calling others on their mobile phones in frenzy. As a result, the crowd multiplied manifold within a short period.Meanwhile, on Sunday, residents of at least 50 villages held a panchayat in Ikla village and demanded a CBI probe into the matter. \"This was not an incident that happened in the spur of the moment. We feel that it was well-planned and that's why we have demanded a CBI inquiry in the matter,\" said Narsimhanand, a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16442426", "title": "Blackbuck found dead in Katarniaghat", "text": "BAHRAICH: One of the two blackbucks, which was seized from poachers in Bareilly and brought to Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary 20 days ago was found dead on Monday. The carcass bore no injury marks and examination proved that the death was cause by heart failure. Range officers have been ordered to protect blackbucks in the area.Forest department personnel had brought the two blackbucks, a male and a female to Katarniaghat reserve forest area on the directions of the chief wildlife conservator. The pair was last spotted near the Gerwa river. On Monday morning when deputy ranger Irfan Khan was patrolling, he found the blackbuck lying motionless and informed the divisional forest officer (DFO) wildlife RK Singh. The veterinary doctor of Mihipurwa Dr RK Saxena conducted the post-mortem and confirmed that the death was caused by heart failure. According to the doctor, the blackbuck was eight-year-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443334", "title": "Many Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike areas not to get Cauvery water", "text": "BANGALORE: Several outlying areas merged into Bangalore five years ago will have to do without Cauvery water. Contrary to perception, the Cauvery Phase Stage IV Phase II project of the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board will provide drinking water only to some areas of Greater Bangalore.Seven city municipal corporations, one town municipal corporation and 111 villages on the outskirts were merged with Bangalore, upgrading the Bangalore Mahanagara Palike into the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike. The merger was effected with the promise to improve and coordinate infrastructure like water supply and underground drainage, besides upgrading quality of civic services.Five years later, the BWSSB is about to roll out the Cauvery Phase Stage IV Phase II project. But many of the 111 villages won't get Cauvery water. The problem appears to be the fallout of the mismatch between the extent of BBMP and BWSSB's expansion plan, the Greater Bangalore Water and Sanitation Project (GBWASP), chalked out in 2005.In 2005, the Union government drew up a map of its own and BBMP was formed two years later.BWSSB chairman Gaurav Gupta told TOI: \"The Greater Bangalore Water and Sanitation Project was chalked out in 2005,adding areas of seven CMC and one TMC. The plan left out many other gram panchayats now part of the BBMP. These places used to get water from gram panchayats and still do.\"Expanding BWSSB's water supply and underground sanitation coverage to these areas will cost the government an estimated Rs 2,039 crore. Another problem is that the state has already used up the quantity of Cauvery allocated to Bangalore.CAUVERY HAVE-NOTSThe elusive Cauvery water has created heartburn in areas left out. The resentment is palpable as areas which will get water are cheek by jowl with areas that won't . Parts of Horamaavu (Ward No. 25) and Ramamurthynagar (Ward No. 26) in KR Puram won't get water while other parts which were earlier in the erstwhile KR Puram CMC will get it from November. \"BWSSB has a plan for half of Attur Layout but my ward also has areas like Santoshnagar and Muneshwara Layout which won't get Cauvery water ,\" said KN Geetha Shashikumar , Attur corporator.Times ViewWhen two civic bodies don't talk to each other about their plans, citizens suffer. That's exactly what's happening to residents of many former gram panchayats who've been left in the lurch now after having hopes of getting Cauvery water through the Stage IV Phase II project. BBMP and BWSSB didn't coordinate with each on this project while going about their expansion plans and just when trial runs are set to begin, these residents find they've been short-changed . It's high time civic agencies work better to ensure they're on the same page when it comes to project execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441295", "title": "Water Board union\u2019s stir plan \u2018banned\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Water Works Employees' Union on Monday served a strike notice on Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) managing director protesting the state government's privatization plans. Acting swiftly, the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department banned strikes by Water Board employees for a period of six months.The union representatives, led by its associate president K Raj Reddy, on Monday met Water Board managing director J Syamala Rao and served the notice stating that they would go on an indefinite strike from November 16.Earlier, around 300 workers staged a protest in front of the Water Board office in Khairatabad demanding the government to drop its privatization plans. Hours after the union gave the strike notice, the MA&UD; department issued a GO (Rt No. 1223 dt 17/09/2012) prohibiting strikes by HMWS&SB; employees for six months starting September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442111", "title": "North Western Railway to remove unmanned level crossings by March 2015", "text": "JAIPUR: In an effort to curb fatal accidents at unmanned level crossings, the engineering department of North Western Railway has decided to remove all such crossings by March 2015.According to sources, presently there are 1,291 unmanned level crossings in the state, which would either be closed or converted to manned ones. Otherwise, overbridges or underpasses would be constructed.\"Nearly 69 unmanned level crossings were removed by March 2012 and by the end of March 2013, we will remove 256 more level-crossings in the state. It would be done either by closure, manning, merging or replacing with a road underbridge or rail overbridge,\" said a senior officer of NWR.Authorities from the engineering department said that in many of the unmanned crossings, there are land related issues which would be sorted out with the state government. \"There are many unmanned level crossings where we need to construct railway overbridge and that would be done in partnership with the state government. We are in constant touch with the state government to get the work done,\" he said.Early this year, general manager, NWR, RC Agarwal had said that as a safety measure, the NWR will not have a single unmanned level crossing by 2015.The zone had already taken up extensive awareness campaign through distribution of pamphlets, posters and road side plays to create awareness among people for abiding by rules and norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441693", "title": "C-DAC may help upgrade India's supercomputer", "text": "PUNE: Floods, cyclones and tsunamis could be predicted two days in advance with more accuracy as India plans to upgrade its supercomputing capacity from teraflop to petaflop. For the record, one petaflop is equivalent of 3,000 computer servers put together.The Union ministry of information and communication technology (ICT) has planned to commission this project to the city-headquartered Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C-DAC) once it gets the Prime Minister's nod. Kapil Sibal , the minister for information and communication technology, has forwarded the project plan to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) after discussions with senior officials of C-DAC recently.C-DAC officials apprised Sibal of the capabilities of the Centre in supercomputing and what could be done in the next five years with petaflop capacity supercomputer. The project may cost about Rs 5,000 crore and if it gets the go ahead now, can be realised by 2017. Other countries currently having petaflop supercomputing facility includes Japan, the US and China.Pradeep K Sinha, senior director, high performance computing group of C-DAC, said, \"If we have a petaflop facility, the nation will benefit a great deal. Predicting weather could be very accurate and natural disasters like cyclones and tsunamis could be done as soon as two days in advance. If that is done, people who are in danger of getting hit by these natural disasters could be alarmed in time.\" Sinha said that modelling for a particular weather condition takes several years. However, a faster supercomputer would reduce this to a few weeks with more accuracy.Among other areas, Sinha said the upscale supercomputer can tap natural resources in the sea more accurately. \"In the past we have experienced that satellites have collapsed into the ocean instead of going into the orbit. These accidents are a result of improper simulation done due to low supercomputing speed. However, with petaflop facility, these instances can be avoided a great deal.\"Supercomputers are also used to build large concrete structures such as flyovers, bridges and high-rise buildings. \"Building these structures without a supercomputer may result in loss of money and time if the structure fails on-field. But, if data analysis and modelling of these structures are done with the help of supercomputers, this loss can be avoided,\" Sinha said.A supercomputer also helps design customised drugs for individuals as per the characterisation of the person's medical fitness as well as space research, bioinformatics among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442039", "title": "Minor altercation turns violent, stones pelted on school bus", "text": "JAIPUR: A minor confrontation between a bus driver and three persons turned violent when miscreants started pelting stones on a school bus carrying nearly 30 children near Chai Dukan area in the city on Monday. The ugly scene shocked all the children and two children also sustained minor injures when stones were pelted. Police have arrested one of the miscreants in this connection.The school bus of Vivekanand Public School was taking the students to their homes after the school. When the bus stopped to drop a student three persons identified as - Dinesh, Lakhan and Monty entered into an altercation with the driver.\"The bus stopped to drop a child when these three miscreants entered into a violent scuffle. They pelted stones on the bus. During the drama that prevailed for almost half-an-hour the kids who are in different classes ranging from I to VI were terrified and kept screaming for help. Later some passers-by came to help the kids and the staff of the bus. One of the miscreants was nabbed and handed over to us,\" said a senior police officer of Gandhi Nagar police station.The arrested miscreant was in an inebriated condition and was sent for medical examination.\"It was also found that the three had earlier entered into a violent scuffle with two salesmen identified as Rukh Singh and Balvinder Singh who are into selling sunglasses,\" the officer added.Some of the eye witnesses informed the police and 108 for assistance. \"The children were nervous and complained of dehydration. They were in a state of shock,\" said an eye witness.The officer said that a massive hunt is on to nab the assailants.\"Fortunately not many were injured in the incident. Two kids received minor injuries and were discharged from the hospital after first-aid,\" said an officer. When the incident came to the notice of the parents they went to Gandhi Nagar police station and also visited the Sawai Man Singh Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16443689", "title": "Egrets' nests sighted in Etawah wetlands", "text": "KANPUR: Bird watchers have reason to cheer as six nests of the state bird sarus containing three chicks and two eggs have been sighted by forest department personnel, ornithologists and wildlife activists in the wetlands of Etawah district.The nests of the bird, Sarus (Grus Antigone), were spotted by volunteers of the Society for Conservation of Nature in the wetlands in Bandha area of the district. SCON members, along with a team of forest department, visited the spot and took pictures of the Sarus nests, eggs and chicks.Society secretary Rajiv Chauhan told TOI: \"At one such nesting site situated among the tall weeds, an adult sarus was found guarding its single egg from predators. The bird, known for ferocious attacks on anyone trying to steal its eggs, was behaving as per its nature. When a team tried to click some photos, it attacked the lensmen several times before making a loud call that signals danger.\"\"At another nesting site, of the two eggs, one was found destroyed apparently by jungle crows while from the other egg, a chick was seen with a male sarus. Two eggs in one such nest have yet to hatch,\" Chauhan said.\"Once chicks are born, the male sarus, being taller and stronger than its female counterpart, spends most of the time guarding the nest while the female hunts for food. As the chicks grow, they start foraging with their parents on marshes and shallow wetlands for roots, tubers, insects, crustaceans and small vertebrate prey,\" he added.Sarus are omnivorous and feed primarily on tubers of grass, small fishes, snakes and snails, insects, aquatic plants and animals, crustaceans, seeds and berries, small vertebrates and invertebrates.The sarus is easily distinguished from other cranes in the region by the overall grey colour and the contrasting red head and upper neck. Like other cranes, they form long-lasting pair-bonds and maintain territories within which they perform territorial and courtship accompanied with loud trumpeting, leaps and dance-like movements.\"In our country, they are considered symbols of marital fidelity, believed to mate for life and pine the loss of their mates even to the point of starving to death,\" said district forest officer Manik Chandra Yadav.\"This year, the count of the nesting site of Sarus bird was quite low due to late arrival of monsoon. In 2010, abundant rainfall played a significant role in attracting the state birds during the breeding period in the region. Normally, the birds would have finished breeding by now, but this year they are still in the process of laying eggs,\" said Sanjiv, an ornithologist.\"Interestingly, all the six nests have been sighted in the wetlands of Bandha area, which is very close to human population,\" he added.Sarus crane attains puberty at the age of 5-6 years. During mating, the male and female dance around each other. Incubation takes 27 to 35 days. Only two eggs are laid at a time. Nests are made (on the ground) in the wetlands. Fledging of chicks takes 55-65 days.Sarus is regarded a threatened species. It is currently listed in the Schedule IV of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972. IUCN (Red List) classifies Sarus crane as vulnerable. Loss of wetlands and damage to eggs by the humans and heavy use of pesticides had led to the decline of sarus population.There were about an estimated 15,000 to 20,000 mature sarus cranes in the wild in 2009. Its Indian population is less than 10,000.Sarus cranes live up to 15-20 years in the wild and for 42 years in captivity. There are three subspecies of sarus crane -- grus antigone antigone, grus antigone sharpii and grus antigone gilli.The tallest flying bird is venerated in India and legend has it that the poet Valmiki cursed a hunter for killing a sarus crane and was then inspired to write the epic Ramayana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443214", "title": "Close mining permanently", "text": "The Shah commission confirms what we had known all along, about the outrageous theft of Goa's natural resources by a few privileged individuals, who worked in alliance with Goa's most corrupt politicians. Every Goan must think of what could have done, in Goa and for Goans, with the 35,000 crore that has been stolen. Goans struggle daily to make ends meet and many overseas Goans have gone abroad to work hard, making sacrifices, while in Goa crores of rupees were being stolen. This is not a simple theft but something in the nature of the most heinous criminal kind. Criminal proceedings against politicians involved, recovering the loot from the mining families and using the recovered money to compensate the common man has to be the aim now. The immediate need is to permanently close or drastically reduce mining activity in the state.Arwin MesquitaPut those involved in illegal mining behind barsThe Shah commission has brought out true face of the mining in Goa. Those involved in the mining loot were in collusion with politicians and police in filing false and distorted cases against those raising their voice against mining. Quepem police have filed dozens of false and distorted cases against the villagers of Colomba and from other parts of Quepem and Sanguem. While investigating the mining loot, it is necessary that the assets of police officers of Quepem, Sanguem and Curchorem police stations, from 2008 to 2011, be investigated. The government should put all those involved in the mining loot behind bars as during the period they looted the state they put innocent villagers fighting to protect Goa and Goans behind bars.John FernandesPhase out miningCoal and iron ore mining are turning out to be two of the biggest scams in the country, exposing the nexus between the ruling class, criminals, corporates and bureaucrats. Goa has become a trendsetter for the nation, now being the first to lower petrol prices and boldly stopping all mining after the Shah commission report. Mining will restart after thorough checking of documents. All concerned must realize the fact that mining just cannot resume recklessly forever, as has been going on unchecked. Towards this end, there must also be a chapter in RP 2021 considering phasing out mining after feedback from all stakeholders.John Eric GomesDemystifying Goa mining scam figuresThe magnitude of the recent scams, running into several thousand crore of rupees, is so mind boggling that the common man has difficulty in comprehending the value of the zeros. Hence these scams need to be put in perspective, so that the gravity of the scams is not lost on them. For this purpose it is necessary to convert the figures into tangible commodities. Let us take the relatively small Goa mining scam which is pegged at 35,000 cr or 35,000,0000000( 35 plus10 zeros). Now let us see what this means to the people of Goa. If you convert this huge figure into scooters, it being the most popular mode of conveyance in Goa, the scam money can give every resident of Goa five scooters at a cost of 45,000 each. In hard cash, each Goan will be entitled to about 2.30 lakh. Every family even the poorest of poor will be able to purchase a car/taxi, scooter, fridge, TV, microwave, computer/laptops, mobile phones for all and still have money to spare!Robert Castellino", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16444298", "title": "Bengal\u2019s hidden gain from diesel adds to your pain", "text": "KOLKATA: Don't be surprised if diesel gets dearer again in October without any hike being announced by the Centre and all other parameters \u2014 international price of crude oil, rupee-dollar exchange rate or tax rates \u2014 remaining unchanged. Bengal and some other states are enjoying an extra benefit in the form of a 20% surcharge on sales tax that adds up to the Rs 50.61 price tag of diesel here. Bengal earns Rs 1.62 per litre of diesel as this irrecoverable surcharge, say finance department sources. This component alone fetches the state government a monthly revenue of Rs 45 crore. It's called an \"irrecoverable\" surcharge because the state does not pass it on to oil companies. All these years, the Centre used to pay this amount to oil companies because they couldn't recover it from the states. On July 26, 2012, the Centre refused to carry the burden any longer and allowed oil firms to recover a portion of it by increasing prices. The recovery was capped at Rs 1.08 a litre for diesel. Now that diesel prices have been increased by Rs 5, this component adds up to Rs 1.62 a litre in Bengal but because of the cap, oil companies can recover only Rs 1.08. The remaining 54 paise goes to the Bengal government's coffers. However, this 54 paise may well be passed on to you as the Centre proposes to review the under-recovery every quarter.Money-spinnerDiesel price: 50.61/lt (inclusive of central, state taxes) Diesel sold in state/month 2.8 lakh kilo litreState earnsRs 264.6 cr per month Sales tax at 17% is 6.83/litre Cess is 1/litre Irrecoverable Surcharge at 20% of sales tax is 1.62/litre Total: 9.45/litreWhy price may rise again in OctoberIrrecoverable surcharge/lt charged by state is 1.62 Earnings from irrecoverable surcharge per month is 45 cr Surcharge not passed on to oil cos. Till July 2012, Centre compensated the oil companies From Aug 2012, Centre says it won't share the burden, asks oil firms to recover a portion of this component by increasing prices The cap for recovery fi xed at 1.08/lt for diesel 5/lt hike in diesel price takes surcharge to 1.62/lt, but oil cos can recover only 1.08 Remaining 54p may be passed on to consumers from Oct as Centre proposes to review under-recovery every quarter Ministers fume at tax-cut adviceThis irrecoverable surcharge component explains why fuel prices in Bengal are higher than some other states. Taking the Rs 5 hike into account , the Mamata government earns an additional Rs 285.60 crore a year as sales tax, cess and irrecoverable surcharge taken together . The Manmohan Singh government is urging state governments to give up a part of this gain to lessen the burden on the consumer. An advertisement issued by the ministry of petroleum and natural gas on Monday says: \"The recent increase in diesel price will yield an additional tax revenue of Rs 8,200 crore per annum to the states. The states can, at least, forego this additional revenue to provide additional comfort to the common man.\" The suggestion has drawn flak from Mamata Banerjee's cabinet colleagues . \"The state government has meagre resource avenues, unlike the Centre. Now if the Centre starts dictating ways to the state government then there is no point calling this a democratic set-up ,\" said panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee. Transport minister Madan Mitra reacted more aggressively: \"Who are they (Centre) to suggest what state governments should do? They should have issued a notification instead of giving a suggestion through advertisement . Our government swears by ma mati manush, and our leader and chief minister will take the call on this.\" Though the Opposition in Bengal is at loggerheads with the Manmohan Singh government as well, Left Front chairman Biman Bose came out with a similar suggestion for the Mamata Banerjee administration . Bose pointed out that the Left Front government had slashed sales tax on diesel price in 2008-09 to give relief to the common man and urged Mamata to do the same \"if she was sincere to the cause of the masses\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442797", "title": "Indian cinema going through a magical phase: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "MUMBAI: Amitabh Bachchan on Sunday night tweeted, \"late again after a hectic day on set of KBC ... BUT ... all strain of work vanished after having just finished seeing 'Barfi'(sic).\"The jubilinat Bachchan praised the actors saying, \"Ranbir Kapoor a masterful brilliant performance. Priyanka, simply unbelievable, and Anurag Basu's extraordinary making. Indian Cinema, its films, directors, actors, technicians going through a magical phase of a change over .. such exciting times !!\"Big B acknowledged that he was elated by the 'mature and balanced' performance of debut actor Ileana d'Cruz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16441397", "title": "Reward for the hard work, says Gaganjeet Bhullar", "text": "MUMBAI: India's Gaganjeet Bhullar battled two days of inclement weather and a strong challenge from Thai veteran Thaworn Wiratchant and American Jason Knutzon to clinch his third Asian Tour title, at the $500,000 Yeangder Tournament Players Championship on Monday.Bhullar carded a three-day total of 12-under 204 at the Linkou International Golf and Country Club in Taipei for a four-stroke victory in the weather-shortened event.The Kapurthala pro was naturally delighted with the outcome and said it was a \"reward for the hard work\" he did since his problems with swing surfaced last year.\"We were unable to get out of our hotel rooms for almost two days due to the typhoon, but my ball striking throughout the event was great. I told myself that I need to stay positive, have patience and things will come my way and it did. I guess other golfers got frustrated with the weather and it affected their performance,\" Bhullar told TOI from Taipei.\"I mostly hit close to the pins and landed in 80% of the fairways, which was the key in such conditions. My swing is doing fine, I am injury free and that shows in the way I played par-fives the entire week,\" a confident Bhullar added.The 24-year-old said he always felt a win was due in 2012 after a scratchy last season saw him record not a single top-10 finish from 12 starts on the Asian Tour, as opposed to six top-10s from 11 starts so far this year.\"I had a strong feeling that I will get a win soon as I could see my game improving. Today also I was well ahead of the rest but at the 13th hole my advantage was cut to just one shot over Thaworn but a birdie on the 16th and then on the final hole assured a comfortable win,\" said Bhullar, who will head to Hyogo (Japan) for the $1.9 million Asia-Pacific Panasonic Open and possibly have a bigger celebration with compatriots like Jyoti Randhawa , Shiv Kapur, SSP Chowrasia, idol Jeev Milkha Singh and others to give company.Contrary to his earlier plans of competing on the USPGA Tour, Bhullar said he was looking forward to graduate into the Japan Golf Tour as age was on his side.\"I am not going for the USPGA Q-school as I am still very young and have no problems to go through the newly-coined Web.Com Tour. Moreover, I will go for the Final Stage of the Japan Tour in November as it fetches better ranking points,\" added the World No. 240.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442628", "title": "Dengue stings again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dengue has raised its ugly head, with 14 confirmed cases being reported in this season from the city. The first three cases were reported a week ago and the remaining this week. Late onset of monsoon has not given any respite from the vector-borne disease.Last year in September, just one case was reported.\"Fourteen confirmed dengue cases have been received from the city. All of these patients are stable and have been discharged. Necessary remedial measures have been taken,\" said UT national vector-borne disease control programme officer Dr Naresh Kumar. \"With rise in humidity, we expect more cases to pour in gradually. Collection of water soon after rain provides a perfect ground to mosquitoes to breed,\" said Dr R S Bedi, president of Indian Medical Association, Chandigarh.Doctors have been seeing patients with joint pain associated with fever and vomiting. \"As there is change in the season, we come across patients with these symptoms daily. Only when the fever continues for over four to five days and the body pains do not subside, we suspect dengue,\" said Dr Parveen Kumar, a city physician.Last year, the first dengue case of the season was reported in Tricity on September 25. In 2010, there were 87 cases and the figures dropped to 64 next year. There has been a decline in malaria cases. \"Last year, there were 235 malaria cases and this year, there have been 138,\" said Dr Naresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442712", "title": "Mandals move to protect Brand Ganesha", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's mandals are fast turning 'brand conscious'. Aware of the tremendous recall their deities' names evoke, some mandals are moving to assert their copyright over the names.Prominent Ganesh mandals such as Lalbaugcha Raja, Andhericha Raja, Ganesh Galli's Mumbaicha Raja, and Chinchpoklicha Chintamani besides 16 other mandals have applied to the trademark office to register the famed names and bring value to their 'brands'.This, they said, was being done to prevent people, mostly businesses, from using their names for products and shops. Since there is no monitoring agency to check quality of these products and activities of the organisations, mandals fear the credibility of their original brands can be adversely affected.Last year, makers of the Lalbaugcha Raja idol applied for a copyright for the idol. Now the mandal has applied to register 'Lalbaugcha Raja' as a brand, to prevent its use without the permission of Laulbagcha Raja Sarvajanik Utsav Mandal. \"In the past, banking societies, private firms, shops and hospitality installations tried to use or misuse the name, so preserving the sanctity of the name is our motto,\" said Sunil Joshi , an executive member of Lalbaugcha Raja. Similarly, Andhericha Raja has applied to register 'Navsala Pavnara Andhericha Raja' (the lord who fulfills your good wishes), to avoid its reuse by any other organisation or firm. Vijay Sawant, secretary of Azadnagar Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal said 'Navsala Pavnara Andhericha Raja' was a name given by devotees and the mandal moved to copyright it to prevent its misused.Shivaji Parkar of the Chinchpokli Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal, which has applied for a copyright on the calligraphy of 'Chinchpoklicha Chintamani', said the calligraphy of 'Chi' in Devnagari script is special as artist Achyut Palav designed it with a picture of the Lord in it. \"We want to preserve it and don't want anyone to misuse it. Several people print it on T-shirts,\" he said. The mandal has applied for a copyright on the calligraphy of 'Chinchpoklicha Chintamani', said Manoj Kale of Seagull Experts Commercial Services Pvt Ltd, who is instrumental in getting these trademarks registered for city's leading mandals. Manoj's parent firm Grade Mission Group Consultancy, based in Pune, played a pivotal role in getting geographical indications registered for products like Nasik's grapes, Mahabaleshwar's strawberries, Puneri Pagadi, Kolhapur's jaggery, Nagpur's oranges etc.Swapnil Parab, secretary of Lalbaug Sarvajanik Utsav Mandal, Ganesh Galli, said they have too applied for registering 'Mumbaicha Raja' as a trademark. Earlier, the mandal's objection to the use of the name for an online competition had been turned down by the court. Parab said the case had nothing to do with the application for trademarking the name of the Lord. \"Protecting the brand is necessary to avoid any other individual or organization using or misusing it without permission of the mandal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443132", "title": "Odisha varsity to confer doctorate on Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: A postgraduate in history with BEd and LLB degrees, chief minister Mamata Banerjee will don the gown again to receive an honorary doctorate from the Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology, a Bhubaneshwar-based deemed university.KIIT's founder-director Achyuta Samanta on Monday met the chief minister at her chamber in Writers' Buildings and requested her to visit Bhubaneswar to accept the DLitt (honoris causa), which Mamata accepted. \"We wanted to honour Mamata Banerjee not for the fact that she is the chief minister of a state, but for her struggle and work for the poor. Our students will be encouraged if she addresses them. She has promised to provide us with the dates soon,\" he said.KIIT has similarly honoured only another chief minister before this - Sheila Dixit . It has conferred honorary doctorates on several foreign dignitaries and Nobel laureates.\"Established in 1997, KIIT got UGC recognition in 2004. At present 18,000 students are enrolled in the university and of them, 30% are from Bengal. I urged her to especially meet the 16,500 tribal students enrolled with the Kalinga Institute of Social Sciences (KISS),\" said Samanta. \"This is a unique project, in which we plan to educate tribal children from KG to PG and help them get jobs. This is a completely residential programme that has been applauded worldwide. Author Sunil Gangopadhyay had penned an article after a visit to the institute.\"When Mamata was elected to the 10th Lok Sabha in 1991, the then firebrand Congress leader was said to have obtained a PhD degree from East Georgia University, USA. It was later alleged that such a university didn't exist. To avoid the political controversy, Mamata stopped mentioning this degree subsequently. Having won the 2011 Assembly elections, however, she was not only invited to speak at Harvard , she was courted by the US secretary of state and the Time Magazine cited her among the world's 50 most influential women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442517", "title": "\u2018Nupur can do no harm now\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court's post-dated bail to Dr Nupur Talwar will not affect the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial, sources in Central Bureau of Investigation told TOI on Monday. Officials said Nupur Talwar cannot influence witnesses now as most of them have been examined. The two unexamined material witnesses \u2014 a guard named Chander Bhushan and a cook named Bimla Sarkar \u2014 are reportedly untraceable.CBI officials say the only other people waiting to depose as prosecution witnesses in the case now are Noida police officers and forensic experts from CDFD Hyderabad. CBI had declared one material witness, Umesh, hostile, and refused to examine another, Kalpana Mandal, on the ground that she had been won over by the accused. The agency had earlier opposed bail to Nupur Talwar claiming she could tamper with the evidence.Officials say CBI tried to contact Bimla Sarkar and Chander Bhushan several times in the last few weeks and even summoned them to depose, but they did not reply. \"Their addresses are mentioned as c/o (care of) some person in Nithari village. Nobody knows where they have gone. We are looking for them so that they can testify,\" said an officer.Sarkar was a cook at the Talwars' house in May 2008. She had told CBI earlier that she had \"never seen the terrace door locked before (the murders)\" and she used to sit in the terrace whenever she had time to spare. Chander Bhushan's testimony is important to prove that no outsider was seen in Jalvayu Vihar on the night of murder.Reacting to apex court's relief for Nupur Talwar, her counsel Satyaketu Singh said, \"She has been kept in jail till now unnecessarily. CBI had been claiming that she may tamper with evidence. Has CBI cited any such instance or given any proof that they have tampered with evidence\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442792", "title": "Poverty pushes man to steal bikes", "text": "NAGPUR: Tehsil police last Thursday arrested a 28-year-old man for being involved in a spate of bike thefts. Yogendra Ahirkar has admitted to having stolen bikes from various locations, and claims to have been driven to crime due to poverty.Ahirkar was trapped while trying to dispose off the stolen bikes. He told the police that his daughter was born around a month-and-half ago and he was in dire need to money, which forced him to start stealing bikes. Police have recovered five bikes and a scooter from Ahirkar. He had stolen them from places like Quetta Colony, Dhantoli, Ramdaspeth, Umrer, Itwari and Tehsil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442679", "title": "Modi's involvement in 2002 riots is clear: Paswan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: President of Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) Ramvilas Paswan said on Monday that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's involvement in the 2002 communal riots is now quite clear. Referring to the conviction of former minister Maya Kodnani, Paswan said: \"Soon after the 2002 elections, Kodnani was included in the state government as a minister. This is a clear indication that Modi was supporting Kodnani's activities during riots.\"Paswan announced that in the 2012 elections LJP shall contest all 182 seatsin Gujarat. Speaking on dalit issue, Paswan said: \"During my tour through Gujarat I was quite shocked to notice that the dalits in the state are facing discrimination. People are migrating out of their villages owing to oppression at the hands of dominant communities.\"While replying to a question on who will be the prime minister after the 2014 parliamentary polls, Paswan dubbed the face-off between Modi and his Bihar counterpart Nitish Kumar as a \"fixed match of wrestling\" aimed at deflecting people's attention from core issues.\"Nitish Kumar's reservations on making Modi NDA's prime ministerial candidate are nothing but a political stunt. It is like a fixed match of wrestling 'mili kushti' organised to deflect attention of people from core issues like secularism, social justice, development and corruption in Gujarat,\" Paswan said.\"The reservations of Nitish seem to be a meticulous move aimed at polarizing minority votes in Gujarat so that majority Hindu votes would swung in Modi's favour in the forthcoming assembly polls,\" the former Union minister said.Gujarat election, scheduled to be held in December, would be the new arena for this face-off, Paswan, a former ally of BJP , said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443602", "title": "Swine flu claims one more life in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Swine flu claimed yet another life on Monday leading to four deaths from H1N1 disease this season from city and nearby districts. The deceased was identified as a 23-year-old female patient from Ujjain who was rushed to Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital on Monday with respiratory problems.According to health department officials, the patient was referred from Ujjain but she died on way to the hospital.This takes the total toll due to swine flu in the city this year to two while two others who died in city are from neighbouring districts. Meanwhile, 12 new samples were sent for confirmatory test to the Jabalpur-based lab. On Sunday, four samples were tested positive with flu.All positive patients have been admitted to various hospitals in the city. A total of 63 samples have been sent for confirmatory test to Jabalpur lab, of which 51 reports have been received by health department. 17 patients have been confirmed positive with the flu while five positive patients have been discharged.Dr Ashok Dagaria, chief medical and health officer said, \"The situation is under control. Five patients who were undergoing treatment have been discharged so far. However, people should take precautionary measure to avoid contracting flu.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16443059", "title": "Man with terror links held in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A man, allegedly having links with a Pakistan terrorist outfit was taken into custody by the 'Q' branch of Trichy on Monday. Police said A Tamim Ansari (38) was nabbed at Trichy's Tollgate junction as he was on his way to board a flight to Sri Lanka with a number of secret Indian naval documents and graphics loaded into compact discs.Sources said they had advance information that a person with close links with a Pakistani terrorist organisation was planning to pass on certain vital information and documents to the Pakistani embassy in Sri Lanka. They had kept a close vigil around Trichy airport and the arterial roads in the city.Ansari originally hailed from Athirampattinam in Pudukkottai district. He was dealing in foreign footwear and was also exporting vegetables. An intelligence officer said that the export business was only a facade to gain acceptability at some strategic levels and he had also in possession of photographs of the Trichy airport shot from various angles.Interrogations revealed that he befriended a retired army man from Thanjavur and gleaned a lot of classified information from him. After viewing the CDs in his possession, the Q branch was convinced that there was prima facie case against Ansari. He has been booked under the Official Secrets Act, 1923 and was produced before the judicial magistrate - II Rajendran, who remanded him to judicial custody until October 1.At present, he was living at Alagammal Colony in Thanjavur and carried out his export business. But he would always be on the move, and would not stay at one place for longer time, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442123", "title": "No interim protection to trustees in church case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday did not consider a plea for interim protection to restrain the police from taking any coercive steps against a former Bishop and two trustees of The Bombay Diocesan Trust Association. A criminal complaint was lodged against them in 2008 for allegedly trying to illegally sell a part of the Afghan Church land to a big developer. The court said the trustees, who were named accused in an FIR, can seek anticipatory bail.The court order came after it asked additional public prosecutor Aruna Pai why had the police not made any progress or filed any charge sheet in the case four years after the FIR was registered.Pai replied that it was because of the court's earlier order to the police to not take coercive action. A bench of Justices Ajay Khanwilkar and R Y Ganoo then refused to continue the order but kept the 2008 petition filed by the accused for quashing the FIR, pending for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16443040", "title": "70% of Britons for limited entry of non-EU students", "text": "LONDON: A poll conducted for an influential pressure group on immigration issues says that 70% of Britons want a limit on the number of Indian and other non-EU students coming to UK to study.Results of the poll conducted by YouGov and Migration Watch UK were released as a task force formed to help Indian and other non-EU students affected by the recent revocation of London Metropolitan University's licence began functioning on Monday.According to the results, 70% said that there should be a limit while 22% said there should not and 7% did not know. Support for a limit was strong across political parties according to respondents' intention to vote, with 70% of Conservatives, 66% of Labour and 57% of Liberal Democrats in favour of a limit.The strongest support was in Scotland at 76%, while the lowest was in London at 62%. Women were more likely than men to favour a limit by 74% to 67%, Migration Watch UK said.There was also strong support for action against bogus students.Seventy per cent thought that those found to have insufficient English for their courses should be deported; 84% considered that those found to be working rather than studying should be deported and 87% thought that those who had overstayed their visas after their course had finished should be deported.There was also very strong support for firmer measures to prevent people coming to the UK as students if their real intention was to work. This was supported by 85% (63% strongly) and opposed by 6%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441362", "title": "Day one of session adjourned", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first day of the five-day monsoon session of the legislative Assembly on Monday saw the police arresting the members of TDP when they took out a march to the Speaker's residence protesting the adjournment of the House without allowing an adjournment motion to debate the dismal power situation in the state.The Banjara Hills police stopped the TDP legislators, who marched to Speaker Nadendla Manohar's residence following the adjournment of the House, and took them into custody before releasing them in the afternoon.\"The government's anti-democratic attitude is highly condemnable. In the first place, it has made mockery of democracy by calling the session just for five days even though we demanded more time. On the first day of the session, the Speaker adjourned the House abruptly and did not consult the members. And when we wanted to meet him to ask about this, we were taken into police custody,\" rued Gali Muddukrishnama Naidu, floor leader of TDP.When the session started at 9 am, the opposition parties issued separate notices for adjournment motion on various issues. While the TDP wanted an adjournment motion on power crisis, TRS, BJP and independent member Nagam Janardhana Reddy issued a notice for an adjournment motion to discuss the Telangana issue and demanded that a resolution be passed observing September 17 as 'Telangana Liberation Day'. The YSR Congress asked for an adjournment motion on fee reimbursement while the CPI wanted a debate on pension for the Telangana war veterans.Rejecting the plea for the adjournment motion, the Speaker allowed a short discussion on power and cancelled the question and answer for the purpose. Upset with the Speaker's decision, the opposition members rushed into the well and shouted slogans. At this, the Speaker adjourned the House till 10 am. When it met at 10 am, the situation hardly changed as the TRS members were more belligerent this time around and they rushed to the Speaker's podium shouting slogans forcing him to adjourn the House again for 30 minutes. When similar uproarious scenes were witnessed when the House met at 10.40 am, Nadendla Manohar adjourned the House for the day. Following the adjournment, the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) moved a resolution condemning the opposition parties for not allowing the House to function.\"It is very unfortunate that when the state is reeling under many burning problems including power crisis, the members of opposition are stalling the debate. We are left with no option but to condemn their conduct,\" said Gandra Venkatarmana Reddy, government chief whip.However, the TRS blamed an unholy nexus between the ruling Congress and TDP for the disruption. \"It's like match fixing. While the Congress does not want the debate, the TDP is helping it by not pressing for the Telangana resolution. If they assured of a debate on Telangana, we would have allowed a debate on power as that is also an important issue,\" said Etela Rajender, floor leader of TRS. Later, the TRS members took out a march to Vidyut Soudha and staged a sit-in there protesting the failure of the government in resolving the power crisis and demanded a seven-hour interrupted power supply for farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445168", "title": "Shankar\u2019s Manoharudu off to China", "text": "After filming a song and an action sequence on Vikram in Chennai, Shankar's forthcoming romantic thriller Manoharudu (I in Tamil) will be heading to China to commence its second schedule. The unit will be leaving to China on September 19 to film a song, talkie part and also a few action sequences on the lad cast. And Vikram is expected to join the unit from September 21.The last time Shankar shot in China was for \"Jeans\", starring Prashanth and Aishwarya Rai. Shankar picturized \"Great Wall of China\" along with other wonders of the world in the film during that time. The director this time has zeroed in one some exotic locations for Manoharam it seems. Amy Jackson is paired opposite Vikram while Santhanam and Malayalam actor Suresh Gopi are seen in important roles in this film. Also, this is the second time Shankar and Vikram are teaming up after six years. The last time they worked together was for \"Aparichitudu\". The new film \"I\" is produced by Oscar Ravichandran, who earlier produced \"Aparichitudu\".AR Rahman is scoring the music while PC Sreeram is the cinematographer. Hollywood costume designer Mary Vogt of \"Men in Black\" fame will be the costume designer. Peter Ming of China along with Anal Arasu will choreograph the action scenes. The film will have dialogues written by writers Suba (Suresh and Bala) while Rising Sun Pictures (RSP) (of Harry Potter fame) will oversee the VFX works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16440822", "title": "Galla family annexed 2.2 acres of Emaar land: CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mines minister Galla Aruna Kumari and her family encroached upon 2.2 acres of government land in Nanakramguda that was handed over to APIIC for the Emaar township, the CBI has said in its supplementary chargesheet in the Emaar scam case. The investigating agency said that it has recommended to the state government that necessary action should be taken against Galla Jayadev, the minister's son, and his wife G Ramadevi, for encroaching the land as well as the revenue department officials for granting mutation of the said land in favour of Jayadev. Action has also been recommended against GHMC officials for granting building permission and approving the building plan for construction of a multi-storied building despite being aware that it was government land that has been encroached upon. Jayadev, a former president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CCI) AP chapter also has political ambitions.In the chargesheet, the CBI also held that it was the responsibility of Emaar Hills Township directors B P Acharya, Koneru Rajendra Prasad and Srikant Joshi to ensure that the project land was not encroached upon. The three of them \"deliberately did not safeguard the land entrusted by APIIC in favour of EHTPL,\" the chargesheet said.It was in November 2004 that Aruna Kumari wrote to chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy that she had come to understand that some of her land in Nanakramguda was under acquisition by the government for the Emaar project. \"Further, she requested the CM to delist their land of 2.2 acres in survey No 27/4 from acquisition as she had a lot of emotional bonding to the said land and had developed the land into a farm house with fruit bearing plants since 1995\". However, Aruna Kumari's request for exempting her land from acquisition was not considered, the CBI said. In November 2005, the state handed over 72 acres of land in Nanakramguda including the 2.2 acres being claimed by Aruna Kumari to APIIC which in turn handed it over to Emaar Hills Township.In August 2007, Aruna Kumari's son Galla Jayadev and his wife Ramadevi submitted an application to Serilimgampally tehsildar for grant of mutation and incorporating their names in respect of the 2.2 acres of land in Nanakramguda village. As per rules, the tehsildar should have conducted an inquiry whether the said land was under any acquisition before passing the mutation order. However, without doing so, the then Serilingampally tehsildar on February 26, 2008 ordered for the incorporation of the names of Galla Jayadev and Ramadevi in revenue records and the said land was mutated in their favour, the CBI chargesheet said.In March 2009, Jayadev and Ramadevi applied to the GHMC permission to construct a building with three cellars, ground floor and first floor. By that time, the Cyberabad Development Authority (CDA) had already approved the layout plan in respect of the Emaar project spread over 510 acres including the 2.2 acres of land encroached upon by the Aruna Kumari family.Therefore, the GHMC officials were very much aware that the 2.2 acres of land was part of the integrated project being developed by APIIC-Emaar, the CBI said. However, ignoring this fact, the GHMC authorities approved the proposal for construction of a multi-storied building. \"Thus Galla Jayadev and Ramadevi unauthorisedly encroached upon the said 2.2 acres of land in survey No 27/4 in Nanakramguda village and fraudulently obtained mutation orders from Serilingampally tehsildar and building plan approvals from the GHMC,\" the CBI chargesheet said and added that the investigating agency has recommended necessary action against Galla Jayadev, Ramadevi and the erring revenue and GHMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16446282", "title": "Apple shares touch $700 mark over iPhone 5 pre-orders", "text": "LONDON: Apple's shares have risen to a record high as the tech giant's new iPhone 5 has smashed pre-delivery sales records.Apple announced that online orders for the phone exceeded two million on Friday, the first day consumers could makes purchases over the web.The performance more than doubled the one million mark for first-day online sales set by the iPhone 4S last year.According to the Telegraph, shares in Apple touched a fresh high of 700 dollars, closing up 1.2 percent at 699.78 dollars.They have soared 70pc this year, punishing those who believed that a company that was close to bankruptcy in the late 1990s could not sustain its growth, the paper said.According to the report, with a value of 650 billion dollars Apple is now comfortably the world's biggest company.The iPhone 5 will be available in shops in the UK, the US and seven other countries from Friday, with a further 22 countries getting the device a week later.Apple has warned that the strength of demand meant that not everyone who made an online order would get their phone delivered this month as promised, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443260", "title": "Widen time period for Lokayukta probing graft: Goa Peoples Forum", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Peoples Forum has demanded that Section 10(1)(iii) be deleted from Goa Lokayukta Act, 2011, by way of amendment to enable investigation of corruption committed earlier than the five year's time period restriction in the Goa Lokayukta, Act, 2011.In an email petition addressed by the GPF convenor Satish Sonak to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , the GPF has pointed out that the Shah commission report (part I) at its Chapter 26 titled 'Summary and recommendations' has specifically stated (in ground ZZ Page 200) that 'violations of MM(DR) Act and the rules are mainly after 2000 onwards.Sonak stated that the GPF intends to complain to the Lokayukta that the mining violations spanning over a period of 12 years amount to corruption.The GPF is afraid that such a complaint will not be entertained by Lokayukta by quoting Section 10(1)(iii) of The Goa Lokayukta Act, 2011, which provides that \"the Lokayukta shall not investigate any complaint involving an allegation of corruption made after the expiry of a period of five years from the date on which the matter or conduct complained against is alleged to have taken place.\"Sonak stated that the GPF has foreseen that it is open to the proposed Lokayukta to refuse to entertain a complaint from Goa People's Forum or from any other person or body opposing corruption on the ground that the complainant has not shown a sufficient cause for not making a complaint within the said period of five years.Even if the Lokayukta is appointed in the year 2012, the existence of above referred Section 10(1)(iii) implies that corruption between 2000 to 2007 will not be investigated by Lokayukta and therefore will remain unpunished as only complaints pertaining to the five years period between 2007 to 2012 will be entertained.The GPF, therefore, has requested the chief minister to make a public statement clarifying willingness to accept the request of deleting the offending limitation clause which creates a unnecessary road block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16442678", "title": "Ganpati festival: Thane schools give 6-day festival break", "text": "THANE: Almost all schools in Thane city announced a six-day holiday from September 19, after a \"request letter\" from the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) to announce a brief academic break during the Ganesh festival. \"If you can declare a 10-day vacation during Christmas, it would be a grave insult if adequate holidays are not declared for celebrating festivals of Maharashtra. MNS will protest any such move which remotely suggests insulting the state and its culture,\" said Sandeep Pachange, a senior MNS functionary here. The MNS' \"persuasive techniques\" appear to have had the desired impact as almost all schools in the lake city revised their holiday patterns in the last two years, curtailing the December holidays to one or two days and increasing the Ganesh Chaturthi break. \"It is the biggest festival celebrated in the state and has historical significance. It is time for family bonding and there is religious fervour all around. Unlike on December 31, where drunk revellers honk and shout on the streets and are a nuisance,\" Pachange said.The MNS had earlier faced stiff opposition from several schools who refused to revise their holiday calendar as demanded by activists led Raj Thackeray . \"We showed them the government orders whereby the schools have to take a decision on how to distribute 76 holidays in a year. We only asked the schools to increase the holidays during the Ganesh festivities and cut down on Christmas vacation. Some schools resisted but after our activists assembled outside their gates and started chanting of Ganesh aarti's they finally relented,\" Pachange said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446404", "title": "People want me back on Comedy Circus: Sumona", "text": "Sumona Chakravarti i s known for her role of Natasha Kapoor in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain. However, the actress tickled the funny bone in Kahani Comedy Circus Ki and emerged as the winner with Kapil Sharma.Sumona is not the part of new season of the comedy show, but her fans want her back on the show. \"I am not Kapil's partner this season. On Twitter people tell me that they want me and Shruti Seth back on the show,\" said Sumona.So, will fans love bring to back to the comedy show? \"I don't know and I am guessing this is a long season. I don't want to get stuck. For last six months I was busy shooting for Bade Achhe Lagte Hain , Barfi! and Comedy Circus , now I want sometime off,\" concluded the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441375", "title": "15 Osmania University students arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Saifabad police arrested 15 Osmania University (OU) students for violating prohibitory orders near the Assembly on Monday. In another incident, representatives of Telangana Advocates JAC stormed into the Banjara Hills residence of Congress MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao and police booked cases against them.At about 11 am, a group of seven students disembarked from a city bus near the Assembly gate II and rushed towards barricades raising 'Jai Telangana' slogans.Startled police personnel, immediately rounded up the students and shifted them to the Saifabad police station. After 15 minutes, a group of eight students tried the same trick near gate III and they too were arrested.Police booked cases against them under sections 141 (unlawful assembly), 145 (knowingly continuing the unlawful assembly), 147 (rioting) and other sections of Criminal Law (Amendment) Act. They were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.In a separate incident, 30 advocates affiliated to Telangana Advocates JAC, pushed away police personnel and stormed into Congress MP Kavuri Sambasiva Rao's residence on Road No.1, Banjara Hills on Monday evening. The protesters demanded that the MP immediately stop supporting Samaikhyandhra bandwagon. As the MP was not at home, the protesters damaged flower pots, furniture and left the place after some time.Based on a complaint lodged by the police personnel present at the MP's house, the Punjagutta police booked cases under sections 353 (assault or use of criminal force to deter a public servant from discharging his duty), 427 (mischief and thereby causing damage to property) and 448 (criminal trespass) of the IPC. No arrests were made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16442474", "title": "UPA is a 'jugaad' expert, polls not before 2014: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Unimpressed by UPA allies venting their anger against the diesel price hike, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday ruled out mid-term polls saying these will be held on schedule in 2014 since none of the protesting parties will want to pull out. He also said Bihar won't allow FDI in multi-brand retail.\"I don't think any party supporting from outside or inside is going to pull the rug. The UPA is expert in 'jugad' (managing) technology and it will manage,\" said Nitish, adding, \"All the parties want benefits of power until the last moment.\" But he warned that the parties supporting the UPA will be held responsible by the voters for the Centre's \"anti-people policies\", and cited FDI in retail as a case in point.Nitish said the UPA's decision to bring in foreign investment into retail was suicidal. \"It will badly hurt the interests of small retail traders and certainly not benefit the farmers,\" he said. Small-scale traders and farmers will become slaves to foreign companies, the CM said, adding that while the traders will be eliminated, the farmers won't get even minimum procurement price of their produce. \"No investment will come from foreign countries but the Indian market will definitely come under their control,\" he said.The Bihar CM said he suspected that the FDI decision by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was taken under international pressure. \"World forums including foreign media have exerted pressure on the PM by branding him an 'underachiever' and ridiculing him only to seek FDI permission,\" he said. \"The decision was taken when the UPA is counting its days and has lost public support,\" said Nitish.The state government, he said, would like to protect domestic capital invested in the retail sector. Lashing out at the UPA government for allowing 51% FDI, the CM said it amounted to granting sanction to foreign investors to capture retail market. Foreign capital should instead be allowed in infrastructure and related sectors which required huge investments, he added.On his arch-rival and RJD supremo Lalu Prasad supporting FDI in retail, he said he wasn't surprised \"as he always looks for a chance for rehabilitation in the government.\" When his attention was drawn to home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's remark that the people would forget the Coalgate scam like Bofors, Nitish said, \"Whether the people will forget it or question him about it, Shinde will find out in the next parliamentary elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443305", "title": "'Will monitor river water quality'", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) will be monitoring the water quality before, during and after Ganpati immersion throughout the city. The board has issued a guideline to the local civic body, NMC, (Nashik Municipal Corporation - NMC) to construct a temporary pond for immersion of idols.The guidelines and recommendations issued by the board explain the role of the various local bodies and the board itself in controlling river pollution because of immersing Ganpati idols.According to MPCB regional officer, AS Fulse, the immersion of Ganpati idols only adds to silting. The toxic chemicals used in decorating idols tend to leach out and pose a threat to water bodies. \"The studies carried out during in the backdrop of the festivities have revealed that the water quality deteriorates with respect to conductivity, bio-chemical oxygen demand and concentration of heavy metals,\" Fulse said.On the role of the board, the officer said the water would be monitored at most of the immersion sites in three stages - pre-immersions, during immersions and post immersions where appropriate numbers of samples would be collected to determine the water quality. After that, various tests would be carried out for the same.On the guidelines for the citizens of Nashik, the board has asked the them to have their idols made from traditional clay instead of baked clay or even made out of Plaster of Paris. The paints used to decorate the idol should also preferably be non-toxic. The board has further asked the local bodies - be it corporation or municipal councils- to construct artificial ponds for the immersion of the idols instead of carrying out the activity in the river or the other water drinking source to prevent it from pollutants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443398", "title": "If Hazare is indeed reluctant to form a political party, his instincts are right", "text": "If Anna Hazare is indeed reluctant to turn his anti-corruption movement into a political party, his instincts are right. As a powerful voice from within civil society, Team Anna played an important role in highlighting the issue of corruption and in ensuring some progress towards India getting a Lokpal bill. Its ability to play that role is not independent of the fact that it was avowedly outside the arena of party politics. On the contrary, that was an important part of its appeal for most people drawn to the movement it launched. The chances that this will be lost the moment Team Anna joins the political mainstream and hence becomes one of several choices before the electorate are high indeed.Related story:  IAC's survey contradicts Anna", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16441862", "title": "Substation work in Sector 148 to start within a month", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) is expected to start work on a new 400KV substation in Sector 148 in a month as Noida Authority handed over around 55,000 sqm land for the project last week. This substation is one of the two projects proposed by UPPCL to boost power transmission in the district. At present, a single 400KV substation in Pali provides power to the entire district, including the twin cities of Noida and Greater Noida.Physical possession of land had been delayed for over a year due to the land acquisition row. Noida Authority will hand over another 25,000 sqm land to UPPCL at the same site in the next phase to be used by the transmission company to expand other construction works related to the substation project.\"Civil works would commence within a month. We have written to the Lucknow head office to finalize tendering process and technical design of the project,\" said CL Gupta, UPPCL superintending engineer.The transmission company had initially proposed for a conventional substation in Sector 148, but it will now go in for a gas-insulated plant even though its cost would increase by around 1.7 times. \"The need for a gas-insulated substation has arisen due to shortage of land,\" added Gupta.This 400KV substation, along with another one proposed to be built in Sector 123, would be enough to suffice power needs of Noida and Greater Noida for at least a decade. Both these substations have been planned keeping in mind the amount of power to be provided to the district through a larger 765KV substation, land for which has already been identified in the Yamuna Expressway Authority township.A loan of Rs 210 crore for the Sector 148 substation has been sanctioned by the Rural Electrification Corporation. Noida Authority will sanction another Rs 200 crore for the 220KV and 132KV components of the Sector 148 substation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16442848", "title": "Bumper paddy production likely", "text": "BHANDARA: Despite a delayed monsoon, incessant rains in the district since mid July may result in bumper production of paddy, except in some portions of Lakhandur and Paoni where standing crop has been damaged. However, soyabean production has been hit due to heavy rains.As far as paddy is concerned, CM Kamble from Bhandara Zilla Parishad said that the crop is cultivated on 1,78,445 hectares. \"The crop is in the last leg of harvesting and needs only one or two round of water. If rains continue till middle of next month, then the crop won't need further watering.\"However, paddy cultivators are facing acute shortage of urea. The district is allotted quota of 20,000 MT of urea but only 13,000 MT has been supplied. If the remaining quota is received in time then only it can serve its purpose. It is expected to be given in a few days, it was learnt.They are not demanding other fertilizers like DAP and complex fertilizer.Last year per hectare productivity was 18.11 quintal of rice , this year it will be 20 quintals of rice per hectare.ZP distributes uniforms to 35,755 studentsThe Bhandara Zilla Parishad has distributed uniforms to 35,755 school students in the district. Each student has been given a pair of school dress. The ZP has spent Rs2.75 crore on distribution of uniforms, which has helped in reducing the school drop out rate in rural areas, said sources.Each school dress for boys costs Rs363 and Rs331 for girl students. 11,889 girl and boys students studying in zilla parishad schools are benefitted by the state government scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442711", "title": "Now, course on Gandhian strategies of management", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At a time when erosion of values is cited as a major problem in every field, Gandhian Smaraka Nidhi here is on a mission to spread the Gandhian strategies of management among aspiring leaders.Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi working chairman N Radhakrishnan said the effort is to sensitize aspiring leaders on virtues and powers of Gandhian principles in a day-to-day context. \"Gandhian strategies and principles can be applied effectively in every aspect of life. A good understanding would help youngsters address all obstacles in their path to success.\"The seven-module programme introduced at the Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi headquarters is modelled on a similar programme that they piloted in Harvard University. \"We got a good response when we conducted a short course at Harvard. Of course, this is not an MBA course. But the lessons would empower students to counter dilemmas in a better way,\" he said.The course contains modules such as Gandhian development perspectives, Gandhian alternatives, social justices and Gandhian strivings, the changing contours of today's life and Gandhian Ethics and Gandhi ,after Gandhi - A Critique. The programme is structured in an interactive and analytical mode, wherein each session will be led by two experts who will initiate the discussion, followed by an analysis. Kerala University vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan launched the course at Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi on Monday.Around 30 youth and women activists from here and adjoining places have joined the course. The faculty comprises Prof V Ramdas, Dr V Reghu, Prof N Gopalakrishnan, N Nanukuttan Nair, Dr Jacob Pulicken, G Sadanandan and M Sivasankaran Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443404", "title": "Jheel Mahotsav in Bhopal in Jan", "text": "BHOPAL: 'Jheel Mahotsav' Bhopal will be held in January next year. Government departments have started preparations of the festival. Chief secretary R Parsuram reviewed preparation for the first meeting of the festival at the Mantralaya on Monday, said an official spokesperson.The festival would be organised at various locations like the Boat Club, Khanugaon, Sair Sapata, Kaliasot Dam, Motia Lake, Benazir Lake, Shahpura Lake and Lower Lake among others.Common man would be motivated to keep lakes clean and free of rubbish. NGOs would also take part in the programme. It is proposed for the first time that canoe polo should be organised in the Shahpura Lake.At the meeting convened on Monday, it was informed that the festival would take place during the second week of January.The chief secretary instructed that departments of tourism, housing and environment, urban administration and development (UAD), culture, municipal corporation and district administration, Bhopal, among others would coordinate in connection with the festival, the spokesman added.The festival would have flower shows, essay and painting competition, food festival, kite flying competition, puppet shows and cultural programmes. Besides, western band and police and military bands would also performed at the festival. Events related to marathon, cycling and photography would be organized, the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16445228", "title": "Pak PM agrees to reopen graft cases against President Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In a setback to President Zardari, Pakistan Prime Minister Pervez Ashraf has told the Supreme Court that the govt will open the graft cases against President Zadari.The Pak PM told SC that he has instructed authorities to revoke former AG's letter asking for closure of graft cases against the President in Switzerland .The Supreme Court has asked the govt to revoke the letter in two to three days. The Pakistan apex court has adjourned the case till September 25 and exempted the Prime Minister from personal appearance.At the last hearing on August 27, a five-judge bench accepted Ashraf's plea for more time to address the issue of reopening the cases against Zardari and gave him three weeks.Ashraf is the second premier to appear in the apex court to face a contempt charge for refusing to revive the cases against Zardari in Switzerland.His predecessor, Yousuf Raza Gilani , was convicted of contempt and disqualified in June.The Supreme Court has been pressuring the government to revive the cases against the president since December 2009, when it struck down a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf that benefited Zardari and over 8,000 others.The government has refused to act, saying the president enjoys immunity in Pakistan and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16443301", "title": "I am ready even for CBI probe: Gulzar Singh Ranike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab governor Shivraj V Patil on Monday accepted the resignation of animal husbandry minister Gulzar Singh Ranike even as the tainted former minister said that he was ready for a CBI probe into allegations of fund embezzlement against him. He is the third minister to quit since SAD-BJP government returned to power in March this year.Meanwhile, Ranike blamed the Amritsar administration for the embezzlement by \"keeping him in dark about the procedure of disbursement of rural development grants\". The disgraced minister and his personal assistant are accused of bungling funds meant for development of villages. The state government has already handed over the probe to the vigilance bureau.\"There is a procedure by which the funds are made available to sarpanchs of villages and district administration should have ensured that the system was being followed,\" said Ranike in Amritsar on Monday. He was accompanied by his son Gurinderpal Singh alias Lally Ranike, who is also a Shiromani Gurdwara Parbhandhak Committee (SGPC) member.The tainted minister claimed that he had never given written or verbal instructions to hand over the development grant cheques to any person other than those entitled to receive them.About the vigilance inquiry marked into the scam by Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, Ranike said, \"I am ready even for a CBI probe. Let them conduct an inquiry into the allegations, I will emerge unscathed.\"Ranike also accused his former PA Sarabdyal Singh of \"stabbing him in the back\".Meanwhile, The bail application of Sarabdyal Singh, tainted Personal Assistant of former cabinet minister Gulzar Singh Ranike, couldn't be heard in the court as the judge remarked that since two more persons Om Parkash and Amit Kumar , involved in same case, had also moved bail applications in another court , the hearing of all bail applications of the case would be heard in a same court. The case is likely to come up for hearing in court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16443143", "title": "Anti-sand mining group assaulted in Pernem", "text": "MAPUSA: The sand mining mafia allegedly assaulted activist Raghoba Mahale and others at Pernem on Saturday night.Mahale along with the panchayat body of Mopa-Uguem-Tamboxem had launched a movement against illegal sand mining and storing recently.The recent gram sabha of the Mopa-Uguem-Tamboxem village panchayat passed a resolution demanding a ban on illegal sand extraction in the Tiracol river. The panchayat had submitted a memorandum to the mamlatdar of Pernem demanding a ban on illegal sand extraction in the village.Locals alleged that despite complaints to the authorities concerned, illegal sand extraction is flourishing.\"Despite approaching all the authorities to stop the illegal activity, nothing was happening. I, along with Raghoba Mahale and two others, went out in a van at about 10.30pm on Saturday to see whether sand extraction is going on,\" sarpanch Vinayak Mahale said.\"We saw that two canoes were extracting sand at Jaitir devasthan in Porascadem-Pernem and we immediately called the police,\" Mahale said.The sarpanch informed TOI that when the police reached the spot, the canoes fled.The sarpanch along with three others had a discussion with the police and later police had to attend to another call.\"As soon as the police left and we entered the van, suddenly, around 12 persons ambushed and assaulted us. Mahale got injuries on his shoulder,\" the sarpanch said. Mahale, a resident of Ugvem, complained to Pernem police that the accused Robert Fernandes, Thomas Fernandes, Moraes, Rosario and Satyawan Gaonkar, all residents of Porascodem-Pernem and six others with their common objective formed an unlawful assembly and wrongfully restrained him and others, who were proceeding in their van.He complained that the accused damaged the van by breaking the front glass and deflated both rear tyres, assaulted him and others , thereby causing injuries to his shoulders. He alleged that Robert also snatched his gold chain from his neck and cash of Rs 6,000 from his shirt pocket, while another accused snatched the key of the van.Mahale stated that the accused threatened him and others with dire consequences.Pernem police booked the offence under Sections 143, 147, 341, 427, 323, 379, 56 (II) read with 149 IPC and arrested the accused, who were later released on bail by the JMFC, Pernem. A counter complaint has been lodged with the Pernem police against Raghoba Mahale and the sarpanch Vinayak Mahale.Satyawan Gaonkar complained that Vinayak and Raghoba and six others with their common objective formed an unlawful assembly and set fire to his hut at Ameren-Porascadem meant for storing miscellaneous belongings thereby causing damages. He also complained that the accused persons damaged the hut of Shambu Gadekar of Casulem, Pernem.On Sunday, the local MLA and speaker of the legislative assembly ,Rajendra Arlekar, met the people and assured them of strong action against illegal sand extraction. \"Illegal sand extraction will be dealt with a firm hand. If it is not in the interest of the people it should be stopped,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444055", "title": "Maha Sadan \u2018scam\u2019 : ACB to probe Bhujbal\u2019s role", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department has given the go-ahead to the anti-corruption bureau to initiate a probe into the alleged irregularities committed by state public works department minister Chhagan Bhujbal in the reconstruction of Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. A senior home department official confirmed the development on Monday which, political observers say, is a blow to the senior NCP leader.The probe sanction comes close on the heels of BJP leader and former MP Kirit Somaiya alleging irregularities in the reconstruction of the state government's guesthouse in Delhi. Somaiya had even filed a PIL in the Bombay high court . On July 20, TOI reported that the Maharashtra Sadan was mired in controversy following revelations that companies owned by Bhujbal's family and associates were involved in the construction. The multi-crore contract was given by the PWD to a little-known contractor allegedly without calling for tenders. Bhujbal denied Somaiya's charge. \"Let there be a probe, there are no irregularities in the work. The Maharashtra government has in no way suffered revenue losses in the project,\" Bhujbal said, adding: \"Somaiya's charges are politically motivated and baseless.\"Bhujbal also clarified that it was not he who awarded the Maharashtra Sadan reconstruction contract. \"A cabinet subcommittee on infrastructure was given the task of scrutinizing and awarding the contract.\" The sub-committee , he added , had obtained the remarks of the finance , planning, urban development, transport and law &amp; judiciary departments before clearing the proposal.There were reports in a section of the media that home minister R R Patil was not keen on ordering a probe as Bhujbal belonged to the NCP. However, the home department official said: \"We have indeed gone ahead with the probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443681", "title": "NS Ramaswamy : He pioneered taking tech to hinterland", "text": "BANGALORE: Clad in kurta pyjama, sporting a flowing white beard and holding a strong walking stick in hand, NS Ramaswamy was a multi-dimensional personality. He pioneered application of management science concepts and techniques to neglected sectors of economic and social life.His NGO, Centre for Action, Research and Technology for Man, Animal and Nature (CARTMAN), established in 1983, promoted application of appropriate technology and relevant management to the vast unorganized and rural sector.He was engaged in at least 20 missions from Indian heritage to management to bullock carts, modern abattoirs and animal welfare. He was consultant to the UN, FAO, World Bank and many global organizations. He served as chairman of the Animal Welfare Board of India and Meat Committee and fought for modernisation of slaughter houses. The HRD ministry had appointed Ramaswamy as national professor in recognition of his contribution in the field of management.Born in Thrissur, Kerala, Ramaswamy was son of NR Srinivasa Iyer, IPS, a former Kerala IG of Police. He participated in the freedom struggle as a student volunteer . He went on to obtain BSc and BE degrees from Madras University. He had his postgraduate education in Glasgow, Leigh and Stanford Universities. He married Rajam Parvathi in May 1949.In 1962, he was the first and youngest professor of management in Mumbai (then Bombay) University. He was founder director of NITIE, Mumbai.As founder-director of IIM-B , Ramaswamy was involved in building the institution from scratch. He was with it from the time it started functioning out of St Joseph's College of Commerce, and some other rented buildings in 1973 to the time it was shifted to its present Bannerghatta Road campus.He retired in 1986 but strived to implement his various visions and missions through his two NGOs: Indian Heritage Academy (IHA) and CARTMAN . He was awarded Padma Bhushan in 2006 for social service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16440676", "title": "Now, VK Malhotra faces court heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: After IOA chief Suresh Kalmadi , it is the turn of Vijay Kumar Malhotra to face the heat. The Delhi high court on Monday virtually ensured the veteran politician won't be able to contest the elections of Archery Association of India (AAI) of which he is the president, asking the body to stick to the National Sports Development Code for holding polls on September 29.A division bench of Acting Chief Justice AK Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw also directed the sports ministry to instruct AAI to enforce the sports code while holding the election.\"The Centre and the Archery Association of India are directed to ensure that the election for various posts to be held as per the National Sports Development Code,\" the bench said, making it clear it will pass another order later on the plea for appointment of a retired high court or Supreme Court judge as the returning officer for the election.The bench was hearing a plea made by Rahul Mehra, an advocate, who alleged that AAI had held its last election in February 2008 and that the election, scheduled for February this year, has been repeatedly postponed.Alleging that Malhotra is instrumental in not holding the election, the petitioner said, \"VK Malhotra is not conducting the election as he will be ineligible to contest the next election of AAI.\"Mehra highlighted that Malhotra, also a senior BJP leader, has been holding the president's post for more than 37 years and he is 80 years old.According to the sports code, a president who has been elected for three consecutive terms (12 years) or has turned 70, can't contest again. In the case of secretary and treasurer, there has to be a cooling period of four years after two consecutive terms.Mehra in his plea has also sought a direction to the centre to de-recognise the sports body in case it failed to conduct the polls as per the sports guidelines. HC is hearing a PIL by Mehra, seeking judicial intervention to rid the sports bodies of various alleged maladies.Last week, the court had also directed the Indian Olympic Association to hold the election as per the government's sports code. It virtually barred Kalmadi from seeking his re-election as the body's president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441945", "title": "Can't extend campaign time: Election Commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission has been urged to allow voters more time to know their candidates than the fortnight or so they currently get to familiarize themselves with the financial and criminal backgrounds of those in the fray.The idea, conveyed informally to the EC by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), moots a longer campaigning period of a month to 45 days to allow voters to know their candidates better and make their choice more objectively.The existing 'Know-Your-Candidate' (KYC) initiative of the EC does place the candidate's financial and criminal background in public domain. But it kicks in only post-nomination, leaving voters no more than 13 days to scroll through the information. Many feel this allows the electorate \u2014 particularly the growing breed of young, inquisitive voters that political parties are increasingly targeting their campaigns at \u2014 little time to know the candidates they must choose from.One of the suggestions made by ADR to correct this anomaly was to increase the intervening period between the nomination process and the actual poll, from the current 15 days to a month or 45 days. This, it was felt, would give enough time for the voter to scan and compare the antecedents of the candidates in the fray , thus aiding him in making the right choice.Though the Election Commission is said to have held internal discussions on the suggestion regarding the proposed KYC model \u2014 crafted on the system followed in many western democracies \u2014 but the dominant view was that it was not suited to Indian conditions. Given the money and muscle power that are integral to the election campaigns here, a longer gap between completion of nominations and polling would only add to costs and political clashes. This, the EC felt, would be counter-productive to its efforts to make elections fairer and more transparent.Though there is the option of political parties declaring candidates well in advance and volunteering information on these candidates even before their file their nomination, this has not found many takers as most parties are unwilling to finalize their ticket distribution much ahead of the poll.\"Unfortunately, unlike the US where KYC is a successful programme as nominations are made well before the poll, the Indian system barely allows the voter a fortnight to decide his favoured candidate. So, unless a candidate is being renominated, voters don't get enough time to weigh his suitability based on hard facts and figures,\" ADC founder and trustee, Trilochan Sastry, told TOI.According to Sastry, the ADR has for now made suggestions to make the current KYC system more effective. \"We requested EC to make the candidate information available within 24 hours of withdrawal of nominations, unlike the present system where it is put in public domain only two to three days later...besides, we sought that a one-page summary of candidate's information be put up, to which the commission has agreed,\" he added.Times ViewThe idea of a longer campaign seems attractive on the face of it because it would certainly give more time for the electorate to be made aware of the pluses and minuses of various candidates. However, there is a serious downside to the proposal which must be dealt with. The model code of conduct is in force from the moment the elections are announced to the day of the polls. While it prevents ruling parties from abusing their power to give sops to voters, it also does act as a constraint on government decision making. If it is in operation for a longer period, that could become a more serious problem than it currently is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16446216", "title": "BPO company Firstsource to create 100 jobs in Northern Ireland", "text": "LONDON: Amidst recession and job losses, Indian call centre major Firstsource has spread cheer by announcing the creation of nearly 100 new jobs in Londonderry, making it one of the largest employers in Northern Ireland.A Firstsource spokeswoman said today that in Northern Ireland the company has had operational centres in Belfast and Londonderry since 2006.It now has six centres in the UK: two each in Belfast and Londonderry and one each in Middlesbrough and Cardiff , employing over 3,500 in the UK.She said the current recruitment in Londonderry is part of the company's \"seasonal ramp for a longstanding client\".The extra staff will handle calls for Sky. The company already has 1,200 employees in the city and another 800 in Belfast.Welcoming the announcement, Foyle MP Mark Durkan said: \"This is very good news at a time when there's not a lot of good news on the jobs front. It's a credit to the company, it's a credit to the local management and particularly it's a credit to the existing workforce\".He added: \"It is their performance, the quality of their productivity, that has helped extend new work for other people.\"From its offices in Northern Ireland, Firstsource provides help for a range of customers across the financial services, telecom and media, travel and healthcare industries in Europe, Asia and North and South America.The company has 34 call centres worldwide and employs more than 17,000 people across four continents.It specialises in providing outsourced services including contact centre, back-office processing and debt-collection services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442754", "title": "Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter: Investigator safe from arrest", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Monday assured the Gujarat high court (HC) that it would not arrest the former investigator and one of the accused cops in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case - deputy superintendent of police at Sarkhej, R K Patel, till September 26.CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani submitted before Justice Sonia Gokani that it would not take any coercive action till further hearing on Patel's anticipatory bail plea. The hearing on this application has been delayed following the issue that arose about jurisdiction of a Danta court to take cognizance of the chargesheet which names Patel along with 19 others.The local court in Danta is to decide on the issue of jurisdiction on Tuesday.In his plea, Patel has stated that during his three years' tenure as investigator of this case, he charge-sheeted 13 persons. He also stated that it was his investigation that brought out the fact that Tulsiram was not killed in an encounter, but it was a murder. He supplied both the chargesheets to HC.Besides, Patel has stated that he had conducted the probe under strict guidance of the head of CID (crime). He claimed to have taken each step in this investigation after obtaining due permission from his superiors. Patel has claimed that he has not been served with any complaint or FIR, but he has reasons to believe that he could be arrested in this case.Demanding anticipatory bail, Patel has assured of his availability and co-operation for the purpose of investigation. He stated that the CBI has summoned him on 51 occasions, and he \"dutifully\" remained present and co-operated in the probe.Tulsiram was killed near Chhapri village of Banaskantha on December 28, 2006. He was allegedly killed after the inquiry officer V L Solanki sought permission from ADGP Geetha Johri to interrogate him in the Udaipur Central Jail.The CBI has accused Johri and her superior officers - O P Mathur and P C Pande of murder, criminal conspiracy and destruction of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442654", "title": "Teachers fume as students dial to wish Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To mark the 62th birthday of CM Narendra Modi, leaders associated with the Ahmedabad City BJP Yuva Morcha visited 12-odd colleges and asked the students to make congratulatory missed calls on a particular number which sends messages to the CM.Eyebrows were raised when the yuva morcha leaders went inside classrooms during official timing of the college and had conversations with the students. \"The leaders were seen canvassing with the students and explaining to them that they should make a missed call on a designated number to wish the CM on his birthday,\" said a senior teacher.\"It was weird. The leaders were interrupting lectures for political agenda. These leaders with political ambitions were out to secure brownie points only,\" he added.President of the Ahmedabad City BJP Yuva Morcha, Pankaj Shukla said that 18,000-odd messages were sent to the CM by the students who were keen to make a goodwill gesture for the CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446519", "title": "There's nothing in the name, says Dhwani", "text": "Honeyrose changed her name from Honeyrose to Dhwani, which is the name of her character in Trivandrum Lodge.But she is going to wait and watch for its results, she says. \"I don't think there is anything in a name; I like my name Honeyrose, but let us see.\"Trivandrum Lodge is the kind of film which she has been wanting to do since she entered the industry a few years back. \"It's an extremely interesting character. And I had to go through a complete make over for it. Initially, I had rough, curly hair which I got straightened for the sake of films. But the character for VKP's film required curly hair so we had to do it up every day of the shoot, it took some two hours each day.\" But working in the film was fun, she says.\"I have never come across such a set. Of course, Jayasurya and VKP keep taking digs at people around them all the time but it wasn't just them, you become like them after a few days. Children, adults and everyone were noisy, even while a scene was being shot. Usually, there is pindrop silence during a shoot. I felt sad when the shoot got over,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442946", "title": "Reliance Cement awaiting forest nod for Mukutban plant", "text": "NAGPUR: Reliance Group, which has recently forayed into cement business, expects to start its first integrated unit located at Mahiyar in Madhya Pradesh by mid-2014. However, there may be a gap of six months at least for another one planned at Mukutban in Yavatmal district to get commissioned. The gap is due to a forest clearance being awaited for a part of the limestone mines in Mukutban from where raw material will be sourced.\"The mines are divided into three parts. Stage 2 forest clearance is awaited for one-sixth portion of one of the mines. The clearance is expected in 2-3 of months. Apart from the bar on mining in the entire area, the company can also not go ahead with the construction of the cement plant without forest clearance,\" said Sumit Banerjee, vice-chairman of Reliance Cement. He was speaking on the sidelines of a function to launch the Reliance brand of cement.Reliance has finished acquiring private land. Even after considering the time gap in getting forest clearance, Mukutban venture is running on schedule, said an official. The company's cement is currently being manufactured at a grinding plant at Butibori. It has a capacity of 0.5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) as against Reliance's plans to come up with a total installed capacity of 15 MTPA in the first phase.The first phase includes a couple of integrated plants of 5 MTPA each in Mahiyar and Yavatmal. The company plans to have one more unit at Mahiyar, which will come up after the Yavatmal unit becomes operational. The grinding plant at Butibori currently procures clinkers from the open market from which it manufactures cement. It is to be eventually linked with Yavatmal plant.Banjeree is hopeful of getting clearance soon. He denies facing any bottlenecks. \"Once the Stage 1 forest clearance is secured, the next step is just a formality,\" he said. Forest clearance is a permission to use forest land for industrial purpose. Any project, irrespective of forest land under use, has to also get an environmental clearance based on the assessment of impact the activity has on environment and remedial action taken by the promoters.Reliance plans to eventually take up its total installed capacity of 50 MTPA which it hopes may take the company among the top four in the sector. It is also scouting for land and limestone mines in states like Karnataka and Gujarat. Reliance hopes the cement demand to grow by 2014 by when it will start the first phase of production. Currently plants are operating between 75% and 80% of capacity. By 2014, when Reliance's integrated plants get operational, the capacity utilization is expected to reach 83-84%. The country has current installed capacity of 340 MTPA, added an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442877", "title": "Tough test for Mamata Banerjee as 72-hour deadline ends", "text": "KOLKATA: The battle of nerves reached its penultimate stage on Monday, with Trinamool supremo Mamata Banerjee sticking to her ultimatum that ends in a few hours, and Union finance minister P Chidambaram ruling out a rollback of the decisions on diesel, LPG and FDI in multi-brand retail.Even as Renuka Chowdhury hinted at increasing the cap on subsidized LPG cylinders on Monday evening, Bengal finance minister Amit Mitra turned down Chidambaram's offer to visit Delhi on Tuesday to discuss Bengal's financial package due for September.Hectic backroom talks are still on for a last minute recalibration of the executive decision. In the meantime, Mamata Banerjee has invited senior state ministers to the party's parliamentary committee meeting at Town Hall on Tuesday before taking the \"hard decision.\"The extended level of inner-party consultations indicates that the pressure game isn't one-sided. Pushed to the wall on Coalgate, the Congress is desperate to pursue reforms. It's perform-or-perish for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. And for Mamata, the choice is no less hard.The Trinamool supremo isn't quite in the mood to dump UPA, but wants to demarcate herself from the Congress, believing this will help her checkmate the Left. The problem for her is that she has led a Left-handed attack against the Congress on reforms, narrowing the scope for such space.Will Didi concede to tokenism? Speculation is rife that the Centre might propose a discount of a rupee or so on diesel prices, but will Mamata settle for this? Trinamool leaders have realized by now that the Manmohan Singh government stands determined on FDI entry in multi-brand retail.Pressure is also mounting on the Mamata Banerjee government to follow Delhi CM Sheila Dixit's example and give up a part of its additional revenue from the diesel hike to ease the burden on peopleEven as Chidambaram and PCC president Pradip Bhattacharya keep saying that the Trinamool won't pull out of the ministry, not to speak of withdrawing support, it goes without saying that Mamata won't swallow the reform pill on Congress' terms. Not after toeing the line on the presidential polls.While Trinamool leaders keep all options open for Didi - including pulling out of UPA - politics remains the priority for Mamata while Congress gives weightage to economics.Mamata doesn't want to lose out on public posturing to Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samajwadi Party or the Left in opposing the reforms because she believes that the Congress is losing mass support. But if the government doesn't fall, the Congress-led UPA will get another two years to pursue the growth trajectory and continue to bother the Bengal government on the financial front.The dilemma for Trinamool is whether it will be able to whip up sentiments against the Congress by going into a confrontation with the Centre.If Mamata Banerjee chooses the hard route, she has to perfect a game of delicate balance - playing the role of Opposition while being part of UPA-II. It's something the Left vainly tried to do during the UPA-I regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442870", "title": "Now, middle class can get case argued for Rs 20,000 in SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In some good news, middle income group people can get their cases argued in the Supreme Court for a nominal fee of not more than Rs 20,000. To fulfil the requirement the annual gross salary should not exceed Rs 7.5 lakh or and the monthly income Rs 60,000.The scheme is available under the Supreme Court Middle Income Group Legal Aid Society, which is headed by a sitting judge of the SC with the Attorney General of India as its ex-official vice president.Disclosing this at a news conference on Monday, office bearers of the society and senior counsel Ranjit Kumar and Raju Ramachandran, said middle class people who can't afford the expensive litigation in the SC can avail the services of the society for a nominal amount. The society comprises 30 prominent senior advocates, besides 100-odd advocates on record.The society's office is located within the SC complex.Under the scheme even a senior advocate if engaged by a client can charge a maximum of Rs 9,000 for three days of hearing or for the entire case. The amount would start from as low as Rs 3,000 depending upon the stage of the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443625", "title": "4 booked for duping 50 youths", "text": "INDORE: Police booked four persons, including two women for allegedly duping more than 50 unemployed youths on pretext of getting them jobs.Acting on complaint of Priyank Soni, a resident of Manishpuri Colony, Juni Indore police booked the owner of CRD Software Solution and its other employees including Sonia Jaiswal, Sheetal Joshi, Sanket Chouhan and Vikram Chouhan.According to the police, the accused opened an office in Akashdeep Complex at Sapna Sangeeta Road. Subsequent to this, they published many attractive advertisements in which they claimed to provide job to youths.When youths contacted them, they put condition of Rs 20,000 as membership charge to get enrolled with the company. Around 60 youths fell for their trap seeking job. After paying the money, they followed the company officials and found no concrete response about the job.Few youths reached the office on September 14 and found lock on the main gate of the office.The youths tried to contact the owner and other officials of the company over phone and but failed to do so.They victims reached to local police and lodged the complaint against all the four accused. Police have booked them under the Section of 420 and 34 of the IPC. Along with recording statement to all victims, the police have began the hunt for all the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442500", "title": "88-yr-old\u2019s kidneys, liver utilized for transplant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A successful organ transplant at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital - using the kidneys and liver of an 88-year-old - has given a new outlook to cadaver donation. Experts say that normally they consider only those below 65 years as suitable candidates but with this case there is hope that certain organs can be harvested from older people and used for transplant if it is not diseased.Tej Ram, chairman of the trust, Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, who died on September 3 donated two kidneys and liver which were successfully implanted in three recipients.According to Dr Harsha Jauhari, chairperson, Department of Renal Transplant Surgery at the hospital and member of review committee of Organ Transplant Act constituted by Delhi high court, cadaver donors are usually accepted by the transplant teams up to the age of 60-65 years. \"The case of Tej Ram has shown that the probability of harvesting healthy organs from older donors should also be explored. ,\" said Jauhari.Pallavi Kumar, executive director of Mohan Foundation in Delhi and NCR said they have got two cadaver donations from the capital in the last one year. \"In Hyderabad and Chennai, we have received 250 cadaver donations since 2007 of which 31 donors were more than 60-year-old. The maximum age of a donor was 73 years,\" she said.Kumar added that Organ Transplant Act does not define any age limit for an individual to be a donor. \"As far as we know, 93-year-old Carlton Blackburn is the oldest organ donor from US and Tej Ram is the oldest donor in India,\" she added.Dr Sudhir Gupta, additional professor, forensic medicine and toxicology at AIIMS said that kidney, liver, bone marrow and bone are some of the organs which can be retrieved from elderly donors. \"Organs like heart valve tend to get weaker with age so they are not advisable for transplantation,\" he said.Ram's daughter Vinita Chopra said she was proud that her father could help three lives even in death. \"Everybody should come forward for such a noble cause.\"The current demand in India for kidney transplants is 1,50,000, liver is 2,00,000 and heart is 1,50,000. However, experts say, only 3,000 kidney transplants and 500 liver transplants are conducted because there are not enough donors.Dr D S Rana, chairman of Sir Ganga Ram hospital, said that more than 1,40,000 lives are lost through road accidents every year in India of which 67 % deaths are due to head injuries. \"If organs can be retrieved from even 10% of these cadavers, the demand for organs in the country can be easily met,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16443325", "title": "Youth arrested for molesting 3-year-old girl", "text": "VASCO: A 23-year-old youth from Sancoale was arrested for molesting a three-year-old girl.Verna PI Edwin Colaco said, \"The accused is a neighbor of the victim and assaulted her on the pretext of playing.\"On Monday a case of unnatural sex was registered by the police after the father of the victim lodged a complaint. Nany Gopal Sahu, a labourer, was playing with the child when he molested her. The girl informed her parents. The accused is under seven days police remand. The case is registered under Section 377 of IPC and Section 8 of Children's Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442906", "title": "Official puts mayor in a spot over lights", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy over trident lights took a new turn on Monday with Kolkata Municipal Corporation director-general (electrical) Gautam Patnaik, in his reply to a show-cause notice served to him, confessing that it was \"necessary\" to break tender norms for installing the lights. The confession may also land mayor Sovan Chatterjee in trouble as Patnaik has reportedly made it clear that Chatterjee was privy to the decisions that were taken for trident installation.Earlier, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed had served a show-cause notice, asking Patnaik to explain why routine tender processes were not followed for installation of 15,000 decorative lights in the last eight months.\"We had only three months for installation of thousands of trident lights across the city. So there was little time to go for a detailed tender procedure,\" Patnaik clarified in his reply. Perhaps time constraint was the reason why the KMC electrical department had to create as many as 540 files keeping the value of the each file below Rs 5 lakh to bypass a KMC tender rule that says any tenders above Rs 5 lakh will have to be published in newspapers and put up in the KMC official website.Patnaik also stated that mayor-in-council member Manzar Iqbal, who's overseeing the KMC lighting department, had given his consent in issuing notice for tenders in place of a proper tender.However, Patnaik can still be nailed on the grounds of fixation of pricing of the decorative lights, felt a senior KMC official. \"While, the KMC's own workshop at Entally is selling an unit of trident light for Rs 9,600, how could the electrical wing buy each unit for Rs17,690?\" he quizzed.\"If it is true that our own workshop is offering lights to other municipalities at Rs 9,600, it is indeed a matter of surprise how could we buy them from outside for Rs 17,690 each,\" said Rupa Bagchi, the opposition leader in the KMC. Bagchi alleged that the civic top brass were trying to shield a scam involving installation of trident lights in the city. \"Despite our several demands, the matter was not probed by an independent agency,\" she alleged.Mayor-in-council member Tarak Singh, who oversees the Entally workshop, said the KMC lighting department needed to come clean on the rate of each unit of tridents bought from outside. \"All I can say is that our department is ready to supply trident pole with fittings at Rs 9,600. If the KMC lighting department has bought better quality poles, I have no idea,\" a senior official of Entally workshop said. Municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed was unavailable for comment on the issue.In a letter sent to governor M K Narayanan on September 13, the civic body had admitted that its lighting department should have been more vigilant in inviting tenders for awarding contracts to install trident lights. The governor had asked the authorities to let him know what exactly led to the controversy.A confession from Gautam Patnaik, the director-general (electrical) of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation could land the mayor Sovan Chatterjee in trouble. Patnaik, who was served with a showcause notice by the municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed asking him to explain what led to lapses in tender process for purchase of trident lights and the reason for rise in prices of one unit of such decorative lights. A whopping 15,000 such decorative lights have been installed in past eight months for which tender norms were not properly followed. This apart, anomalies were also detected over fixation of price of each unit of such lights.Patnaik, in his reply has made it amply clear that mayor Sovan Chatterjee had endorsed whatever he did for placing orders for trident lights. Though he confessed that it was 'necessary' to break tender norms but that was done only to install those trident lights within a deadline given to the KMC electrical department. \"We had only three months left before the monsoon for installation of thousands of trident lights across the city. So there was little time left to go for a detailed tender procedure,\" Patnaik wrote. Perhaps time constraint was the reason why the KMC electrical department had to create as many as 540 files keeping the value of the each file below Rs 5 lakh to bypass a KMC tender rule which says that any tenders above Rs 5 lakh will have to be published in the newspapers and also put up in the KMC official website. Patnaik also stated that Manzar Iqbal, member, mayor-in-council overseeing the KMC lighting department had given his consent in calling notice inviting tender in place of a proper tender given shortage of time.However, Patnaik, can still be nailed on the grounds of fixation of the pricing for the decorative lights, felt a senior KMC official. \"While, the KMC's own workshop at Entally is selling an unit of trident light at Rs 9600, how could the electrical wing buy each unit of such decorative light at Rs17690.\"If it is true that the our own workshop at Entally is offering trident lights to other municipalities at Rs 9600. It is indeed a matter of surprise how could we buy such lights from outside at Rs 17690,\" said Rupa Bagchi, the opposition leader in the KMC. Bagchi alleged that the civic top brass were trying to shield a scam in buying and installation of trident lights in Kolkata. \"Despite our several demands, the matter was not probed by an independent agency,\" she said.Tarak Singh, a member, mayor-in-council overseeing the Entally workshop said that the KMC lighting department needed to come clean on the rate of each unit of trident light bought from outside. \"All I can say is that our department is ready to supply trident pole with fittings at Rs 9600. If the KMC lighting department has bought better quality poles, I have no idea,\" a senior official of Entally workshop said. Municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed was unavailable for comment on this issue on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16447032", "title": "Global Investors' Summit to be held in a wi-fi zone", "text": "INDORE: The entire three-day Global Investors' Summit will be held in a complete wi-fi zone. The BSNL Indore, which is also the communications partner of AKVN for the event, has been asked to make arrangements for it.GC Pandey, senior general manager, BSNL Indore, said that his firm would be laying 2-3 km long optical fibre cable for the purpose. Also, we will be installing a temporary tower near the venue and also be providing 100 MBPS bandwith for the same, added he. Also, the MPEB has been asked to supply power to the tune of 6000 KW load for the event, which will be held at Labh Ganga. Several other related issues were discussed during a review meeting of the officials concerned, which was held here on Saturday.Similarly, the National Highway 03 will be responsible for finishing the ongoing road construction work well before the event which will be held on 28-30 October. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has promised to complete the beautification work on the road, connecting the city airport to the venue. Indore Development Authority ( IDA ) has agreed to provide excellent infrastructure facilities by repairing the road.Presiding over the review meeting on the eve of the Global Investors' Summit which was held here on Saturday, the additional chief secretary of state, PK Dash, said, \"This is going to be a very important event in the state. Hence we have to make every possible effort to keep our guests in good spirit.\"Talking to TOI, the additional chief secretary, PK Dash said, \"Some of the physical work for the event, construction of roads in particular, was delayed due to the incessant rains. However, I'm sure the work will gather momentum now and we have enough time to complete the preparations for the event. Also, we have already booked 900 rooms in various city-based hotels for providing accommodation to the guests.\"There will be nearly 1500 guests which are likely to turn up for the event. It includes nearly 200 foreign delegates and a total of 1500 delegates, which will be representing 500-600 companies. Some of the big industrialists that are likely to attend the three-day event include Adi Godrej , Shashi Ruiya and Anil Ambani.While a musical programme will be held on the 28 October evening, the inaugural day of the event, the dinner for delegates would be hosted at Sayaji hotel on the day. Also, arrangements are being made to host the dinner for the delegates at Pipliyahana Regional Park, which is owned by IMC, on the following day.Final shape of the preparatory work will be given on 30 September, whereas October 15 has been fixed as the deadline for completion of entire preparations for the event. Moreover, it has been decided to hold the review meeting on a weekly basis at Indore and efforts will be made to invite the state chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan , to review one such meetings, said a person familiar with the development. The state industries minister, Kailash Vijayvargiya, has already held one such review meeting in past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442708", "title": "Big mandals of Maharashtra unveil grand plans for Ganeshotsav", "text": "MUMBAI: As the final countdown begins to Maharashtra's most popular festival of Ganeshotsav Wednesday, two of the biggest mandals in the city unveiled their decor and plans for the season Monday.The Andhericha Raja idol of Azad Nagar offered the first glimpse of its Dilwara temple setting. The grand Rajasthani Jain architecture has been recreated to good effect by the mandal team and event organiser Raju Savla. However, while spectacular settings are the norm at this pandal each year, what is drawing attention this season is the organisers' decision to debar visitors wearing \"immodest\" clothing. Boys and girls over the age of 13 wearing short dresses will be asked to return suitably attired another day. \"We did contemplate handing out proper clothing to such devotees at the site but realised it is not feasible to do so,\" says spokesperson Uday Salian. \"We would need to install changing rooms, post female security personnel for ladies, and still run the risk of some untoward incident in such locations. As a Ganpati mandal, we cannot risk our reputation.\"Andhericha Raja will request such guests to come another time, and will make special arrangements so they do not have to wait in queue again. \"We will usher them in by direct entry the following day. All we ask is that people respect the sanctity of the festival,\" Salian says.In Lalbaug, the Ganesh Gully mandal unveiled its 22-ft tall Mumbaicha Raja in a lavish set of the Pashupatinath temple. \"Artisan Biharilal Giri has created a near perfect replica of the pagoda architecture of the original temple in Nepal,\" says spokesperson Swapnil Parab. Apart from the gold necklace fashioned last year, the deity will be adorned with a 'rudraksh mala' of 1,118 beads offered by Bal Thackeray as a prayer for good health.In South Mumbai, the busy GPO junction has turned into an oasis of beauty as the Bikaner Laxmi palace has been recreated by the Fort Vibhag Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Mandal. The Ichhapurti Ganesh, as its idol is nicknamed, has been bedecked with 75 tolas of gold and wears a special crown made from 6 kg silver. The single-storeyed makeshift palatial structure that mushrooms amidst the grey office landscape continues to win prizes for its artistry and idol.Meanwhile on Monday, a private jeweller installed a jewellery vending machine at the Lalbaugcha Raja pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442113", "title": "Top cop says Dhoble will stick to routine, not raids", "text": "MUMBAI: Commissioner of police Satya Pal Singh has sought to allay the fears of restaurateurs and bar owners as well as those of patrons who are apprehensive of assistant commissioner Vasant Dhoble's return to the western suburbs despite his removal from the social service branch.Singh on Monday rubbished reports that ACP Dhoble would be carrying out raids on suburban bars and pubs under the guidance of additional commissioner of police (west) Vishwas Nangre Patil. Singh has also clarified that no ACP will fill Dhoble's vacant post.\"The media has blown him out of proportion. There won't be any special squads for Dhoble and he will be doing his routine duty in the Vile Parle and Vakola division as a normal police officer,\" said Singh. Dhoble himself was paler than his normally ebullient self on Monday. Talking to TOI, he said, \"I have no personal agenda and I will do my job as per the orders of seniors.\"Dhoble's image had become larger than life during his previous stint under former police commissioner Arup Patnaik. He hit international headlines for \"spoiling\" Mumbai's nightlife by cracking down on pubs, bars and restaurants, and also going after partygoers. But though the hockey stick-wielding Dhoble, whose new charge includes the Vile Parle and Vakola police stations, evoked large-scale protests from hoteliers and youngsters for his rough behaviour, he got support from citizens' groups and NGOs for cracking down on prostitution and human trafficking, and gambling and betting rackets.Singh seems to have gone with a vengeance to overhaul the system put in place by his predecessor.In a major set back to ousted police commissioner Arup Patnaik, while the Assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble' s powers were curtailed, a departmental inquiry has been initiated against Patnaik's another blue eyed boy-police inspector Rakesh Sharma .Mumbai police commissioner Satyapal Singh on Monday said that while Dhoble has been transferred to Vakola division by the government, he has transferred Sharma to Local Arms (LA) and the crime branch has initiated a departmental inquiry against Sharma. There were some serious allegations on Sharma for which the crime branch had recommended a departmental inquiry and hence the crime branch has been asked to conduct an inquiry and submit its report. '' said Singh.Sharma is the same police inspector who was attached to the state Highway police but under Patnaik's tenure he was brought to Mumbai on deputation and was assigned the Crime Branch (CB) Control. The CB control as well the Social Service branch (SSB) both according to the government rule fall under the Crime branch's jurisdiction but Patnaik had forcibly taken over both the branches and Dhoble and Sharma both reported to Patnaik.Sharma is the same police officer who came under the scanner in 2011 in missing of 39,000 litres of diesel worth Rs 20 lakh from the Yellow gate police station jurisdiction. Sharma had raided a oil pilferage racket and had seized huge quantity of diesel. Though it was Sharma's responsibility, senior inspector Chandrakant Naik Yellow gate was transferred out to LA. For an eye wash Sharma was asked to proceed on leave.''said an source.Questions have been raised as to how Dhoble was filled in the post as there was only one post of ACP at SSB which was already been occupied by another ACP Feroz Patel. Sources said that the decision to transfer Dhoble took place during a high level meeting by chief Minister minister Prithviraj Chavan to review the dismal state of tourism in the state.The meeting was also attended by tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal , deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, industries minister Narayan Rane and minister of state for tourism Ranjeet Kamble. In the meeting there was a debate on the role of Dhoble. Kamble raised a point that due to Dhoble there was adverse impact on night life in Mumbai which had effected tourism in Mumbai.Sources said Patnaik had brought the SSB under him following complaints of malpractice and corruption. Later, assistant commissioner Dhoble was made the SSB chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16443065", "title": "DMK men lock up co-op society secretary over membership forms", "text": "TRICHY: A secretary of the Ariyamangalam primary cooperative society, Laxmanan was temporarily locked within his office by the DMK supporters on Monday as the former was alleged to have issued membership forms to only AIADMK supporters and denied the same to others, particularly the DMK men.There are 10, 442 cooperatives societies functioning in the state, out of which 4,413 are primary agricultural cooperative credit societies. Since 2001, the then AIADMK government dissolved the elected administrative committees of the societies and they were brought under the control of the special officers. The tenure of the special officer was extended every six months since then.During the subsequent DMK regime in 2006, elections to the cooperative sector were conducted and then it was struck down following massive allegations of corruption. Meanwhile, the Supreme Court held that the societies could not controlled by special officers for a period of more than 10 years and hence the tenure of special officers will not be extended beyond November 30, this year.The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) too, strictly stipulated that credit facilities would not be extended to cooperatives societies unless elections were democratically held in the cooperative sector. Hence, there was a scramble to make preparations to get control of the cooperative sector as it was expected that an announcement to hold the elections to various posts would be announced by the state government sooner than later.The Ariyamangalam Primary Agricultural Credit Society has 2,652 members most of whom are believed to be DMK supporters. The society had announced that a meeting would be held at 11am on Monday at its premises and the information had been posted on its notice board. The DMK members of the society alleged that none of them had been intimated about the proposed meeting and there was a tacit understanding between the society and the ruling party members to add about 1,000 more members so that they could win any election to control the society.The DMK supporters were mobilised by Kathiravan Abdul Razzak, who objected to the proposed meeting and also questioned the secretary why their party men were singled out for not issuing application forms for new membership. Laxmanan denied he had issued any forms and when the DMK supporters demanded that he give in writing to the effect that he did not issue membership applications forms to any, he refused. At this point, he was locked within his office room. There were also a few clerks at the society when the incident took place. The DMK men later vowed that they would not let the AIADMK men to have control of the cooperatives societies through backdoor entry.Ponmalai assistant commissioner of police Srinivasan rushed to the spot and released the secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444070", "title": "Duo who raped &amp; killed BPO executive to hang, confirms HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday upheld the death penalty awarded by the Pune sessions court to a taxi driver and his friend who abducted , raped and murdered Wipro BPO employee Jyoti Kumari Chaudhary in Pune in 2007. Purushottam Borate (then 26), the driver of the taxi which Chaudhary's firm had hired and Pradeep Kokade , then 20, wept inconsolably on hearing the verdict. After hearing of arguments , the bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode spoke of the \"deep impact\" such brutal crimes had on society.Jyoti Kumari Chaudhary (22) was raped and brutally killed by Purushottam Borate, the driver of a car hired by her BPO company, and his friend Pradeep Kokade in Pune on November 1, 2007. The HC said, \"This case has had a deep impact on society. Women who take a cab will be afraid until they reach their destination.\" They also proposed to make recommendations for guidelines for women working on night shifts. We are relieved, says kin of Pune BPO execMumbai: Upholding the death sentence for two men \u2014 Purushottam Borate and Pradeep Kokade \u2014 for raping and murdering Pune BPO executive Jyoti Kumari Chaudhary in 2007, the Bombay high court on Monday said such crimes would have and deep impact on society women would think twice before taking a cab and would live in fear till they reached their destination.\"Considering all facts and judgments, we are constrained to confirm the sentence ,\" they said.The judges said they proposed to recommend guidelines for women working on night shifts. \"In criminal appellate jurisdiction, we cannot direct the government to frame such guidelines and will request the Chief Justice to take this up as PIL,\" they said. \"The court can issue directions to the State. It can monitor and find out if it the rules are being followed by private and public sector companies.\"Jyotikumari's brother-inlaw , Gaurprasad Sunder, said the judgment would go a long way in restoring the faith of working women. \"Society will be safe,\" he said. \"I am relieved that even at the second stage we were given the justice we sought. If the convicts appeal to the Supreme Court, we shall fight them even there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442989", "title": "Water crisis to end in two-three days", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 10 lakh citizens of the city faced great inconvenience for two days following shutdown of water supply for reviving of master balance reservoirs (MBRs) situated at Seminary Hills. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has assured to restore the water supply by Tuesday morning. But the water supply may not be normalized completely for two or three days, raising doubts whether the Ganesh festival, beginning on Wednesday, will be affected.NMC started work at the two MBRs on Sunday and it continued on war footing on Monday. People from West, South-West, Central and a few parts of South Nagpur were affected due to the interruption.Most citizens managed to meet their requirements with the help of water stored at their households on the first day. But the situation worsened on Monday. Many citizens started to run pillar to post for water. The six zone offices and call centre of private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) were flooded with calls. According to details available with the call centre, over 200 calls were received for water tankers on Monday. But, the NMC failed to meet the requirement. Apart from the 30-40 tankers being run daily in non-network and regularly affected areas, no additional water tankers were pressed into service.Sources told TOI that the water supply from tankers also came to a grinding halt on Monday evening due to disputes at Gorewada which resulted in the breakage of the pipe from where water is filled into the tankers.On Monday, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, office-bearers Praveen Datke, Sudhakar Kohle, Munna Yadav and others monitored the ongoing work. Wardhane told mediapersons said that the water supply would be restored by Tuesday morning.There was complete mess at the OCWL call centre and the other two numbers. A woman at the call centre said that the water supply may be normalized by 11am on Tuesday, which seems quite unlikely. OCWL employee Raju Lakde asked this scribe to get back to him in the morning as water supply through tankers was hampered due to problems at Gorewada. Another employee Vijay Gid, asked about water tankers, redirected this scribe to the call centre. Even these two OCWL staffers did not have exact data of water supplied through tankers on Monday.Dry taps and a flood of problemsWork began on SundayExpected to finish by ThursdayWhat is the work?* Reviving of two MBRs at Seminary HillsWHY: The roof of the MBRs, constructed in the 1970s, had caved in at two places and had got weakened due to chlorinization of water. The MBRs were also suffering from seepage, causing loss of hundreds of gallons of water every day. Cleaning of MBRs had not been done for many years* Creating a bypass pipeline and disconnecting the two MBRs from each otherWHY: Water from Gorewada treatment plant comes in the MBRs from where it is distributed to overhead tanks. Until now, water supply had to be closed for maintenance of MBRs. Now, a bypass is being created so that maintenance work and cleaning of MBRs in the future does not affect water supply. MBRs have been disconnected from each other so that one of them can function independently while the other is undergoing maintenance* Which areas are affected?West Nagpur: Dharampeth, Ravi Nagar, Ram Nagar, Civil Lines, Chhaoni.South-West Nagpur: Shankar Nagar, Bajaj Nagar, Laxmi Nagar, Khamla, Sonegaon, Chinchbhavan, Takli Sim.Central Nagpur: Sadar, Mominpura, Mahal, RSS headquarters, Central Avenue.South Nagpur: Mhalgi Nagar, Janki Nagar, Uday Nagar, Manewada, Besa Road, Wanjari Nagar, Omkar Nagar* How many citizens hit? Over 10 lakhExpected timeline of supply restoration* Tuesday morning: water supply would be started from water treatment plants situated at Gorewada lake after completion of works at the MBRs* Tuesday noon: Water will reach MBRs and will be released into two underground service reservoirs and nine overhead tanks. But water cannot be filled in all tanks simultaneously. They will be recharged two at a time. Each tank takes between four and eight hours to fill up. Officials will decide which tanks will be filled up first* Tuesday afternoon and evening: Water supply will be restored in some areas* Wednesday and Thursday: Phase-wise restoration of supply will continue. Localities at the tail end and those situated at a high level may have to wait until Thursday* What can citizens do for help? OCWL officials have urged the citizens to contact on 24X7 helpline 1800-266-9899 and Raju Lakde (9225066591) and Vijay Gid (9225066590) for water tankers. In case you do not get satisfactory response from these avenues, you can also contact water works department executive engineer Shashikant Hastak on 9823098620Quote:Works were required to be undertaken for smooth supply in future. There would be no such problems again once the bypass work is completed. The work was planned on these two days so as to prevent from any problems during the ensuing festival season. We urge citizens to cooperate with NMC- Shyam Wardhane | civic chief", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445752", "title": "Walking red carpet with De Niro was magic: Anupam Kher", "text": "Anupam Kher talks about Silver Linings Playbook, which won the People's Choice award in TorontoHe was excited he landed a role in David O Russell's comedy Silver Linings Playbook co-starring Robert De Niro , Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper among others. And now that the film has won the People's Choice Award at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), automatically landing it an Oscar nomination, Anupam Kher's joy knows no bounds.Speaking to TOI,Anupam said,\"It was a marvellous opportunity to work with Bradley and Jennifer in the lead and De Niro, Stiles, Jacki Weaver and Chris Tucker. And then to walk the red carpet with them. You only dream of such things. They don't usually happen.\"How was his experience shooting for the Hollywood film? \"One of the most unforgettable days was when we were to do only one scene but ended up doing four. I almost went into a coma. Basically, I think of a scene in Hindi and not in English,\" Anupam said and added, \"When you are working with a complete A-lister cast and crew you are pushing yourself into a situation where you cannot fail. Besides, you are representing your country. In such a situation, you have no option but to be brilliant as you are dealing with people who know their job completely.\"Recalling how he landed the part, Anupam said, \"I was shooting for a film in a village near Jodhpur when I received a mail from my agent Ruth Young saying Russell wanted to speak to me on Skype. I had seen his Fighter and been bowled over. I had only ten hours notice and I had never used Skype before. My staff dashed off to Jodhpur and somehow we managed. But he couldn't hear me. I thought I had lost my chance but we fixed up Skype again only to encounter the same problem. A Bangladeshi waiter who was making tea in my suite helped me get through to Russell on his iPhone. Ten days later, I got the message I had been chosen to play Dr Patel in the film.\"Anupam said he began in earnest, thinking of himself as a newcomer and endeavouring to push himself for the role and the rest, as they say, is history. Is their filmmaking different from ours? \"I have worked with Ang Lee and Woody Allen . In Hollywood,they have the liberty of making a film they believe in. They don't pre-plan like we do over here. The focus is tremendously large. Not that I am running down Indian cinema where the warmth is unbelievable but in our industry, films are made in bhaichaara: aao, khaana khao, nashta karo, you know what I mean.\"Apparently, Anupam always had a gut feeling the film would be successful. The makers are now planning to release it in India in November itself and not later as was originally planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16443016", "title": "'Racism' tops list of 7 modern sins", "text": "LONDON: Racism has been named the biggest sin in today's society, ranked even above 'terrorism', a new study has found.According to the research, binge-drinking, domestic violence, tax evasion, racism, terrorism, bullying and bigotry constitute seven deadly sins in today's society.Racism has been named as the biggest sin of today, ranked even above 'terrorism' the Daily Star reported.Racism is described by the Oxford dictionary as 'the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races'.The poll, carried out by TV channel CBS Reality, has branded the original sins of wrath, envy, greed, gluttony, sloth, lust and pride as outdated. These seven deadly sins have been given a modern makeover. \"The research has really opened our eyes as to the strength of public feeling toward some of the biggest issues today,\" director of programming Sam Rowden said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442915", "title": "Girl molested in crowded bazaar", "text": "KOLKATA: A college girl is living in terror after being molested by a gang of three in a bustling bazaar - a stone's throw from Barasat police station - on Sunday evening.Two of her alleged tormenters are on the loose and have threatened to rape and kill her. To make it worse, her neighbours in Duttapukur have turned her anguish into a scandal and are questioning her character. Alarmed and pained, her parents have confined her to her home.Desperate to break out, she spoke with TOI and said: \"I did nothing wrong. I protested against a menace and fought for my honour. Why should I have to leave my studies for that?\" The gutsy girl had slapped one of the molesters and is paying for it dearly.She was on her way back from coaching class with some friends when three drunken men accosted them at Haritola crossing around 8.15pm. The place was buzzing with Vishwakarma Puja shoppers.They followed the girls and passed lewd comments. They ignored it for some time, but when the trio got more aggressive, the Duttapukur girl whirled round and challenged them: \"Why are you throwing filthy words at me.\"At this, one of the men, aged around 40-42 years, grabbed her and kissed her forcibly. She was taken aback for a second but then slapped him hard across the face.The gang pounced on her and started dragging her away. She screamed for help. Finally, some passersby came to her aid and grabbed one of the alleged molesters. Two others got away but not before hurling threats at her.The suspect was taken to Barasat police station. The girl was escorted home by police, but her ordeal did not end. Some relatives had watched the news on TV and informed her parents. Soon, her locality was abuzz with gossip.\"I've already heard that my character is being questioned in the locality. Is this the reward for standing up for what is right,\" she asked. \"My parents have forbidden me from stepping out of home or attending college. I want to be a lawyer and will fight for my dreams.\"Her sister praised her courage and said: \"She has done what most of us would not dare to, but the society always questions the woman.\"The college girl says she does not repent slapping her molester. \"The Rinku Das incident (her brother was stabbed for defending her from molesters) had scared us but I never thought it would happen to me - in such a crowded place at that.\"Barasat the place struggling hard to topple the list of crime records is a place where Anima had to come almost every day including Sunday to attend her college and private tuition. She used to take the Duttapukur local at around 8.40 to reach her Duttapukur home. She is aware of the incidents of many misbehavior with women in Barasat including the horrible one of Rinku Das and Rajib Das. She never thought that this could happen to her also. Anima is not repentant for what she had done with the rowdies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442497", "title": "Travel in AC buses to get dearer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Rs 5 hike in diesel price will make travel in air-conditioned buses dearer in the city shortly. Chandigarh Transport Undertaking (CTU) has decided to increase fare and a proposal will soon be put up before the administration.CTU director T P S Phoolka said the hike had necessitated the fare revision to ensure that the minimum cost of travel was recovered.Sources said already in the red, CTU would suffer additional losses of Rs 1.40 per kilometre, which would come to over Rs 1.5 lakh per day if revision was not made.Phoolka, however, said since Chandigarh has slab system, detailed calculations would have to be made to convert the proposed per kilometre into slabs. The city has a fleet of 34 mini AC buses and 60 AC buses.At present, commuters pay Rs 10 up to 4 km, Rs 15 for 4 to 8 km, Rs 20 for 8 to 12 km and Rs 25 for over 25 km.CTU has started its night bus service from IT Park to PGI and IT Park to Sector 43 ISBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447124", "title": "Trivikram to direct Mahesh Babu again", "text": "After directing Mahesh Babu for two films (Athadu and Khaleja) Trivikram Srinivas is teaming with the actor once again. And this time, it's not for a film but for an ad commercial. Mahesh has reportedly agreed to be the brand ambassador for Mahindra, and the company has asked Trivikram to direct the ad film.Trivikram, who has earlier directed Mahesh, Ram Charan and NTR in commercials, will be wielding the megaphone for the superstar once again for an ad. Sources also inform that this commercial would be shot at a private studio in Hyderabad. Apart from being the face of several regional brands, Mahesh Babu also replaced Bollywood star Akshay Kumar from holding Thumbs Up bottle as the National brand ambassador.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16443014", "title": "Central Institute for Cotton Research initiative to create modern cotton culture among farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based Central Institute for Cotton Research (CICR) has launched a series of initiatives under its \"New Initiatives in Cotton Research' programme to provide a bunch of alternatives to cotton farmers across India. The institute has started working on a variety of new projects aiming at both - generating newer techniques in cotton cultivation using the existing varieties, both hybrid and straight, mechanization of cultivation processes as well as developing new models for price prediction of cotton.The institute director, Keshav Kranthi, shared these initiatives with TOI on the backdrop of the launch of these initiatives during a national seminar. Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar was to actually launch the programme on Monday. But due to cancellation of his visit, former chairman of the Agriculture Recruitment Board (ASRB), CD Mayee officially launched them. \"Our aim is to generate a cafeteria of technologies which will provide more choice to farmers. He should have alternatives to pick from which he does not have today,\" Mayee said.Joint secretary of technology mission on cotton, Atanu Purkayastha, additional commissioner of agriculture in government of India, Anupam Barik, deputy director general of horticulture in Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), NK Krishna Kumar, additional director general of commercial crops N Gopalakrishnan in ICAR were also present during the launch.\"As of today cotton farmers are a confused lot. The reasons are many. One being that there are almost 1128 Bt cotton varieties approved by the Genetic Engineering Approval Committee (GEAC) available in market. He doesn't know which one is good. In fact even seed companies like Nuziveedu are also confused and have started HDPS experiments,\" Kranthi observed.\"Though the benefits of Bt technology are grossly underplayed, even in front of the parliamentary committee which visited Vidarbha, reality remains that scientific institutes like CICR should have enough alternatives to Bt cotton,\" Kranthi suggested. CICR has introduced the HDPS technique adopted from Brazil in non Bt varieties like Suraj, a CICR variety, NH-615 and PKV 081 and also desi cotton variety HD-123. Trials of these varieties are already on in 200 acres of land (172 acres in farmers' fields and 30 acres in CICR fields) this season. This system basically involves cultivation of more plants per acre -almost 90,000 to 1 lakh plants per acre or 2.5 lakh per acre and reducing their foliage with growth regulators which ensures early maturity. It also reduces the cultivation cost manifold.Kranthi said that though it was difficult to introduce the concept initially, the results in farmers' fields were encouraging. Since each plant will give at least 5-7 bowls per plant, the overall production will be higher. He is sure that once Indian breeders take up this method, it will change the face of cotton cultivation in the country.CICR is also working on 'marker assisted breeding' techniques. It will be few years before they generate technologies to fight problem of leaf curl virus, nematodes menace, and bacterial blight but work has begun. Institute has already validated these markers (technique which can trace a trait in the variety or crop selectively) for different pests and drought resistance.At present the cotton advisory board uses the information supplied by traders based on quantity of produce reaching market and market trends across world to decide the cotton price. Another prediction method is crop cutting experiments. \"But these are not scientific solutions. My scientists - AH Prakash from regional centre at Coimbatore and SN Wasnik from CICR headquarters in city - have developed models based on remote sensing based on actual area under crop and studying global variability in production. These are science based and not market based,\" Kranthi added.The other initiative is based on mechanization. One technique uses a machine picker. A series of models to sow and pick cotton are also being tried.Sharing technologies on internetCICR is introducing the concept of sharing technologies with farmers through e-extension for the entire country. To begin with it is planning to reach at least 1 lakh farmers in Vidarbha on their mobiles through voicemail service to take all kinds of information including weather bulletins, advisories in local language and of course the package of practices of cultivation including pest management.Keshav Kranthi, the CICR director, informed that the institute would also be working on 25 different cotton related films which will be linked to YouTube. It will be difficult initially as farmers are not tech-savvy but gradually it will work. Efforts are also on to flash information through sms. All this is being done with the support of ministry of agriculture.New initiatives in cotton research by CICRIntroducing high density planting system (45X10 cm plantation) in non Bt cotton as well as desi cotton.Marker assisted development of pest and drought resistant straight and hybrid varieties.Mechanization through cotton picker.Reaching at least 1 lakh farmers through e-extension through sms, YouTube to provide weather advisories, pest management, sowing and cultivation practices.Prediction of market cotton price using remote sensing techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441668", "title": "CBI quizzes Arvind Jayaswal on firm's links with coal minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Monday asked Arvind Jayaswal of AMR Iron and Steel about the nature of links the promoters of the company had with Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal.Jayaswal, who along with other promoters feature in CBI's FIR in the AMR case, was also asked about the meeting company representatives had with the then minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia, as well as about the role that Congress member of Rajya Sabha Vijay Darda played in getting them coal blocks.Coal minister Jaiswal has come under attack over a family agreement among the Jayaswals where they decided to have him as the arbitrator in a property dispute. The opposition has cited the agreement where the Jayaswals authorized him to decide on the allocation of 14% equity in the company, to argue that it proved the close ties that the Union minister had with the company which the investigating agency has accused of falsifying facts to get coal blocks.Jaiswal has denied the charge. The coal minister has said that the promoters had indeed approached him to play the arbitrator but that was perhaps because he (Sriprakash) happened to occupy the most important office among all Jaiswals at the time. He has said that he declined to play the referee because of time constraint.CBI's curiosity in the meeting AMR representatives had in 2008 with the then minister of state for coal Bagrodia stems from its finding that the coal ministry allocated coal blocks to the company despite being aware that it already had a few. The officers of coal ministry who dropped their objections are under the scanner.The CBI FIR in the case mentions Vijay Darda, son Devendra and brother Rajendra, education minister in Maharashtra government. The family agreement among the Jayaswals mentions that AMR was required to give 26% stake to Darda-controlled Lokmat group for the role Vijay played in allocation of coal blocks.Sources said Devendra Darda looked after the affairs of AMR being a director in the company and had attended the screening committee meetings. Arvind Jayaswal was also asked about their liaison with coal ministry officials as the ministry overlooked the facts hidden by the company while applying for coal blocks and after they gave a representation to Bagrodia in September 2008 in his chamber, claiming that they were not part of the Jayaswal group. CBI said this was wrong information given by the Jayaswal brothers.CBI sources said Arvind Jayaswal was also confronted with several documents recovered during the probe. He, sources said, will be questioned again on Tuesday and then Manoj Jayaswal would be called for questioning.Arvind Jayaswal reportedly arrived at the CBI headquarters around 10.45 am and left after 7 pm.He was asked about allegations that the company, in order to prove financial eligibility to acquire blocks, fraudulently claimed that it was part of a proposed special purpose vehicle of Lokmat group and ILFS. \"It also claimed the combined net worth of the proposed vehicle as that of the company's,\" said a CBI officer.The agency has alleged that company representatives met Bagrodia in his chamber and admitted that it was allocated five coal blocks earlier. AMR officials had told Bagrodia that it had been allocated blocks earlier but still the coal ministry did not take any action against the company.\"The company further misrepresented when it claimed in writing that it was not a part of Jayaswal group vides its letter dated September 22, 2008 addressed to the minister of coal. Enquiry revealed that despite having taken note of the earlier allocations to the group companies of AMR Iron and Steel, the public servants in the ministry of coal, in pursuance of criminal conspiracy, willfully did not take the enquiry to its logical conclusion, thus allowing undue advantage to AMR,\" the CBI FIR said.Two more companies of Jayaswals - JAS Infrastructure and JLD Yavatmal -- have been booked by CBI in the scam and Vijay Darda has been named as an accused in one case. He is also expected to be questioned by end of this week, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442525", "title": "Cop who took on e-way firm shunted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days ahead of the hearing on Delhi-Gurgaon expressway in Punjab and Haryana high court, the Haryana government transferred local DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora to neighbouring district Rewari as its police chief. Arora had been fighting the case against poor performance of the expressway contractor.Though Arora's transfer was termed as routine since 15 other IPS officers were also transferred on Monday. It's this 1998 batch IPS and a pass out from Delhi University's Miranda House who had put a foolproof case against the contractor in the high court with evidences of how it had failed to improve traffic clearance at 32-lane toll plaza.\"Transfer of an officer won't impact our case in the court since facts have already been brought before it. The officer replacing her - Dr Rajashree - will also protect commuters' interest,\" said a senior Haryana police officer.There were reports that traffic police under Arora had prepared a proposal highlighting how resumption of toll collection would bring back the chaos at 32-lane toll plaza. The department had also reportedly compiled photographs of smooth traffic flow and could have submitted them before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16442010", "title": "Govt 'forgets' court judgment against officers ignoring encroachments", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government appears to be following a policy of pick and choose in executing the Rajasthan high court orders on encroachments in the city. The drive against squatters in the Amanishah Nullah has brought out the point.The government looks sincere in executing the high court order passed early this month to evict encroachers from the nullah's catchment area. At the same time, it has completely ignored a high court judgment of October 2004 that required a much more tough action against its officers in whose tenures the encroachments took place.A single bench of the high court made the observation last week that the government has failed to execute the October 2004 judgment, according to which adverse remarks were to be written in the annual confidential report (ACR) of an officer guilty of sleeping over encroachments. Such an officer was to be mandatorily evaluated in the light of this remark at the time of his/her next promotion.Based on the single bench's observation, additional advocate general RP Singh wrote a letter to chief secretary CK Mathew on September 14, advising compliance of the court judgment. Singh represents the government in the Amanishah Nullah and the Ramgarh Dam encroachment litigations.On being asked why the government failed to execute the 2004 judgment, the chief secretary said he was yet to look into the matter. \"I have to check into it,\" Mathew told TOI on Monday.The high court gave the 'ACR entry' direction to the state government on October 20, 2004 when a division bench headed by the then Chief Justice Anil Dev Singh decided a suo motu petition on improving basic amenities in the city.As per the 2004 judgment, for every unauthorized construction, encroachment, illegal housing colony or a commercial enterprise set up in an area falling under the jurisdiction of the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) or Rajasthan housing board, the enforcement officer/inspector/deputy commissioner/zonal officer concerned was to be held responsible. \"In the ACR of the defaulting officer specific entry shall be made to the effect that during his posting in the area, unauthorized construction or encroachment took place or an illegal colony was set up or an illegal commercial enterprise was established in a residential area or an area which was not meant for the commercial activity,\" the judgment read.The division bench went to the extent of making the guilty officer's appointing authority \"duty bound\" to initiate proceedings for contempt of court and departmental inquiry against him/her.It would be a travesty to say that encroachments and illegal constructions have gone on unabated in the city even after October 2004. Till date, however, the government has yet to come up with such a stern action against any of its guilty officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442758", "title": "'I am a winner' were Monica Kirnapure's last word", "text": "NAGPUR: The much-awaited trial in the Monica Kirnapure murder case commenced on Monday before judge VN Tambi at Nagpur district and sessions court with an emotional testimony of her mother Vandana. She cried in the witness box throughout her testimony, and fainted at the end.\"On the morning of March 11 last year, my daughter was in a good mood as she secured first spot in the power point presentation contest at college. She said she is a winner and asked me to bless her for the viva-voce exam that day,\" Vandana recalled.\"However, the call suddenly went silent after she exclaimed 'aai ga'. I rang up again, but she did not respond. Then I called her father, who too tried hard, but failed. It was only when somebody informed us that Monica was in hospital in critical condition that we rushed to Nagpur, just to find her dead,\" Vandana said.A visibly disturbed Vandana could not stop herself from abusing Monica's killers as they were led away by the police after the day's proceedings. She tried to run over to them but was restrained by her husband Dashrath.Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam was present at the hearing along with assistant public prosecutor Varsha Saikhedkar while DBA president Sudip Jaiswal pleaded for the accused.Earlier, the court recorded testimony of Umesh Awthankar and ex-corporator Moreshwar Dhote. While the former had lodged the police complaint, the latter had taken Monica to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead. Awthankar, a teacher, told the court that when he saw a crowd gathered in front of his house, he went to enquire and saw a young girl lying in a pool of blood. He immediately called Dhote, who was corporator at that time.Jaiswal pointed out to the court that information submitted by these two witnesses was not recorded by them in their statements to the police. He also questioned Dhote about why he hadn't informed the police before taking Monica to hospital. Dhote replied that he had called up the police in time.Nikam later told TOI that the trial would continue on daily basis till Friday and statements of 22 other witnesses will be recorded along with their cross examination. The cops have charged seven persons in the case, and except Geeta Maldhure, the court has already rejected all bail applications. They have been booked under various relevant sections of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16443017", "title": "Nomads petition for permanent houses", "text": "MADURAI: Members of the nomadic community thronged the collectorate on Monday, urging the district administration to consider their plight and provide them with permanent homes or documentations to prove their existence.Nearly 200 people, who call themselves as 'Alaikudi Makkal' in Tamil came for public grievance redressal day with a petition seeking housing plots and necessary documents. They said that about 1,500 people from 160 families are living on the streets and platforms.In their petition, they said that they were involved in menial jobs like repairing stoves, trading scrap iron, mats etc. They claimed that they belong to Kalugumalai in Tuticorin district and are originally from the 'kuravan' community. Listed among criminal tribes by the British, they suffered untold miseries during its regime and were forced to sign in police stations both during the morning and evenings. Till 1952, they also needed to obtain special certificates to leave their locality. Many of them allegedly fled due to such treatment and started living in different places.\"Though the Criminal Tribes Act has been removed, we are still branded as criminals and we are suffering untold miseries since no one is willing to provide us houses for rent. We are also not allowed to settle down anywhere. There are 90 children in our families but they could not be sent to schools since we don't have any documents or nativity certificates,\" said G Selvam, leader of the people.\"We don't have ration cards, election identity cards or community certificates. Even procuring a sim card is not that easy and we can't apply for driving licences though we use two-wheelers to trade scrap materials,\" said T Muthappan from the community.They also levelled charges against the police personnel stating that the latter harassed them frequently and frame them in false cases. \"For every pending case, they will pick our men to name in the case. Though they take our men in the name of interrogation, they do not release them but book them in false cases,\" lamented M Manjammal.Further, unknown persons claiming themselves as police harass them during the night, mentioned another woman M Mariammal. \"They come late in the nights, harass and demand money from us. If we refuse, they will threaten to book cases against us. We are helpless people living on the streets and we don't even know if they are police or not,\" she rued.After submitting the petition to district administration, Selvam said that the District Collector, Anshul Mishra received their petition and assured to look into their issues in couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16442495", "title": "Immigration fraud mastermind arrested", "text": "MOHALI: A mastermind behind a total 39 immigration frauds and cheating cases, Neena Sharma, was arrested from Sector 21, Panchkula, on Sunday night. She was residing in a rented accommodation there and wanted in 39 cases of immigration frauds registered in Mohali.Neena has been sent in four days police custody and police recovered 13 passports, four fake driving licences, six ATM cards, half a dozen fake stamps of different government offices, lot gold jewellery and two cellphones. Neena is also wanted by Chandigarh police in over a dozen cases of immigration frauds.SP Swarandeep Singh said the accused was arrested following secret information. Neena along with her husband was running two fake immigration firms Shri Sai Kirpa Immigration Company in Sector 8, Chandigarh, and Guru Kripa Enterprises in Mohali, the SP added.Apart from Chandigarh, Neena was also wanted by Ludhiana and Ropar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446650", "title": "Tulsi is doing a great job: Karthika", "text": "Actress Karthika is all praise for her sister, Tulsi Nair, the debutant heroine of Mani Ratnam's Kadal, which has been kept away from media glare ever since it commenced its shoot.Karthika tells us that her sister is doing a great balancing act, managing her big debut in tinseltown, and giving due importance to her studies as well. \"She's in Class X and right now, she's giving her exams too. It is a tough job, I say! But touch wood, Tulsi is balancing both amazingly well,\" Karthika states. As for her sister's debut, Karthika is all confident. \"She's in safe hands. Mani Ratnam will definitely bring out her best,\" says Karthika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446651", "title": "Life is Beautiful's hulchul in overseas market", "text": "Sekhar Kammula's latest release Life is Beautiful got off to a flying start at the overseas box-office. According to the latest trade reports, the movie has collected $ 3, 40,458 (Rs 1.84 crores) across 51 screens in its opening weekend in North America. And if we add the revenue from rest of the world, the films collections would easily come close to Rs. 2 crores.Sekhar's previous films like Anand, Godavari and Happy Days fared very well in USA and other areas. Although Life is Beautiful opened to mixed reviews, the film was able to keep the cash registers ringing because of the director's image and pre-release buzz.Further, it was also reported that Sekhar has decided to trim the movie's running time by chopping of unnecessary scenes on distributors' request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443162", "title": "Governor visits dengue patient at hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: Dengue continues to bother the inmates of staff quarters at the Raj Bhavan. The latest victim of the deadly sting mosquito-borne infectionin Raj Bhavan is the special secretary to Governor M K Narayanan. D K Gautam was admitted to Calcutta Medical Research Institute (CMRI) on Sunday after an NS-1 Elisa test confirmed dengue. Apart from Gautam, two others living in Raj Bhavan staff quarter are getting treated in the hospital for dengue.Gautam's blood samples were tested through NS1 Elisa at Roy &amp; Trivedi tested positive to dengue.Gautam went to CMRI with the report on Sunday afternoon and was admitted thereafter. Doctors termed his condition stable albeit the WBC count being on the lower side.\"The patient is stable, but he will be put under strict observation for the next 48 hours to monitor if he develops severe symptoms of dengue,\" said Dr Sudeshna Lahiri, assistant superintendent at CMRI.The governor went to the hospital on Monday morning to visit Gautam. Narayanan was in the hospital for about half-an-hour inquiring about the patient's condition and also asking aboutthe general dengue scenario. with the hospital authority.Two siblings, who also stay in the Raj Bhavan staff quarters, are in the same hospital undergoing treatment for dengue. While Aparna Naik (11) was admitted on September 12, his brother Arnab (17) was admitted the next day. Though Aparna has been shifted to the ward from the paediatric intensive care unit, Arnab - admitted with low platelet count - is still in high dependency unit (HDU), a step down critical care unit. Their father Ajay Naik is the personal secretary to the special secretary at Raj Bhavan. The Naiks reside at the staff quarters opposite the north gate.Narayanan has recently expressed concern about the increasing number of dengue cases in the city and some districts in the state. He had come down heavily on the civic authorities for not doing enough to combat the mosquito menace.\"There is a decline in the number of fever patients. Currently, we have 35 confirmed cases of dengue, who are undergoing treatment in our hospital. Fourteen being fresh cases were reported on Monday,\" added Lahiri.Though the city has reported death of more than 20 dengue patients, the state heath department website maintains only 7 deaths so far. A nine year-old girl who died at BC Roy Memorial Hospital for Children on Saturday being the latest, officially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16443633", "title": "Chennai-based organization to remove garbage in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) has sought help from a Chennai based organisation 'Hand in Hand' to remove garbage and maintain cleanliness in city keeping in view the forthcoming International Buddhist Conclave, which will be held in the city from September 28 to 30. Around 300 delegates including tour operators are expected to arrive on the occasion.\"The organisation is working voluntarily and will return after the conclave. All the major areas, which will fall in the itinerary of the delegates including major areas like Ghats, Godowlia, Dashaswamedh road, Nai Sarak, Chetganj, Lahurabir, Sigra, Rathyatra, Lanka and several other localities will be covered in this special cleanliness drive. We will see what could be done regarding maintaining cleanliness in the city once the conclave is over\", said additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh.It is worth mentioning here that sanitary conditions in city have gone worse after the private company A2Z stopped collecting door to door solid waste for the generation of manure. Most of the areas of the city including major regional collection centres (RCCs) are overflowing with garbage leading to unhygienic conditions.It is noteworthy that VNN has around 2700 safai workers deployed in various areas of the city to maintain cleanliness, however, a recent review meeting by the district magistrate has revealed that most of workers are not doing their job in spite of their attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442853", "title": "Govt speeds up rural projects", "text": "KOLKATA: With an eye on the panchayat elections to be held next year, the Mamata Banerjee government is leaving no stone unturned to develop the backward districts. Under the Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF), the Centre had sanctioned Rs 1,475 crore to undertake 141 big and small rural road construction schemes. The state government has already issued work order to execute 136 schemes with an estimate of about Rs 1,450 crore, said a senior government official.About 1,800 kilometer of rural roads in all the 11 backward districts - Malda, Birbhum, Jalpaiguri, North Dinajpur, South Dinajpur, East Midnapore, South 24-Parganas, Murshidabad and the three Jangalmahal districts of Bankura, Purulia and West Midnapore - are to be constructed under the scheme. The PWD authorities are making sure that the funds are equally distributed among all the districts.Though projects under the BRGF scheme is to be completed by March 2014, the government wants to finish off as much work as possible by the time the panchayat elections are held next year. Besides roads, seven new bridges will also be constructed under the BRGF in several of the districts.The state government is also set to receive about Rs 900 crore from the Asian Development Bank for upgrading all the rural roads in the state.Besides, the West Bengal Highway Development Corporation Limited that was formed earlier this year, has received encouraging response from the expression of interests that it had floated. The expressions of interests were floated to invite consultants to prepare detailed project reports on upgrade and development of the state highways. So far, 10 reputable consultants have shown interest. West Bengal has 19 state highways with a total length of 4400 kilometers moving through all the districts.With an eye on the panchayat elections to be held next year, the Mamata Banerjee government is leaving no stone unturned to develop the backward districts. Out of the centrally sponsored Backward Region Grant Fund (BRGF) sanctioned amount of about Rs 1,475 crore under which 141 big and small rural road construction schemes to be undertaken , the state government has already issued work order to execute 136 schemes with an estimate of about Rs 1,450 crore, said a senior government official. About 1,800 kilometer of rural roads in all the 11 backward districts are to be constructed under the scheme.Under the BRGF project, the 11 districts listed as backward districts - Malda, Birbhum, Jalpaiguri, North Dinajpur, South Dinajpur, East Midnapore, South 24 Parganas, Murshidabad and the three jangalmahal districts of Bankura, Purulia and West Midnapore will be benefitted.The PWD authorities were looking so that the BRGF fund could be equally used for all the 11 districts so that all the backward distficts get equal importance. Earlier this year, the centre approved a special package of Rs 8,750 crore for West Bengal.Though the projects under the BRGF scheme is to be completed by March 2014. the state government wants to finish off as much of work as possible by the time the panchayat elections take place next year. Apart from rural roads, seven new bridges are to be constructed in several of the districts.The state government is also set to receive about Rs 900 crore from the Asian Development Bank for upgrading all the rural roads in the state. The state government received a letter from ADB on July 12 this year in which it has said that ADB has approved a loan of Rs 4,000 under the multitranche financing facility to India for the rural connectivity investment programme and under the investment programme, about 9,000 kilometer of all-weather roads will be constructed in five states of the country - Assam , Chattisgarh, Madhyparadesh, Orissa and West Bengal connecting about 4,200 habitations.Besides, the West Bengal Highway Development Corporation Limited that was formed earlier this year has received encouraging response from the expression of interests that it had floated to invite consultants to prepare detail project reports to upgrade and develop the state highways of the state. So far 10 reputed consultants have shown interest. West Bengal has 19 state highways with a total length of 4400 kilometers moving through all the districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447085", "title": "How Barfi! managed to keep the buzz alive and kicking", "text": "Barfi! managed to generate good online buzz, thanks to the combined efforts of the lead actors, Ranbir Kapoor and Priyana Chopra. Barfi! search activity has peaked at the right time and with early positive reviews, expected to get a good opening weekend.Anurag Basu's new movie , Barfi! has generated a lot of hype in the last few weeks with a unique story line about a deaf &amp; mute boy and an autistic girl played by Ranbir Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra respectively. Here, we try to look at the buzz created around the movie, leading upto its release date on Sept 14, 2012. We analyze the search trend and also try to link it to the news items in the 2 weeks prior to release, which is the most critical period for movie promotion. The news items are mostly related to movie related promotional activities in different media platforms (like TV, Radio, Web) and offline 'meet and greet' activities at malls, public places as well as interviews given by the stars of the movie and some times, the director too! Of course, controversy also finds its way for every Bollywood release, and as they say, any publicity is good publicity. As movies get 360 degree media coverage, coverage in all media (Print / TV / Radio / Web / ...) lead to increased curiosity / interest levels about the movie and result in a corresponding increase in search related to the movie and the main stars.The first spurt in search activity on Barfi! happened on Sep 1-2, 2012, with the launch of 'The Flavor of Barfi!' application on YouTube (Aug 31) and the launch of the song, ' Kyon' (Sep 1). YouTube, being an online powerhouse, there is no doubt, that this association led to a jump in Barfi related search. Music plays a very important role and the release of the song, 'Kyon' beautifully rendered by Papon and Sunidhi Chauhan to Pritam's music also contributed to increased Barfi! buzz on Sep 1-2.After the initial jump in search activity, it dropped for a few days, before gaining momentum again on Sep 8-9, 2012 (Weekend). In between, Ranbir, Priyanka and Ileana did the rounds of sets of different serials like 'Tarak Mehta Ka Ulta Chasma' on Sony SAB and sets of reality shows like Indian Idol on Sony, Dance Ke Superstars on Zee. Most of these programs were telecast during the weekend, which also contributed to the corresponding online buzz. Ranbir also kept himself in the news with his denial of quitting Abhinav Kashyap's Besharam in interviews. Priyanka was in the news for being feted by the Mayor of Bareilly. Did you know before, that she is from Bareilly and the place also has a Mayor!Finally, as we said, a little bit of controversy prior to the movie release doesn't harm anyone. So, the controversy related to Murphy suing Barfi! producers definitely worked its magic on Sep 11-13 and of course, Ranbir and Priyanka visiting the sets of Jhalak Dikhla Ja a nd reviews coming in early on Sep 13, led to Barfi! conquering new heights.A quick comparison of search related to the stars of the movie show, that Priyanka maintained a healthy lead over Ranbir throughout the period under consideration. However, this is not a seasonal trend. Historically, search related to Priyanka is more than Ranbir. Being a beautiful actress does have its perks! Of course, news about the impending launch of her single at NFL and her new found friendship with Salman Khan , helped her increase the gap with Ranbir in the last few days. The peaks of search activity for Ranbir and Priyanka matched the peaks of the movie, as they were both actively involved in the promotional activities for Barfi!When we compare search activities for Raaz 3 (Release: Sep 7, 2012), Barfi! (Release: Sep 14, 2012) and Heroine (Release: Sep 21, 2012), we find, till Sep 1, Barfi! and Raaz 3 were mostly lagging behind Heroine . Only in the days prior to its release, did buzz on Raaz 3 break out from Barfi! and Heroine leading to a jump in searches in the Sep 5-8, 2012 period and later gradually declining. Barfi has maintained a lead over Heroine since Sep 1 and the gap has been widening post Sep 10.Kareena maintains a clear and healthy lead in search over both Priyanka Chopra (who comes next) and Bipasha Basu . Bipasha only managed to reduce the gap with Priyanka and Kareena for a short period of Sep 5-9, around the release date o f Raaz 3. Priyanka has managed a steeper increase in the last few days leading to the release of Barfi!A quick glance at the top states from which search is being generated reveal, that Barfi!, Ranbir and Priyanka have been able to work their magic on most of the big states in the North, West and East region of the country. However, Punjab is not in the top states for Barfi! S imilarly, Maharashtra is not in the top states for Priyanka Chopra. Maybe, she has to do more groundwork in her adopted state? Assam and Bihar don't feature in the top states for Ranbir, though there is a surprise in form of Andhra Pradesh bringing up the rear in his list. Without doubt, Barfi! is expected to do good business in the states, where all 3 are on top.Overall, Barfi! has managed to create sufficient buzz in all media, including the Web and with all round support from all the leading actors, the marketing team have all reasons to feel happy about their efforts. The outcome in terms of the first weekend Box Office numbers will be out soon.Source: Pritam Roy, gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442822", "title": "Police play hide and seek over attack on circle inspectors", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Mystery shrouds the way the police department is handling cases pertaining to the attack on two officers of inspector ranks in two separate incidents last week. Two circle inspectors were attacked by local people accusing them of engaging in immoral activities. But, the police seem not so interested in probing the allegations.One of the officers was attacked near Sangumugham beach on last Monday night. The other officer was manhandled by the local people, who allegedly spotted him near a house at Kudappanakunnu at night on Wednesday. In the Sangumugham episode, the officer attached to vigilance and anti corruption bureau was attacked by a group of miscreants while he was resting inside his car after parking it on roadside near the beach.Police have arrested Unais (20) of Beemapally in connection with the incident. Unais has confessed to the crime and said that it was a case of mistaken identity, said Poonthura circle inspector C S Vinod.Meanwhile, the cops have made no progress in connection with the attack on the officer at Kudappanakunnu. He said he went there to nab a culprit, though interestingly, he worked for the coastal police station. The officer is infamous for being warned by the people of Thirumala, for his 'friendly' visits to a particular house while he was working at the Poojapura station. Peroorkada CI V Jayachandran said no case has been registered in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442600", "title": "Corporations protest against FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP , which has been opposing the move to introduce FDI in retail , is mulling a proposal to disallow issuing of trade licences to international brands. The party rules all the three corporations at present.\"Already grocers are not doing well, thanks to inflation. Still, they are opening up the Indian market to international brands. The deliberative wing of the corporation will not allow trade licences to be issued to them,\" said east Delhi mayor Annapurna Misra. Misra, along with traders from east Delhi, protested on Monday. They wrote an open letter to CM Sheila Dikshit , asking her not to allow FDI in retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16443365", "title": "Vegetable prices spiral upwards", "text": "PANAJI: With Ganesh Chaturthi a day away, vegetable prices spiraled upwards on Monday.Fast-selling vegetables like pumpkin, cucumber, ladyfinger and beetroot have had their prices raised.Cucumber and beetroot are up from 20 a kg to 40. French beans have seen a steep jump from 24 to around 50 per kg.Potato, tomato, onion prices have remained constant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442641", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 strike hits work at Delhi courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work in all district courts, barring Patiala House court, was affected on Monday with lawyers protesting the Delhi government's decision of increasing the revenue and judicial districts from 9 to 11.\"Nearly 50,000 lawyers abstained from work today and it was a complete strike in all the district courts of Delhi,\" R N Vats, chairman of the co-ordination committee of All District Court Bar Associations of Delhi, claimed. After Monday's strike, the lawyers' body is planning its future course of action which it said may include \"gherao of Delhi Secretariat and a demonstration at the residence of Delhi chief minister.\"The committee said government's move of adding two more revenue districts lacks justification and is \"mere wastage of public money.\" The usually chaotic Tis Hazari courts complex witnessed a dip in activity with lawyers abstaining from appearing before the court. Work at Dwarka, Saket, Karkardooma and Rohini court complexes was also affected.Patiala House court, however, worked as usual with the proceedings in the high-profile 2G spectrum scam case remaining unaffected. Sources in the New Delhi Bar Association said that only a \"normal strike\" was observed in the Patiala House Courts complex.Vinod Bhardwaj, general secretary of the committee, in a statement said that \"Co-ordination committee shall meet very soon and decide further course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16443384", "title": "HC notice to 'whistleblower' IAS officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court has issued a notice to Haryana 'whistleblower' IAS officer Ashok Khemka, asking him why contempt of court proceedings should not be issued against him for misleading the court.The issue pertains to Khemka filing an affidavit in the case of Kheri Kankar village panchayat of Mewat district as director general (DG), department of consolidation and holdings, Haryana.In its petition, panchayat had sought directions to quash the transfer of 104 acres of village common land to some realtors and private parties.In this case, the bench has found that he filed an affidavit in this case without perusing the judgments of the Supreme Court, which had held that a director consolidation has no jurisdiction to decide on whether a piece of land vests or does not vest in a gram panchayatThe division bench, comprising Justice Rajive Bhalla and Justice Rekha Mittal, observed, \"We are prima facie satisfied that affidavit filed by Khemka is an attempt to subvert course of justice and to mislead the court.''\"We issue show-cause notice to Khemka as to why proceedings under contempt of court be not initiated against him,\" the bench held, fixing September 19 as next date of hearing.Khemka had recently written to the Haryana government, alleging that his predecessors SC Goel and Anil Kumar (both IAS), had allotted the said land in favour of builders without any jurisdiction and in violation of the relevant statute.While holding that \"involvement of high ups cannot be ruled out,\" Khemka had requested the additional chief secretary to probe such transfers of land by an independent agency like CBI to probe the transfer of such land.Explaining the reason for writing the letter, Khemka has said, \"I was not able to reconcile myself to such gross abuse of authority.''The letter pertained to the consolidation of prime land in some villages of Gurgaon district. Following his letter, the HC on September 6 had quashed transfer of land in favour of builders and realtors and the same was reinstated with the village panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443176", "title": "Mad start to rush week", "text": "KOLKATA: The city will have an early start on Tuesday, and the rest of the week. For the millions who cannot afford to give the transport strike excuse to stay at home, it's going to be a hellish test of patience.The city got a taste of it on Monday when buses and minibuses went off the roads. There were long queues at all major crossings. As soon as a government bus was spotted, there would be a mad scramble to find a toehold. Such was the rush that people were seen hanging from window bars on just two fingers.Taxis and autorickshaws made a killing in the chaos, charging double the fare at some places. Even rickshaws cashed in on the commuters' harassment, giving an indication of the chaos to come. Transport minister Madan Mitra warned autorickshaw drivers against extracting higher fares but it did not seem to have much effect, much as the bus owners have ignored his warnings.The harassment for commuters will worsen on Tuesday, say transport experts. Monday being Viswakarma Puja, a lot of offices, schools, colleges and technical institutes were closed. In spite of that, there were thousands waiting at crossings in Behala, Thakurpukur, Jadavpur, Kasba and Kidderpore for some form of transport.The scene was the same across the city, be it Mullick Bazar, Gariahat or Picnic Garden. The transport minister admitted that people in Rajarhat had a difficult time because there were few buses on the road. In Ultadanga, hundreds of commuters staged a road blockade on finding after waiting for over an hour and not finding even a single bus.Passengers arriving and going to Howrah and Sealdah railway stations had a tough time. There were long queues at the bus stands for the few government buses that plied, and at prepaid taxi counters. A large number of commuters returned home after missing their reporting times at office because they couldn't find transport.Taxis cushioned the impact of the bus strike somewhat but from Thursday, they, too, would join the strike, raising fears of a complete collapse of the transport system in Kolkata.The Metro - the city's lifeline -carries 6 lakh passengers a day and has packed in close to 8 lakh on a Puja day, but there is no way it can make up for the absence of private buses that carry 40 lakh commuters a day. The Metro did not see a jump in passenger count on Monday, possibly due to Viswakarma Puja, but on Tuesday, you can expect the coaches to be super crowded.According to Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway, 4.8 lakh commuters had used the system by 8pm. \"We normally carry 6 lakh people on weekdays. It doesn't seem that this figure will be reached today (Monday). However, if the bus strike continues and taxis join in, we expect a jump of nearly 25% in the coming days. Monday was glitch-free and we hope to run uninterrupted services in the days to come as well,\" Ghosh said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16443204", "title": "Saudi Airlines announces Haj flights' schedule", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Saudi Arabian Airlines, on Monday, announced the detailed schedule of Haj flights from Kerala this year. The schedule has been handed over to the state Haj committee, which will allot seats to the pilgrims and publish the list within two days.As per the schedule, the pilgrimage will commence on October 6 from Karipur airport. The airline will operate 32 special services in 15 days, until October 20.Two services would be operated on the inaugural day. The first flight will take off at 10.20am, and the second at 1.20pm. There will be two flights each on October 7, 16 and 19. On October 8, 9, 11, 18 and 20, the airlines will operate three flights each. On October 13, there will be four Haj flights, and on October 10, 12, 14, 15 and 17, there will be one flight each. The pilgrims will be flown to Jeddah and their return journey would be from Medina. Chairman of the Haj committee Kottumala Bappu Musaliyar said that the return journey from Medina would start from November 16. The last return flight will be on November 29.This year the return flights would be operated directly to Kozhikode from Medina. Hence, the pilgrims will not have to undertake the 500-km bus journey to Jeddah airport from Medina that they usually are required to. \"We expect to release the pilgrims' schedule indicating the date of the journey and the flight timing of each pilgrim by Wednesday. Preparations at the Haj house in Karipur are almost over and the airport authority has made elaborate arrangements for the smooth operation of the flights,\" he said.There was confusion on the date of commencement of the pilgrimage from Kerala after Air India delayed the announcement of the flights' schedule. On September 10, the ministry of civil aviation replaced Air India with Saudi Airlines. The total number of Haj pilgrims from state (including Mahe and Lakshadweep ) this year is around 9,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16443299", "title": "Women and child panel chief election today", "text": "NASHIK: The election to the post of the chairperson of Women and Child Welfare Committee is to be held on Tuesday.Mayor Yatin Wagh had announced the names of the nine members of the Women and Child Welfare Committee on August 22. The committee includes three members from MNS, two each from Shiv Sena and NCP, and one each from BJP and Congress party. The chairperson will be declared of the party having support of five members.Four candidates are in the fray for the elections to the post of the chairpersonof the Women and Child Welfare Committee. The four candidates in the fray include Meena Malode from MNS, Ranjana Pawar from NCP, Manisha Hekare from Shiv Sena and Savita Dalwani from BJP.The ruling MNS-BJP combine have four members altogether, while Congress-NCP have a total of three members. Hence, the role of Shiv Sena, which has two members on the committee, will be more important in the elections to the post of the chairperson.The nine members of the Committee are Usha Shelke, Shobhana Shinde and Meena Malode from MNS, Lalita Bhalerao and Manish Dhekare from Shiv Sena, Ranjana Pawar and Nilima Amale from NCP, Savita Dalwani from BJP and Vaishali Bhagawat from Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441905", "title": "Cops told to probe cheating case against Karuna\u2019s daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the city police to hold an inquiry into the allegations of cheating and breach of trust levelled against Selvi, daughter of former chief minister M Karunanidhi.Justice A Arumughaswamy, passing interim orders on a criminal original petition filed by N Nedumaran of Valasaravakkam, said: \"The petitioner is directed to present the complaint before the police concerned, and the T Nagar inspector of police is directed to consider the petitioner's complaint and investigate it in accordance with law.\"Nedumaran claimed that he had paid an advance of 3.5 crore to buy a 2.94-acre property belonging to Selvi's family at Thalambur village for 5.14 crore in 2007. Selvi's son-in-law V M Jothimani held the power of attorney over the property but he did not complete the sale. Neither did he return the money paid by him as advance, Nedumaran alleged.Suppressing these facts, the land was sold to a G S K Velu, he said. After he tried to contact Jothimani, he received threat calls and was physically attacked too, Nedumaran alleged.Noting that his complaint on the matter had not received any response from the T Nagar police, he wanted the court to direct police to register his complaint dated September 21, 2011 and take appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441982", "title": "Congress in talks with Trinamool, may revise cap on cylinders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday said negotiations were underway with Trinamool and expressed hope that allies would retain a working relationship, striking an optimistic note on the eve of Mamata Banerjee's deadline for rollback of FDI in multi-brand retail.The talk of negotiations suggested that the Centre could make concessions to woo the restive ally who has threatened \"strong action\" against the decisions to allow FDI in retail and diesel price hike. The optimism, however, flew in the face of Banerjee's toughening of stance. Her finance minister Amit Mitra refused to come to Delhi to discuss a financial package for West Bengal with finance minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday.A section of Congress feels that raising the annual limit of the number of subsidized gas cylinders from six is a good idea to win over people hit by the harsh economic situation.While the party has adopted a tough line on economic reforms with nobody striking a dissenting note, a section of the party feels that softening the blow to the common man would be helpful in view of the negative publicity by opposition's protests.Denying any threat to UPA from Banerjee's ultimatum, AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury said, \"Negotiations are going on... we do believe that we will be able to have a working relationship. We remain optimistic.\"At the same time, Chowdhury conveyed that Congress was ready with alternatives if things did not work out with the Bengal ally. \"We are hoping that we do not need to look at that. But yes, the managers of the party will be working overtime on all options -- Plan A, Plan B and onwards. The government is stable,\" she said.Congress believes that Banerjee will not destabilize the Centre and some give-and-take was possible. However, it is still not clear how the West Bengal chief minister wriggles out of the tight spot she has painted herself into by seeking complete rollback of FDI in retail.With the Centre unwilling to roll back the reforms, the Trinamool leader may pull out ministers from UPA and extend outside support. However, she is under pressure from colleagues who argue it would be politically unwise to lose central ministries after failing to stop the retail FDI decision.If the present test to ties survives, the coming Cabinet reshuffle could open another fault line. Sources said the Congress leadership could appoint a Muslim and a Hindu from Bengal as junior ministers. The move will not go down well with the Trinamool chief who is hostile to Congress efforts to strengthen its base in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441639", "title": "Runway works to affect flight schedule", "text": "PUNE: The runway of the city airport, which is part of the Indian Air Force's (IAF) Lohegaon air field, will remain closed between 10 pm and 8 am every night later this year when the IAF's Modernisation of Air Field Infrastructure (MAFI) project works are likely to commence.The Lohegaon Air Force Station (AFS) is yet to convey a final schedule of the project works to the stakeholders, including the Airports Authority of India (AAI), which manages the civil enclave, and the airlines that operate from the city. However, AFS authorities have sounded out a tentative notice about the runway closure for the MAFI works.\"The Air Officer Commanding (AOC) of the Lohegaon air base has conveyed to us that the runway will be closed from 10 pm to 8 am to facilitate the works. The project is expected to be completed in six months,\" S K Jain, president of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture (MCCIA), told TOI on Monday.The AOC, along with the senior air traffic control officer and other AFS officials, had attended a meeting at the MCCIA on September 8 where a presentation of the project was made. Representatives of some airlines were also present. The Lohegaon runway and the air traffic control (ATC) are controlled by the IAF while the AAI manages the civil enclave.Jain said, \"Civilian flight operations are bound to be affected when the MAFI works begin. There will be no flights at night. Flights coming in late night and due for take off early next morning will be impacted.\"The city airport handles 40-odd flights with 7,000 passengers flying in and out every day. This includes two international flights to Dubai and Frankfurt - the latter one operating during intervening night hours. At least 13 flights arrive in Pune between 9 pm and 10.30 pm and some of these opt for a night halt. Similarly, nearly 10 flights take off in the early morning hours between 5.30 am and 8 am.As of now, civilian flights cannot operate for six hours - between 8 am and 10.30 am, to facilitate the IAF's flying exercises, and between 7.30 pm and 10.30 pm, which is an undeclared restriction to enable night time low flying exercises. These restrictions often result in the bunching of aircraft - successive arrivals within a short span of time, which pose difficulty in terms of handling of flights and turnaround of passengers.The proposed 10 pm to 8 am runway closure would mean an extended halt to civilian flight operations till 10.30 am. \"Ideally, we do not want any flight to be curtailed at all in the larger interest of people flying in and out of the city. We have to work out some solution,\" said Jain.A senior AAI Pune official, who did not wish to be named, confirmed that flight operations will be impacted. \"We expect some rescheduling to take place in view of the impending project works,\" he said.The project may not take off in November, as was declared by IAF chief Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne during his visit to the Armed Forces Medical College last month. \"So far, we haven't got any final programme from the IAF authorities but they have assured us that the AAI will be given a two-month advance notice regarding commencement of the project,\" the AAI official said.When contacted, Lohegaon AFS public relations officer Wg Cdr R R Lal said, \"I won't be able to comment right now about the MAFI project at Lohegaon as it is under process for clearance at various levels. We need adequate time before we can go public with concrete details about the project.\"The ProjectThe Indian Air Force (IAF) has planned an ambitious Rs 1,220 crore makeover for 30 air fields across the country in phase-I of the 'Modernisation of Air Field Infrastructure' (MAFI) project. The idea is to make these air fields capable of handling modern transport and fighter aircraft.For instance, the IAF is in the process of acquiring 126 modern combat aircraft like the French Rafale jet and has recently inducted six C-130J Hercules transport aircraft, which involve use of modern equipment.Earlier this year, the IAF completed a MAFI pilot project that involved modernisation of the Bhatinda air field in Punjab and now plans to start work at another four air fields including the Lohegaon air base.The project will see the Lohegaon airfield getting a new state-of-the-art instrument landing system (ILS), distance measure equipment, tactical air navigation system, automated air traffic management system, which is to be provided by US defence major Raytheon, and new runway lights, among other things. The entire phase-I contract has been bagged by Tata Power Strategic Electronics Division.The ILS, a key navigational aid, enables smooth landing of aircraft in poor visibility conditions caused by inclement weather. For long, the AAI as well as airlines operating from Pune have been demanding installation of the ILS to prevent instances like diversion or cancellation of flights due to poor weather conditions.The IAF has set up an independent training establishment at the 7 Tetra School near the airbase for training of personnel in the handling of MAFI equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16440969", "title": "US consulate suspends visa processing in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Within days of protests against the controversial film 'Innocence of Muslims' turning violent, the US consulate in Chennai has suspended visa processing until Wednesday following the decision of more than 20 Muslim groups to hold more rallies. The consulate also asked US citizens in the TN capital to exercise caution and follow local media for updates.Security was strengthened around the consulate after around 2,000 protesters belonging to the Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam resorted to violence last Thursday. Maulana Ghulam Mohammed Mehdi Khan, chief Shia Kazi, on Monday indicated to this newspaper that the protests would continue in the city, although he did not agree with the violence.\"A wave of Islamophobia is sweeping across the world,\" he said, adding, \"films like this one feed this phobia.\"Chennai police chief J K Tripathy said they are geared up to face the demonstrations. \"The protesters have not finalized the venue. We will plan our action according to the venue,\" he said. The Chennai police have deployed swift action group (SAG), rapid action force (RAF) and commando force around the consulate. Search lights have been installed on roads and CCTV cameras, broken during Thursday's protest, have been replaced.Police have arrested 18 people in connection with Thursday's incident and cordoned off the area around the consulate by blocking the service roads connecting Anna Salai and Dr Radhakrishnan Salai. They said 24 Islamic fronts, associations and federations in the state had given a call for protest on Tuesday.Intelligence officials said members of Muslim organizations were travelling from many districts to Chennai in vans, cars and buses. The US consulate in Chennai will remain closed until Wednesday, a public holiday. Other US consulates in India and the US embassy in New Delhi will remain open for services. The consulate officials have requested visa applicants to check their official website for further updates.The consulate has asked American citizens to enroll in the Smart Traveller Enrollment Programme (STEP). US citizens without internet access may enroll directly at the US embassy or the consulate at their destination. By enrolling, the US citizens make it easier for the embassy to contact them in case of an emergency.Talking to TOI, the chief Shia Kazi said there was a pattern in the attacks on Islam, starting with Salman Rushdie's book, followed in subsequent years by a Danish cartoonist's depiction of the Prophet and now this movie. Asked why Islamists should target the US and its President Obama over a film made by an individual American, the Kazi said, \"Every country has a censor board and it's not possible that the movie was not cleared by the American censor authority. I am sure President Obama could have exercised control through his country's censor board to stop the release of the movie.\"TMMK leader and legislator M H Jawahirulla said the attack on the consulate was an accident. \"A few emotional youngsters did that and it was not a planned one,\" he said. KVS Habeeb Mohammad, vice-president of Islamic Foundation Trust, said the attack was not only against the director of the movie. \"We have to look at the whole background. The international Muslim community has been angry with the US government , especially with its foreign policies and their approach to the Palestinian issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446715", "title": "Deepshika Nagpal and Shub Mukherjee in Gumraah", "text": "Gumraah-The end of Innocence on Channel V always bring those spine chilling stories which proves to be an eye opener to the masses. The upcoming episode of Gumraah will leave the audience stunned with its storyline.Before sharing let us ask you one question, Can you ever think of a daughter getting insecure with her mother's beauty and asking her boy friend to rape her and take revenge?Though it sounds shocking, unfortunately, it is the fact. The story is about a daughter who gets insecure because her mother is beautiful than her.For the same the makers (Balaji Telefilms and Lost Boy Productions) have roped in seasoned actress Deepshika Nagpal to essay the mother while Bollywood actor Shub Mukherjee will essay role of a boy friend.Shub Mukherjee debut in Bollywood with the movie, Shakal Pe Mat Jaa.\"It's a very shocking story and that's the reason why I took up the episode. The entire team of Gumraah is very talented and I enjoyed being part of it,\" said Deepshika Nagpal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16440792", "title": "Jeev Milkha Singh likely to skip Indian Open again", "text": "MUMBAI: Ace golfer Jeev Milkha Singh is unlikely to compete in the Hero Indian Open this year, which will be staged in Bangalore at the Karnataka Golf Association course from October 18 to 21.There are also doubts on the participation of top pros Arjun Atwal and Rahil Gangjee, who are likely to be busy on the USPGA and web.com Tour duties respectively.This is the fourth year in a row that Jeev will not be seen in action at India's premier golf event. After he pulled out last year, there were rumours of a rift with promoters Nimbus Sport, who claimed that Jeev had demanded $100,000 as appearance fee, which was vehemently refused by the golfer.Jeev had a fourth-place finish in the 2008 edition. As it is, it's difficult for him to compete in the $1.25 million event this year as he is concerned about keeping his exemption on the Japan Golf Tour for which he needs to play a minimum of three events in a season plus ensure himself a top-70 place in their annual standings.\"It is difficult for me to play in the Indian Open this time as I have to play a minimum of 4-5 events on the trot to keep my exemption in Japan,\" Jeev told TOI from Hyogo, where he will be competing in the $1.9 million Asia-Pacific Panasonic Open from Thursday.He finished tied 31st at the just-concluded Yen110,000,000 Ana Open on Sunday, in Hokkaido, Japan. This means Jeev will be seen participating in back to back events - Coca-Cola Tokai Classic, Canon Open, Japan Open and Bridgestone Open - after the Hyogo tournament.The Chandigarh pro is on the path to recovery after a one-month layoff following a trigger finger injury that he sustained during the second round of the Scottish Open, which he eventually won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16446421", "title": "Patiala: Punjabi University organizes Kathak dance event", "text": "PATIALA: The dance department of Punjabi University organised a Kathak presentation by renowned Kathak Guru Shri Sandeep Mahanvir from Mumbai in the Kala Bhawan of the University, here .Dr. Jaspal Singh, vice-chancellor presided over the function. In his presidential address he appreciated the organizers of this programme which will leave its impact on the students of dance department. He hoped the students will learn new techniques and new forms of classical dances.\"Such events are necessary if we really want to nurture talent in our coming generations. There are many students, who have great dancing talent, but they could not express that as they don't get required opportunity for it. We want to provide opportunities to our all students\"said VC.On this occasion Dr. Daisy Walia, head of the department, while welcoming the guests gave detailed information about the projects undertaken by the department.\"We have been organizing such events repeatedly as we know that these are must if we really want to see the growth of our talent,\"said Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16443000", "title": "Farmers expect complete loss, officials hopeful", "text": "NAGPUR: The district administration of Amravati more or less concurs with the claims of farmers regarding loss to crops. However, while most farmers say that soyabean and cotton has been completely ruined, the officials say that if there is not much rainfall till September-end then the two crops will give good yield this year.\"The crops have been damaged due to untimely and erratic rains. There was very little rainfall in June and July. And then it rained every day for 28 days till September 6. Now, there should not be much rain till the month-end and the sky should not remain overcast. If this happens, many crops would be saved,\" said agriculture department official Prashant Ringe.He said that farmers who had sowed soyabean in June would get reasonable returns provided it does not rain further. \"However, those who sowed late have suffered heavy damage,\" he admitted.Ringe further said that there was a cloud burst in Chikhaldara area in last week of August. \"The top soil over large tracts of cultivable land got washed away. It has caused long term damage to the area.\"Achalpur MLA Bacchu Kadu said he was collecting information from each and every farmer in Achalpur, Warud and Morshi talukas. \"The damage is unprecedented. Irrigation department had released water into rivers and canals, which washed away several hectares of land. Heavy rainfall wreaked havoc in the remaining parts. Over 200 wells have been damaged in this area. The rainfall has caused huge damage to farmers. Not only will they have to repair them at their own expense, but they will not be able to water the rabbi crop until the well becomes functional,\" he explained.The repair of a badly damaged well usually takes two months. First, the inner wall that has caved in has to be repaired. Then workmen will go under the water to remove the rubble and silt, and recover the pump or pipe if it has fallen into the well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16447092", "title": "Walking red carpet with De Niro was magic: Anupam Kher", "text": "Anupam Kher talks about Silver Linings Playbook, which won the People's Choice award in TorontoHe was excited he landed a role in David O Russell's comedy Silver Linings Playbook co-starring Robert De Niro , Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper among others. And now that the film has won the People's Choice Award at the 2012 Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), automatically landing it an Oscar nomination, Anupam Kher's joy knows no bounds.Speaking to TOI,Anupam said,\"It was a marvellous opportunity to work with Bradley and Jennifer in the lead and De Niro, Stiles, Jacki Weaver and Chris Tucker. And then to walk the red carpet with them. You only dream of such things. They don't usually happen.\"How was his experience shooting for the Hollywood film? \"One of the most unforgettable days was when we were to do only one scene but ended up doing four. I almost went into a coma. Basically, I think of a scene in Hindi and not in English,\" Anupam said and added, \"When you are working with a complete A-lister cast and crew you are pushing yourself into a situation where you cannot fail. Besides, you are representing your country. In such a situation, you have no option but to be brilliant as you are dealing with people who know their job completely.\"Recalling how he landed the part, Anupam said, \"I was shooting for a film in a village near Jodhpur when I received a mail from my agent Ruth Young saying Russell wanted to speak to me on Skype. I had seen his Fighter and been bowled over. I had only ten hours notice and I had never used Skype before. My staff dashed off to Jodhpur and somehow we managed. But he couldn't hear me. I thought I had lost my chance but we fixed up Skype again only to encounter the same problem. A Bangladeshi waiter who was making tea in my suite helped me get through to Russell on his iPhone. Ten days later, I got the message I had been chosen to play Dr Patel in the film.\"Anupam said he began in earnest, thinking of himself as a newcomer and endeavouring to push himself for the role and the rest, as they say, is history. Is their filmmaking different from ours? \"I have worked with Ang Lee and Woody Allen . In Hollywood,they have the liberty of making a film they believe in. They don't pre-plan like we do over here. The focus is tremendously large. Not that I am running down Indian cinema where the warmth is unbelievable but in our industry, films are made in bhaichaara: aao, khaana khao, nashta karo, you know what I mean.\"Apparently, Anupam always had a gut feeling the film would be successful. The makers are now planning to release it in India in November itself and not later as was originally planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "johdpur", "code": "16442149", "title": "AIIMS-Jodhpur begins session with 50 students", "text": "JOHDPUR: The second prestigious medical institution in the country, AIIMS Jodhpur, commenced its maiden session on Monday. This is the first among the six AIIMS, announced by the NDA government in 2004, besides the one in New Delhi. It started its session with induction of 50 students, of which 30 are from Rajasthan.Addressing the inaugural session, its founder-director and noted onco surgeon Sanjeev Mishra termed the institute as a temple of knowledge and committed to highest standards of teaching, research and treatment. He called upon the students to commit themselves to the course with all seriousness and set standards for future batches.He advised the students to put in themselves wholeheartedly not only to become a good doctor but a good human being also. \"There is no short-cut to success and there is no alternative to hard work,\" he said.Referring to the academic atmosphere of the institute, Mishra also said there will be a zero tolerance to any sort of indiscipline in the institute and said that after induction of the students, there will not be any discrimination along caste, creed, religion and financial or social status.Joint secretary, Union health ministry, Rakesh Kumar said the construction of the building started in 2006 and now the academic block has been completed, which enabled commencement of the session. \"From next September, we will start the hospital, which will have 950 beds including trauma unit,\" he said.The institute will have 24 faculties, which will be increased to 91 by October. \"We are making sure that we bring the best possible faculties here in order to make it a top-rated institute,\" Kumar said.There was tremendous pressure in the OPD of AIIMS (New Delhi) with most of the patients coming from states like Bihar, Orissa, MP and UP.Six new AIIMS had been proposed at Jodhpur (Rajasthan), Bhubaneshwar (Orissa), Raipur ( Chhattisgarh ), Bhopal (MP), Rishikesh ( Uttarakhand ) and Patna (Bihar) with a view to relieve New Delhi AIIMS from pressure.The inaugural session was attended by the former director of AIIMS (New Delhi) and Padma Shri recipient S K Kakkar, principal of S N Medical College (Jodhpur) Arvind Mathur and joint secretary (ministry of health and family welfare) Rakesh Kumar.After the inaugural session, all the students were distributed books for MBBS first year followed by plantation in the institute campus by the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443617", "title": "DNA test helps cop identify body", "text": "INDORE: With the help of DNA test, police identified a decomposed body found about five months ago in Kshipra area. A case was registered against unknown persons on Monday. According to police, the body, almost reduced to bones, was found behind a petroleum depot situated in Manglia. DNA test has confirmed that the body was of missing Raju Sihode, son of Nazeer Sihode. He was missing since March 7 and the body was found on April 1.Unclaimed clothes recovered from Mangalia area also helped police reach the conclusion that the body was of Raju, a resident of Dewas. He was residing in Indore at Dwarkadham, Manglia. Family members have meanwhile stated that Raju could have been murdered. After registering the case under section 302 of the IPC, police began their investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441908", "title": "Delivery of Admiral Gorshkov delayed, may arrive only by 2013-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delivery of the Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Gorshkov to the Indian Navy has been further delayed by several months because of technical troubles with its engines detected during the ongoing sea trials.Originally meant to be delivered to India in 2008, the carrier, renamed INS Vikramaditya, was to be given by December this year under the revised schedule.However, latest inputs from Navy sources here and reports from Russia said that delivery of the carrier may now take place only by the second half of 2013. This will delay the Indian Navy's plans to have a carrier battle group around the Gorshkov.A Navy source said the delay could be about six months, but indications are that it could be almost as much as a year. \"There is some issue with boilers. The ship has been sailing for 90 days, undergoing sea trials. It is still sailing on its own power,\" a Navy source said. The aviation trials aboard the carrier, with MIG-29K fighters, is also going on as scheduled, sources said. There have been 40 sorties from the ship so far.Russian daily Kommersant reported that three of the eight boilers of the 44,500-tonne ship were detected to be malfunctioning and they were not able to reach their full capability. The report said the aircraft carrier would be ready for delivery only by October 2013. Under the existing plan, the carrier was to be handed over to the Indian Navy by December 4.Sources said the ship would now be brought back to Sevmash shipyard for detailed examination and repair works. Russian media report said the boilers were malfunctioning because they avoided using asbestos, on India's insistence, for protection from heat.The latest delay is the fresh twist in the long, and often controversial, Indian effort to acquire Admiral Gorshkov, one of the last carriers built by the Soviet Union and which had been lying idle since 1996. India and Russia signed a contract in 2004 for repair and overhaul of the carrier. The $947 million deal was renegotiated to $2.3 billion much later, despite many protesting the huge hike in contract price.The fresh setback to the delivery of the carrier will significantly delay Indian Navy's plan to have a carrier battle group each on the east and west coast of the country. The only operational carrier of the Navy, INS Viraat, is in the last leg of its service and is only partially effective.The Navy had planned to induct Gorshkov and the 40,000-tonne indigenous aircraft carrier (IAC), under construction in Kochi, over the next several months to build the carrier groups around them. The original plan was to have the two carrier groups by 2015.Besides the latest delay in Gorshkov's delivery, Navy estimates that the IAC delivery would be at least three years behind the schedule and would be available only by 2018.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442552", "title": "DTC to get 625 low-floor buses", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government has decided to augment the DTC low-floor CNG bus fleet from 3,781 to more than 4,400 by procuring 625 fully built non-AC buses.The buses will be purchased with maintenance for 7,50,000 km or for a period of 12 years of operation, whichever is later. Each bus will cost around Rs 52.78 lakh and as a whole this expenditure will be about Rs 330 crore. The decision to procure the new buses was taken at a cabinet meeting presided over by chief minister Sheila Dikshit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16442796", "title": "Students show concern for environment on canvas", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The serene premise where Greenpeace campaigner Brikesh Singh has been occupying a tree since a month was abuzz with activities on Sunday. Dozens of students drew pictures and wrote slogans on a large canvas, while others exchanged their ideas with Singh about protection of forest and environment.Local NGOs, in association with Greenpeace, had organized a drawing competition at Brikesh Singh's tree house to mark the World Ozone Day. Students were appealed to express their feelings on a huge canvas through slogans or drawing.Though it was a holiday, the activity got good response from students. Scores of college students from Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering and Research (RCERT) and Janta College travelled eight kms to Padmapur forest check-post and walked nearly a kilometre in the afternoon to reach Singh's tree house on the fringe of the forest.Even teachers from Priyadarshani Kanya school, Bhavanjibhai High School and Panjabrao Deshmukh High School brought their students to Singh's house to educate them about environment.\"I am very much inspired by the work of Brikesh Singh and his dedication for the cause. When someone from a distant place like Mumbai can come and fight for the safety of our jungles, then as local people our responsibility is even greater. Singh's message of using alternate energy is also motivating,\" said Sampat Jangid, student of RCERT.Explaining the threat to environment due to coal mining, Brikesh Singh sought the support of students in creating awareness about non-conventional sources of energy. The students also expressed their views about conservation of jungle and controlling pollution. Other NGOs too briefed the students about the importance of ozone and threat to its layer due to global warming.Organizer Sachin Wazalwar said the motive behind the activity was to make students do something different and prepare them for creating awareness about environment. \"The community painting concept brought out the hidden artist among them. The drawings expressed their feelings about pollution,\" he said.On the occasion, artist and animation expert Harish Chunarkar sketched caricatures of Singh and his colleagues. Harish's team also drew sketches highlighting environment degradation and corrective steps needed. Even small kids accompanied their parents to the place. Brikesh Singh's parents had also come to visit him from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441330", "title": "Magistrates cannot issue community certificates: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has condemned the practice of judicial magistrates issuing community certificates to people and has warned them of disciplinary action if they continued to do so. The registrar-general of the court has been directed to issue a circular to all judicial officers in the state asking them not to issue community certificates to anyone.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, declining to come to the rescue of a man who sought to join a railway job on the basis of an illegal community certificate issued by a city magistrate, on Monday said: \"No power has been vested with a judicial officer to issue a community certificate as the field is completely occupied by orders of the government... We wonder as to how and under what authority the said judicial officer has issued the community certificate on May 6, 2009, stepping into the shoes of the authorities concerned and ignoring the directions issued by the Supreme Court, and the scheme of things propounded in government orders.\"The matter relates to the provisional selection of D Yogeswaran for senior clerk's post in the Southern Railway in 2006. He was called for certificate verification on March 11, 2006. When he furnished a certificate stating that he belonged to a Scheduled Tribe community, the authorities insisted on a certificate in prescribed format. He took time, but never furnished the proper certificate. It also emerged that Yogeswaran was a Class 8 dropout and that he had done his degree course through open university system. He was also pursuing a law degree at the time of selection.Later, Yogeswaran submitted a community certificate issued by the XVIII metropolitan magistrate at Saidapet, N Arunachalam. In the meanwhile, he approached the Central Administrative Tribunal seeking a direction to the Southern Railway to permit him to join the service without insisting on a new ST certificate. The railways, however, pointed out that the first community certificate submitted by him was 13 years old and wanted a new certificate from the state-level scrutiny committee meant for issuing ST certificates. After the tribunal ruled in favour of Yogeswaran, the railway administration moved the high court.Allowing the railway's plea, the bench headed by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao ruled: \"The community certificate issued by the magistrate under an assumed power cannot have any legal bearing and will not bind anybody, much less the administration. For perpetrating such an illegal action, we warn the judicial officer not to repeat such things in future. The registrar-general of this court is directed to communicate this order to the said officer (N Arunachalam) so as to be vigilant in future.\"The circular from the registrar-general is necessary so that all judicial officers in the state would be warned against issuing any such community certificates, the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442686", "title": "Mandals to tackle potholes with metal sheets, gunny bags", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the BMC's assurances on pothole-free roads before the Ganpati festival, mandals are not taking any chances and will adopt their own measures to ensure a pothole-free ride.The Brihanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti, the umbrella body for Ganesh mandals in the city, has directed its members to use gunny bags and metal sheets on roads every time their trucks encounter potholes. \"We identified over 2,400 potholes across the city. The BMC has only attended to 60% of potholes on roads that will be used for Ganpati immersions. More than potholes, we are worried about uneven roads. If a truck loses its balance and the idols get damaged, it is an ill-omen. The technology used to fill potholes is not good, a single downpour can affect roads,\" said Naresh Dahibawkar, Samiti president. Dahibawkar said it had informed the BMC of around 150 potholes in Jogeshwari. \"The BMC had given an assurance that they will complete all work by September 15. But pothole work is still incomplete in this area. We have asked corporators of each ward to monitor pothole repairs,\" he said.However, Parag Kadam, president, Lalbaug Saravjanik Utsav Mandal Ganesh Galli, said the BMC had attended to 99% potholes in F(south) ward in Lalbaug.Dahibawkar also requested politicians to postpone the proposed Bharat Bandh on September 20. \"The bandh could pose a problem for the one-and-a-half day immersions,\" he said.According to the civic body's website, the data generated by Probity Software, BMC's pothole tracking software, BMC has attended to 21368 potholes and work is closed on 2059 potholes till September 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16442143", "title": "Continued medical education on neuro, spine surgery", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA) held its general body meeting and continued medical education (CME) on Sunday evening.Giving details, Dr Narjit Kaur, general secretary of the IMA Ludhiana, said in the first half of the function, general body meeting was held in which activity report and finance report of this year was read by her and Dr P S Jassal. She added that the total membership of IMA Ludhiana is 865 presently and new members made are 14. President IMA Ludhina Dr D P Singh Arora appealed to all doctors practicing in Ludhiana to become IMA members. In second part of function, CME on Neuro and Spine Surgery was held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16442664", "title": "Bravery award winner booked for insulting cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The father of a national bravery award winner who was booked for ranting against the Chandigarh police department on Facebook told TOI on Monday that the online posts of her daughter were due to anguish and were not meant to insult police personnel.Heena Bakshi, 22, a resident of Panchkula, had posted 'objectionable comments' against the police department on its Facebook page after it had failed to recover her stolen Tata Safari and was booked on Friday.Heena's father Col Pardeep Bakshi told TOI over a phone call from Ladakh that Chandigarh police misinterpreted the online posts of her daughter. The FIR has been registered under sections 66A and 67 of the Information Technology (IT), Act, 2000 and according to a senior police officer the case was registered after consulting the legal cell of the department.Heena had won the Geeta Chopra Bravery Award for nabbing burglars in Ambala in Haryana in 2001. Her SUV was stolen from Sector 18 in Chandigarh on August 10 and an FIR was registered on August 11. But when the police failed to recover her stolen vehicle, Heena posted the aforementioned comments on the Facebook page of Chandigarh traffic police on August 20.The police-public interactive page was created by the traffic police last year to spread awareness about traffic rules and it also invites people to post comments and pictures on traffic violations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442492", "title": "Clean river bed, green tribunal tells UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six months after it directed Delhi and UP governments to stop dumping solid waste on the Yamuna river bed, the National Green Tribunal on Monday issued fresh instructions to the UP irrigation department to immediately remove all the debris from the river bank.The order, issued by a bench of expert member Dr G K Pandey and acting chairperson Justice AS Naidu, has asked the irrigation department to \"remove all the debris lying in the banks of Yamuna, within their jurisdiction, irrespective of the fact as to who has dumped it, more so because presence of debris in the locality not only causes pollution but is also hazardous to river eco-system and flow of water\".The NGT order has given seven days to the ministry of environment and forest, Delhi government, DDA, DPCC, and Yamuna River Development Authority (YRDA) and the irrigation department to stop encroachment and dumping of solid waste on the riverbed.\"Dumping of debris has more or less stopped after the order, but authorities were not clearing the mess. In fact, UP irrigation department said that the debris has not been removed so far due to the monsoon,\" said Manoj Misra, the petitioner.The land in question, where tonnes of construction debris have been lying for the past several months, falls within the geographical boundary of Delhi but is owned by the UP irrigation department.\"We saw massive debris deposition along the Yamuna Pushta near Geeta Colony in the latter part of 2011. We wrote to the LG and YRDA to take action. The LG also wrote to agencies concerned and issued orders to DDA, PWD, irrigation and flood control and other civic agencies to ensure that no waste was dumped on the river bed but the agencies failed to react. Some measures to prevent trucks from entering the area were taken, but they were inadequate,\" said Misra.While DDA had said that it would not be able to clean the area since the land belonged to the UP irrigation department. The latter had said that it would wait for the UP elections to get over. Now, it is waiting for the monsoon to end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16442890", "title": "Pickpockets to target middle-aged this Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: Pickpockets in the city are set to become more active with the onset of festive season. And cops have sounded a warning bell for middle-aged people, on whom the criminals have set their eyes for some quick bucks. They are no more interested in the youngsters as prospective targets, according to cops.Officers of the detective department who keep vigil on the lifters have reasons to believe that the focus has shifted from youngsters to middle-aged people as the youths do not carry enough hard cash and rely more on plastic money.\"This type of criminals usually fixes their target on the basis of a person's attentiveness and his or her attire. But in recent times, lifters who were rounded up confessed that when they target youngsters nowadays, their operation hardly yields anything because they find little from their pocket except a bunch of credit and debit cards,\" a senior police officer said. Consequently, middle-aged people who carry plenty of cash for shopping just prior to the festivities have turned out to be soft targets for the lifters.The detective department officers confirmed that they get more than 20 victims on an average from across the city. Apart from these numbers, several more cases were registered at different police stations, said an officer.Pointing out some trends, cops said lifters who look for hard cash operate mainly in the first week of the month in central business district area where huge number of people employed in middle and small private companies get their salary in cash. The latest addition in the trend is the increase in number of women pickpockets who operate in crowded buses, markets and even on metros. They usually stand close to their target, apparently good-looking girls, divert the attention of the target and silently get off with the target's wallet or cell phone.But this doesn't mean youngsters have nothing to worry about when on roads. There are particular groups who target those carrying expensive gadgets. For these pickpockets, a youngster with an expensive cell phone or an iPad form a \"prize catch\".To put a check on the rising cases of lifting, cops have clearly advised the citizens to avoid talking over phone or listen to music on crowded buses and markets. \"Lifters always target such inattentiveness,\" said an officer, who also advised not to keep cash in trouser pockets.The officers of detective department who keep vigil on the lifters and pick pockets to prevent the crime in bustling roads, markets and crowded buses have reasons to believe that most the pocket lifters believe that youngsters are not prospective as a target because most of them carry little hard cash and use plastic money. \"Usually these type of criminals fix their target on the basis of the person's attentiveness and his or her attire,\" said an officer. But in recent times, the pick pockets who were rounded up reportedly confessed that they often mistake youngsters with their dress and other things. Often they target youngsters busy in speaking over phone or hearing music in cell phone. But after 'opertaion\" the criminals found little from their pocket except a bunch of different types of credit and debit cards.So the miscreants are now more eyeing the middle aged people who carry hard cash. The detective department officers confirmed that in an average they get more than 20 victims of lifting and pick pocket across the city. Apart from these numbers, several more cases were registered at different police stations, said an officer.Officers pointed out some interesting trends, like a group of lifters target gadgets like expensive cell phone, i-pad. For these miscreants youngsters are lucrative target. But criminals, who look for hard cash, mainly operate in the first week of the month in central business district area where huge number of people are employed in middle and small private companies and get their salary in cash. The latest addition in the trend is women pick pockets who used to operate in crowded buses, crowded markets and even in metro. They usually stand close to her target, apparently good looking girls, who divert the attention of the target and silently made off with target's wallet or cell phone. Cops have clear advice for the citizens that avoid talking over phone or don't get glued in listening music in crowded bus, markets. \" Lifters always target such inattentiveness,\" said an officer, who also advised to not keep cash in the hip pocket of the trousers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441876", "title": "Congress hopes to ride on reforms push to end negativity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is relieved that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's defiance of allies on FDI in multi-brand retail has changed the headlines, a respite from the incessant negative focus on scams and policy paralysis that it hopes will repair its battered credentials.The decision on foreign marts has angered Trinamool Congress but evidence points to UPA surviving the turmoil, a possibility that may only embolden the reformers to go hard at tough decisions.While there has been a surprise absence of usual murmurs against fuel hike and economic reforms in Congress, the party on Monday went a step ahead to aggressively claim that it would stay the course. \"Sometimes, we need a dentist's treatment, who sets right the problem by giving pain,\" AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury said.The upfront embracing of \"unpopular measures\", without the accompanying platitudes of concern for the common man, tied in with the way \"socialists\" kept quiet in the Cabinet meeting that cleared the retail decision. The buzz is that Congress brass has sent out a word that it is time for tough decisions and everyone has fallen in line.The success on reforms in turning the media and middleclass focus away from scams like Coalgate seems to be emboldening Congressmen. Few are talking about the threat to government because of Trinamool's revolt or of political costs in view of BJP-Left-SP's combined protests against fuel hike and retail FDI, projected as burden on \"common man and domestic retailers\".Party leaders argue that barring a major lapse, the Centre's aggressive focus on economy can turn the tide for the bruised and battered outfit. There is still concern that Supreme Court's notice to the Centre on allocation of coal blocks can resurrect Coalgate but Centre has pressed the inter-ministerial group for expeditious cancellation of disputed coal blocks, hoping it will preempt further political damage.While media headlines have changed focus, the bouquet of reform initiatives seems to be carefully planned to keep opinion-makers engaged. Just as it appeared that the Centre may have survived Banerjee's fury, the RBI on Monday cut the cash reserve ratio that many see as a precursor to cut in interest rates. It could further insert 'feel good' among the middleclass.\"We know what benefits will come to people through FDI. Your understanding of poverty is poor,\" AICC spokesperson Chowdhury said when asked if the retail measure would not affect poor street vendors and small businessmen.The renewed focus on economy seems to have removed the hyphenation between politics and reforms, at least presently, given that Congress has gone for unpopular measures ahead of elections in Himachal and Gujarat. With the Congress chief backing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, the season of reforms could last longer than the brief spell.Congress managers say the party is looking at setting right the economy in the long term, with 2014 as the focus, and may ignore the traditional caution over assembly contests. \"Ultimately, if there is a good economy and job scenario, voters will like us,\" a party manager said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16441918", "title": "\u2018Monsoon fevers\u2019 claim 36 lives in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The outbreak of a 'rare' fever in Alwar district that has claimed 22 lives in less than a month has put the health and medical department on alert.After a team of National Centre of Disease Control (NCDC) collected samples from the area on Friday, the department has now started distributing medicine to control the spread of the disease.Officials are conducting door-to-door survey and distributing 'doxycycline' tablets to patients suffering from fever, one of the early symptoms of scrub typhus. A rare zoonotic disease, it is caused by the bite of mites during monsoon.The long spell of heavy rainfall this year has led to spread of deadly diseases such as malaria, dengue across the state. Over 35 people have reportedly died due to various rain-related diseases so far.Sawai Man Singh hospital has recorded a 25% increase in patients' registration in a fortnight. Around 8-10 deaths have been reported in Jaipur due to viral pneumonia, said sources. In Dausa, six persons have died of an unknown fever. Fearing a swine flu outbreak, the department has started distributing tamiflu tablets in affected areas.Meanwhile, health minister A A Khan visited Bansur area in Alwar on Monday to inspect the health department's drive to control scrub typhus.Maximum cases of rare fever have been reported in Bansur.\"We are administering doxycycline to each person suffering from fever,\" said Dr K K Meena, chief medical health officer, Alwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16443970", "title": "One held on charge of killing sis-in-law", "text": "MANGALORE: Venoor police have arrested one person in connection with the unnatural death case of Savitha, 28, on September 7. She was the daughter of K Narayana Poojary of Urudelu in Andinje village of Belthangady taluk. Savitha's body was found in a well near Narayana's house. It was first suspected that she might have ended her life over some personal problems.Police initially had registered a case of unnatural death report (UDR) on a complaint from Savitha's mother Susheela. Later, based on a complaint from Narayana, police registered a case of murder. Narayana suspected that his son-in-law Umesh (his elder daughter Sharada's husband) who had an alleged illicit relationship with Savitha might have killed her. Umesh's reaction when Savitha's body was fished out of the well made Narayana suspicious of him.NG Bhaskar, Belthangady CPI who investigated the case on September 16, nabbed Umesh, 37, resident of Ragikumeru of Andinje village.Umesh reportedly told police that Savitha had expressed her desire to marry him before he wed Sharada. The two were in illicit relation after Umesh's marriage and he was under pressure from Savitha to leave Sharada and marry her.Superintendent of Police Abhishek Goyal told reporters here that an angry Umesh lured Savitha by calling her out of Narayana's house some time between 8.30pm on September 6 and 6am on September 7 over phone and pushed her into the well during this period. Police recovered jewellery that Umesh allegedly took off Savitha's person that weighed 56 grams and valued at Rs 1.50-lakh, Rs 30,000 in cash and a cell phone from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441851", "title": "Man held for duping", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who posed as the investigation officer of vigilance department of the high court and duped women on pretext of helping them sort out their property disputes has been arrested. He flashed a forged ID card, prepared fake papers and extorted lakhs from them.Rakshit Kumar Gautam, a resident of Uttam Nagar in west Delhi, sold PVC pipes for a year before getting into re-construction of buildings besides cheating people by assuring them that he will sort out all litigations pending in courts. He also worked as an account assistant before beginning to dupe people.The arrest came on a complaint filed by one Neelam Rani, a resident of Janakpuri, that Gautam after introducing himself as an investigation officer,vigilance, Delhi high court had taken a sum of Rs 1.8 lakh as court fee and another Rs 1.85 lakh as his own fees for settling a dispute regarding her property in Malviya Nagar.Later, he had also taken Rs 1.5 lakh as advance from another lady named Kusum Lata, who also complained to the police.A trap was laid on Saturday by police near Gautam's residence and was apprehended. \"During the course of investigation, he disclosed that he used to cheat innocent persons who cannot understand the documents prepared by him. He has a forged ID Card of Delhi high court and other documents,\" V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police, West district, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16443216", "title": "2 cops booked for custodial death in Hisar", "text": "HISAR: The police on Monday finally registered a case against three cops under whose custody a youth had died on September 16. Parveen Kumar, a 25-year-old taxi driver, who was picked up for questioning in an incident related to a runaway couple, had died in custody of Sadar police station on Sunday.He was found hanging in the washroom of the police station. Under fire from the public over the death, a magisterial probe was ordered, which recommended registration of murder case against five persons, including the station house officer, two assistant sub-inspectors and a woman member of the zila parishad. The case was registered on the statement of victim's brother Pradeep Kumar, a resident of Dariawal village of Jind district.Police was forced to register the case as relatives of the victim blocked the Hisar-Chandigarh road on Sunday night. According to the FIR, those named in the case include sub-inspector Sukhbir Singh, the SHO and ASI Vajir Singh, ASI Rameshwar, zila parishad member Beermati and Surjeet Singh, both resident of Talwandi Rana village of Jind. A case under sections 302 and 34 IPC is registered against them.No arrests were made till the filing of this report. As per the case details, a man namely Mukesh Saini, approached Praveen Kumar to hire his taxi to drop a couple in Piranwali. On Wednesday, deceased Praveen Kumar, picked the couple and dropped them at the said area. Later, the driver came to know that the couple had eloped to get married.On September 13, Beermati Devi and Surjeet Singh handed over Praveen to the Hisar sadar police as the police were tracing the couple. On Sunday evening his body was found hanging inside the bathroom and the doors was locked from inside.Satyavaan Singh, uncle of Praveen, alleged, \"On Sunday morning I went to the police station to give him food. That time he was fit and fine. But at 4 pm the sarpanch of village Dariyawali received a call that the condition of Praveen is not fine. When we reached the police station, we witnessed that his dead body was hanging in the bathroom.\"This is the third such incident of custodial death in Hisar district in the last one year.Pradeep Kumar, brother of deceased Praveen said, \"The dead body of Praveen was sent in PGIMS Rohtak, for postmortem. The JMIC Bharat Bhushan, took the record the statement of us. I want strict action against the accused of my brother.\"As the ruckus began, Nikhil Gajraj, the additional deputy commissioner (ADC), Hisar SDM Garima Mittle and other officials rushed to the spot.\"We have already registered a murder case against those named by complainant in the statement. We are investigating into the case and strict action will be taken against accused as once autopsy reports will come,\" said Superintendent of Police Satish Balan.On 13 February 2011, Subhash Saini, found hanging in the city police station in Hansi, sub-division of Hisar. On 2011, Manjeet Kumar of Narnound, found death in the Narnound police station. While one more custodial death was reported in the year 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441332", "title": "4 held for forging land document", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch (CCB) sleuths on Monday arrested four people, including two Tamil Nadu Housing Board employees, on charges of selling a plot of land at Ayanampakkam near Ambattur, using forged document.The accused \u2014 V Joseph alias Ayyavu, 36, of J J Nagar; A D Selvam, 42, of Ayanampakkam; Ashokan, 53, of Kolathur; and E Krishnan, 55, of Mogappair East \u2014 took 30 lakh from B Mahaveer, a businessman from Anna Nagar, for the plot.In 2009, real estate brokers Selvam and Joseph approached Mahaveer to sell the plot at Ayanampakkam. Ashokan, a junior assistant at the TNHB, had told the brokers that payment for the land allotted to one Varadharajan was due, so he could arrange a sale deed and sell it to Mahaveer.\"The brokers presented a conman as the owner of the plot during official work. They also connived with Krishnan, a record clerk, and readied an allotment letter to claim the land,\" said investigating officer Mary Raju. When the original owner came claim the land, the TNHB employees gave him an original sale deed. The forgery came to light when Mahaveer went to register the land in his wife's name. Mahaveer lodged a complaint after the four failed to refund the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16443834", "title": "Smoother ride, happier city", "text": "Thanks to a recent court order, a hassle-free Delhi-Gurgaon ride is now possible on the expressway. Company chiefs are smiling, so are hoteliers, builders and over two lakh daily commuters. Their collective cheer translates to a better image and brand value for GurgaonGURGAON: With the exception of Delhi, the only city that is reputed to have a future as a financial and corporate centre in the North is Gurgaon. Which is why the city is already home to over 300 Fortune 500 companies and a magnet for property investors.Gurgaon's image as a city of the future is staked more on its potential than on its performance. That image, which has taken a beating with mounting infrastructural problems and poor accessibility despite the expressway, has got a fresh sheen with the windfall removal of barriers at the 32-lane toll plaza as per the order of Punjab and Haryana high court last fortnight.According to Yogesh Kochhar, director of strategic engagement at Microsoft, the traffic flow these days is a breeze. Kochhar, who has an office in Cyber City, said that he usually conducts most of his meetings in Delhi. \"It's suicidal to invite your business clients to Gurgaon. It's an ordeal for them, and for us. But the last few tollfree days give us a glimpse of what it could be to commute to the city. Certainly it doesn't have to be a nightmare. The sight of cars whizzing past the gates has been exhilarating.\" One of the dreams associated with Gurgaon is that it wears the air of a modern urban centre, thanks to blocks after blocks of state-of-the-art corporate buildings. A visitor who looks up may see a skyline that one normally associates more with Manhattan than, say, Manesar.Architecturally then, Gurgaon is an international city. But, as Raman Roy, chairman and managing director, Quattro BPO Solutions, says, what's the point of great looking buildings housing your offices if you can't reach there on time? \"If the toll plaza mess is resolved and the passage through the gates becomes smooth, it will help Gurgaon's image to a great extent. Right now it's a bit of a dream.\"Cyber City and Udyog Vihar are the two prime commercial quarters of the city whose USP initially was their proximity to Delhi and the international airport. But that proximity has been deceptive as people with offices and industries in these parts are the ones who have been hit the hardest owing to the toll plaza mess.Despite the fact that the airport is just 20 minutes away, Gurgaon does not see a proportionate number of corporate clients for obvious reasons. According to one of the directors of a five-star hotel next to the toll plaza, the occupancy of all hotels in the city will rocket if the toll plaza is better managed. \"We pick up our clients from the airport in the best luxury cars, but once they hit the road they feel like sitting ducks, and think twice about coming to this side next time around. But these days with the boom barriers missing, I see a lot of smiling people in my lobby. Good for business, good for them.\"The managing director of Rapid Metro Rail Gurgaon, Sanjiv Rai, agrees with the hotelier. \"Why would any businessman want to idle away his life at chokepoints? For Gurgaon's own future the traffic-related problems must be taken care of on a war footing.\"More than 5 lakh employees who work in the city's IT and ITeS companies too no longer worry about reaching office late. One of the great variables in their daily schedule is the toll plaza battle they wage. It's not just business chiefs and their staff who are a happy lot at the disappearance of the barriers at the plaza. The builders are keeping their fingers crossed that the toll points remain hassle-free. They see property appreciating and creating wealth all around once the accessibility problem is cracked. Said Navin Raheja, chairman and managing director, Raheja Developers, \"The past few days, the connectivity has become much smoother. Investments in projects close to NH-8 can become more attractive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16443411", "title": "Saeed Mirza making serial on Bhopal gas tragedy", "text": "BHOPAL: Saeed Mirza, the man known for directing TV serial \"Nukkad\" and movie \"Albert Pinto ko Gussa Kyon Aata Hai,\" is in the city in connection with the shoot of a serial based on the Bhopal gas tragedy. He is producing the 26-episode serial--Yeh Hai India Meri Jaan--for the Doordarshan.\"Log kahenge kee ye ghisi pitee story hai,\" he told TOI, \"Bahut sari kahani hai Bhopal mein.\" \"Almost 28 years have passed and people tend to forget. They will forget Bhopal ka hadsa too,\" he rued.\"People died, the tragedy was talked about the world over and now they have started forgetting it. Most dangerous thing is to forget and not to learn any lessons.\"\"With the help of aam aadmi and a photographer of Bhopal, who had seen the unfolding of the tragedy, I will narrate my story,\" he said. The story would be retold. There are extraordinary stories, the famous filmmaker said.\"These are personal accounts and we want to forget the disaster without learning a lesson.\" However, he said, there are hopes too. A large number of gas victims are looking at future with hope. \"This would be reflected in the serial based on Bhopal.\"A major part of the shooting around the abandoned Union Carbide Plant is over, he said.Once this part over, he would proceed to Mandu where he would have one episode based on love.Mirza has been travelling across the country for the shoot of the serial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442504", "title": "Now, Ruia College to seek autonomy", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramnarain Ruia College, known for the quality education it offers to science aspirants, will be applying to the University of Mumbai for academic autonomy this year. Its confidence is up after the National Assessment and Accreditation Council accorded it the A Grade. The college earned a CGPA of 3.65 out of 4, which is the highest in Maharashtra.The college went through its third cycle of assessment this time. Moreover, it has been ranked first even at the national level, from among 62 colleges and universities reviewed by the NAAC Executive Committee in their recent meeting.\"This has boosted our confidence and we are going to apply for autonomy this time. I feel we, my staff and the college team, have it in us to raise the academic standards,\" said principal Suhas Pednekar.But this isn't the first time that Ramnarain Ruia in Matunga is planning to apply for autonomy. Along with St Xavier's in 2007, Ruia was accorded autonomy, but it refused to implement it. Then, the college had requested the University of Mumbai to alter its rules regarding the statutory composition of the governing council of autonomous colleges.The management wanted the contentious Clause 612 of the University of Mumbai Act to be altered. Clause 612 prescribes that an autonomous institution must be governed by the 11-member board, with five members from the college management and six from various state and central government agencies and teachers. The UGC has, for the past few years, been asking all colleges in the country to become autonomous to improve education standards.Once Ruia is granted autonomy, it will join the ranks of elite institutions such as Presidency College and St Xavier's College in Kolkata, Loyola College in Chennai, and Christ College, Bangalore. St Xavier's became the first autonomous college under Mumbai University, followed by Sardar Patel College of Engineering and Somaiya College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442624", "title": "Lenders try to end e-way deadlock", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and concessionaire DGSCL informed the Delhi high court on Monday about the lack of progress in working out an agreement for smooth operations at Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway. Meanwhile, there were reports that the concessionaire (DGSCL) may be substituted.Sources said the lenders and DGSCL reached an understanding late on Monday night. This would mean the concessionaire will be out of the project once the proposal gets a nod from NHAI. The entry of a fresh contractor might infuse some hope of efficient management of the expressway.Earlier in the day, with NHAI and DGSCL unable to arrive at a joint settlement, Justice S Muralidhar posted the matter for Tuesday, giving the concessionaire a day's time to tell if it is willing to abide by the conditions laid down by NHAI in the draft MoU. HC said it will hear the arguments on Tuesday if both parties stick to their position.Sources said the lenders led by IDFC have sent a letter of consent to NHAI as far as the draft conditions are concerned. One of the key conditions which the contractor has been opposing is the explicit right of NHAI to terminate the contract due to political reasons. NHAI sources said this stand by the contractor has come as a surprise as this condition is there in the existing concession agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443152", "title": "Author talks of Mother's miracle", "text": "KOLKATA: The real miracle in Mother Teresa's life was not her touch that magically healed Monica Besra's abdominal tumor in the 1990s but Vatican's acceptance of her plea to leave the convent without quitting the order, Mother's biographer Naveen Chawla told TOI on Monday evening.\"That the Church gave its assent is nothing short of a miracle, for it had never allowed a nun to leave the convent without excommunicating her from the order. Mother Teresa's wish was even more audacious. She wanted to work alone in a city that was then unsafe as the country had just been born and was in the midst of chaos. Had Vatican turned down her request like bishops in Kolkata, the Missionaries of Charity might have been nipped in the bud,\" said Chawla. He was in the city to speak on Mother Teresa at the St Xavier's College auditorium.In 1948, just a year after Independence, the city's streets were dangerous. There were thousands of desperate people who had lost property and family during migration from East Pakistan (now Bangladesh). The city was yet to recuperate from the deadly famine of 1943-44 in which over a million died of starvation, malnutrition and disease.\"There was a streak of obstinacy about Mother. If she thought she would do something, she wouldn't give up without trying very hard. In most instances, she succeeded. In some that she did not, she would finally resign to fate, accepting it as God's will,\" said the former chief election commissioner, who first came in touch with the amazing nun at a function in Delhi in 1975.Chawla also believes that the success of Missionaries of Charity, which Mother set up in 1950, had much to do with it starting in Kolkata. \"Kolkata is a very compassionate city. People responded to Mother's goodness and wanted to help her. In no time, she had people rallying around,\" he said.Describing Mother Teresa as the conscience-keeper of the world, Chawla recounted an incident at Nirmal Hriday in Kalighat several years ago. A very rich Indian had come down from Nigeria to donate a large sum of money to the mission. Mother was then tending to a leper's wound, tenderly cleaning the sores. After she finished and turned to the woman, the latter told her: \"I couldn't do it for all the money.\" In reply, Mother looked at her affectionately and replied: \"Neither could I. We do it for love and for Him.\"\"For all the 23 years I knew Mother Teresa, I never saw her frown. She would tell me you can't serve the Lord with a long face. To her, the inmates were the Destitute Christ, the Ailing Christ, the Dying Christ,\" he said.Spread across 123 countries and more missions that Mother Teresa could remember, the former bureaucrat termed the Missionaries of Charity the largest management exercise in the NGO sector, surpassed only by the Election Commission that conducts the elections in the country's largest democracy.\"She is an incredible management model that rests on the principles of conviction and compassion. She greatly influenced me and my functioning as the chief election commissioner. When we went for an election, it involved 3 million electoral staff and 8 million security personnel. Though it is a tough job with immense stress, I tried to be compassionate when dealing with everyone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16444112", "title": "Court to hear Grover dad\u2019s plea for Maria, Jerome\u2019s longer jail term", "text": "MUMBAI: There might be more trouble for Kannada actor Maria Susairaj and her naval officer boyfriend Emile Jerome, who were convicted for the gruesome murder of the TV executive Neeraj Grover in May 2008. The Bombay high court on Monday converted into an appeal, a letter by Grover's father, seeking increase in the sentence given to the duo by the trial court.The sessions court had last year acquitted both Jerome and Susairaj of the murder charge but had sentenced Jerome to ten years' rigorous imprisonment for culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Susairaj was convicted only of a lesser charge of destruction of evidence and sentenced to three years in jail. As she had already spent that time in custody as an undertrial prisoner, she was released from jail after the verdict.According to the prosecution, the murder was pre-meditated , as Susairaj felt cheated by Grover who failed to get her a role in television serial and that Jerome had come to the city as planned by both of them. The HC had at an earlier hearing remarked that there was enough circumstantial evidence and that the trial court had gone on a wrong footing in the beginning itself by strongly relying on the retracted confession of coaccused Maria Susairaj.The state had moved the HC last year to enhance the punishment and to secure a conviction for murder as well against the two. The letter now written by Neeraj's father Amarnath Grover also said the 10 year sentence was inadequate for the horrifying crime. A division bench of justices A S Oka and S S Jadhav converted Grover's letter into an appeal against the lower court order. The law allows a victim's family to also appeal. The court is also hearing appeals filed by Susairaj and Jerome against their convictions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443881", "title": "Geared in green for 'Haritalika Teej'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Applying mehndi on their hands, buying items varying from sarees and bangles to cosmetic items, women of the Sangam city got together to prepare for celebration of the Haritalika Teej festival on September 18 (Tuesday).The festival falls on 'Shukla paksh' of the month of Shravan and is mainly a celebration of greenery. Women dress up in green attires and accessories like bangles and apply 'mehndi' to celebrate the festival.Women form small groups in localities and sing traditional songs to celebrate the festival with merry-making. It is also called the 'swing festival', where decorated swings are hung from trees for women dressed in their best attires.On the eve of the festival, a heavy rush was witnessed at jewellery and cosmetic shops. A large number of women wanted to buy bangles. Shops and beauty parlours also witnessed a rush, as also shops selling sarees in various markets, including Chowk, Katra and Civil Lines.A woman getting 'mehndi' applied on hands at Civil Lines market commented on the significance of 'Hartalika Teej', saying \"It is believed unmarried women who observe fast on this day and pray to Goddess Parvati are blessed with a husband like Lord Shiva and enjoy a happily married life. The fast, however. is observed by both unmarried and married women.\"Anjana, who have also prepared herself to observe fast, said \"It is believed that on this day, Goddess Parvati also known as Teejmata celebrated her union with Lord Shiva, swinging in the pleasant season of rains. The festival is dedicated to the daughters of the house. Married women keep fast on the day while unmarried girls seek blessings from the deity for a good husband.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442726", "title": "3 tiger foundations seek to spend Rs 1.21 cr", "text": "NAGPUR: The Tiger Conservation Foundation (TCF) at Melghat, Tadoba-Andhari and Pench tiger reserves have sought approval to spend Rs 1.21 crore from the foundation money in the current year.A meeting of the governing body headed by forest minister Patangrao Kadam and senior forest officials will be held at Mumbai on Tuesday to clear and discuss the budget proposals. The foundation money is part of donations and gate receipts through tourism.The highest allocation of Rs 80 lakh has been sought by Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), followed by Rs 25 lakh by Melghat and Rs 16 lakh by Pench.\"Last year, we sought allocation for Rs 40 lakh. This time, we want more allocation looking at the focus on habitat management, eco-development, staff welfare and research work,\" said Virendra Tiwari, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of TATR.Melghat tiger reserve plans to propagate organic farming in villages in the core of the reserve. Of the 29 villages in the core, nine have been relocated. In the first phase, at least five of the remaining 20 villages will be considered for the organic farming.KP Singh, CCF and field director of Melghat, said, \"We will promote organic farming in villages inside the core of tiger reserve. Excessive use of pesticides and fertilizers takes a toll on wild animals and birds. We will help villagers produce farmyard manure and vermicompost to save wildlife.\"Pench CCF and field director MS Reddy said the Pench foundation has Rs 24 lakh but it proposes to spend Rs 16 lakh to achieve their goal of facilitating ecological, economic, social and cultural development of the tiger reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441849", "title": "Witness nails Chandolia for favouring Unitech to bag 2G licences", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former telecom minister A Raja's then private secretary R K Chandolia had given instructions to the department of telecom (DoT) to stop receiving applications for grant of 2G spectrum licences after Unitech Group submits it, a key prosecution witness told a Delhi Court on Monday.Unitech Ltd MD Sanjay Chandra and Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Ltd and Chandolia are facing trial for their alleged role in the 2G scam .A K Srivastava, a former deputy director general of DoT, said he had opposed the proposal made by Chandolia on September 24, 2007, about not receiving applications for the Unified Access Service Licences (UASL) after Unitech Group submits it.Srivastava stated this before Special CBI Judge O P Saini when he was cross-examined by Chandolia's counsel Vijay Aggarwal, who asked, \"I put it to you that when R K Chandolia allegedly told you to stop receipt of UASL applications, you opposed the idea saying that it is unfair?\"Srivastava replied, \"That is correct, but I was asked by R K Chandolia to do so. It is wrong to suggest that I am repeatedly shifting my position.\" He said that he had not told the CBI about this till March 15, 2011, as there was \"no discussion\" on this point till then.Srivastava's testimony assumes significance as the CBI, in its charge sheet, had said that in pursuance of a conspiracy to favour telecom firms \u2014 Unitech Wireless (Tamil Nadu) Ltd and Swan Telecom \u2014 Raja had decided to accept applications filed with DoT till September 25, 2007.Srivastava denied that he is \"deposing falsely\" in the court to implicate Chandolia as he was under the agency's pressure to testify against the accused due to a \"likely\" disproportionate assets case against him.Srivastava, whose cross-examination will continue on Tuesday, said that Chandolia had asked him to initiate a note on September 24, 2007, in order to fix a cut-off date for receipt of further UASL applications in the DoT and not for processing of applications. On being asked as to why he had not informed the telecom secretary if he was told to put up a note in violation of the norms and rules of the DoT, Srivastava said, \"On the date the note was put up, I was under much pressure and was also told by Chandolia not to mention his name.\"\"I had no opportunity or occasion to think about writing to the secretary as I was under threat of the implications of writing to the secretary,\" he replied. He also denied that he had informed DoT staff on January 9, 2008 that letter of intents (LoIs) would be issued to the eligible applicants on the next day and for that purpose, four counters would be set up.He said that then telecom secretary Sidharath Behura, also an accused in the 2G case, had approved the modalities of distribution of LoIs through four counters.Raja and Chandolia, along with others, are facing trial in the 2G case for various offences like cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and faking documents under the IPC and for the offences punishable under the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16443621", "title": "FDI in retail is to boost PM's image, alleges Uma", "text": "INDORE: Firebrand senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Uma Bharti on Monday said the decision to allow foreign direct investment (FDI) is to boost the sagging international image of Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh . She was talking to reporters on her way to Delhi from Omkareshwar via Indore at the railway station, here.\"If the Prime Minister was so much worried about erosion of his image at the international level, he should have stepped down,\" she said adding that there was no need to 'pledge' the country by way of allowing FDI at the cost of crores of Indians. The UPA government has committed a sin by allowing the FDI in retail and others sectors, she reiterated.Extending her support to the September 20 'Bharat Bandh,' the senior BJP leader condemned, what she said, an insensitive move of the Union government. \"The government seems to be ignoring the needs of the people,\" she said. About the stand by other UPA allies on the issue, Uma Bharti said that parties like TMC, SP and BSP who have been supporting the UPA government have come to power on votes of the poor people. \"If they are really concerned with the price rise and FDI issue, then they should walk out of the alliance.On the coalgate, the senior BJP leader said that she supported the CAG and accused the Congress Party leaders of being involved in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "panchkula/chandigarh", "code": "16442625", "title": "Cracks in walls trigger panic in Panchkula village", "text": "PANCHKULA/CHANDIGARH: Tara Chand, 55, who has a three-generation-old connection with Chandi Kotla, a hilly village near Chandimandir, Panchkula, is now worried about relocating 12 members of his family to some other place. Five days of heavy rainfall, house floors caving in and walls developing cracks \u2014 reminding one of cracks found in fields of the village due to the activity of Himalayan frontal fault lines \u2014 has raised alarm. (Fault lines are cracks that develop on earth crust because of tectonic plates' movement.)The village has become an epicenter of activity, with presence of geologists, seismologists and local administrative officials since the last five days. About 44 other families like those of Chand's have been dislocated due to this geological activity.\"We have no where to go. How long can someone live in tents\" rued Chand. Five tents were arranged on Monday as a temporary relief exercise, but it has done little to lessen the panic in the village.While the Panchkula administration officials are busy vacating the area, shifting families to a nearby government school and a shelter home, local people are a terrified lot. \"The cracks in the ground have reached homes and are as long as 200 meters,\" said Gurtek Singh Gill, a Panjab University geologist and former chairperson of PU department of geology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "16442631", "title": "Unrest in Faridabad over demolition drive", "text": "FARIDABAD: Sporadic clashes between police and protesters following an anti-encroachment drive hit life in several pockets of the city on Monday and threw traffic on the busy Delhi-Agra highway out of gear for a few hours. At least half a dozen people were reported injured in the stone pelting and the resultant police lathi-charge, but the administration refused to put a figure to the number of injured.The protests erupted after the Municipal Corporation of Faridabad tried to remove more than 100 illegal shops and encroachments in NIT towns 1 and 5 of Faridabad following a Punjab and Haryana High Court order to remove them by September 20. The Delhi-Agra highway also bore the brunt of the protests as a three-hour road block from 12 noon paralysed the busy Neelam Chowk.Senior officials said there were sporadic clashes between police and locals all through the day. The rioters reportedly tried to damage government vehicles and even pelted stones on buses.Police said the drive to clear the area began around 6am near the Bata Flyover. Faced with stiff resistance from the encroachers, the joint team of police and corporation officials beat a hasty retreat to NIT Market 1. \"We had almost finished demolishing the frontal portions of the illegal structures over a 1km stretch when the mob tried to encircle us. However, we managed to break out and reach NIT Market 5 around 9.45am,'' said an officer.Sources said locals, supported by hundreds of traders, then attacked policemen and damaged the vehicle of the NIT SHO. \"Police lathi-charged us without much provocation. They entered several houses, pulled out people and beat them up,'' said a witness, alleging the stone-pelting started after the police lathi-charge.Although the morning mob dispersed, it converged around 12 noon and blocked Neelam Chowk, demanding an explanation for the lathi-charge and action against officers responsible for the order. Traffic on the highway had to be diverted due to the jam at the Chowk.The crowd was pacified after senior police and corporation officers promised quick action on its demands. Till reports last came in, no case had been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442154", "title": "Split wide open: IAC's survey contradicts Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fireworks can be expected from a crucial meeting to be held on Wednesday after Arvind Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption (IAC) said that 76% of people surveyed were in favour of the activists forming a political party. This comes even as social crusader Anna Hazare has opposed forming a political party and also distanced himself from IAC.The results were published a day after Hazare, who will be reaching here on Tuesday for talks with activists on taking forward the movement, gave yet another sign of distancing himself from the group's political foray by asking those planning to join him to contact him in his ancestral village of Ralegan Siddhi.According to the IAC, 561,701 out of 737,041 people or 76% of those surveyed were in favour of forming the party. The naysayers were 175,340, or 24%.The survey results contradict Hazare's views, which he expressed in a video post, that he feels that a large number of people are against forming a political party.In the video, Hazare told a group of activists opposing formation of a party that \"some people are saying that a party should be formed but a large number are saying that it is not right to form a party or contest elections\".The 74-year-old activist, in a blog post on Sunday, also said politics will not deliver a better future for people and asked those planning to join his anti-corruption movement could contact him in Ralegan Siddhi.Commenting on the survey results, Kejriwal said in a statement that they will put before Hazare the survey results during a meeting on September 19. \"Hazare had told us that he will take a decision on the next course of action after getting the views of public on the issue. We will inform him about people's views. The meeting will decide on the method of the political alternative,\" he said.Hazare is also likely to meet volunteers, who are opposed to forming a political party, on Tuesday evening.Times ViewIf Anna Hazare is indeed reluctant to turn his anti-corruption movement into a political party, his instincts are right. As a powerful voice from within civil society, Team Anna played an important role in highlighting the issue of corruption and in ensuring some progress towards India getting a Lokpal bill. Its ability to play that role is not independent of the fact that it was avowedly outside the arena of party politics. On the contrary, that was an important part of its appeal for most people drawn to the movement it launched. The chances that this will be lost the moment Team Anna joins the political mainstream and hence becomes one of several choices before the electorate are high indeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441784", "title": "Pune Festival ready to enthrall with music, dance, drama and sports", "text": "PUNE: The 24th edition of the Pune Festival will kick off amidst much fanfare on September 21, with a bouquet of music, dance, drama and sports events in the offing. The fest this year has been dedicated to late Yashwantrao Chavan, the architect of modern Maharashtra, on the occasion of his birth centenary year.The inauguration ceremony will be held on September 21 at the Ganesh Kala Krida Rangmanch, 4.30 pm onwards. Public Works Department (PWD) and state minister for tourism Chhagan Bhujbal and chairman, MTDC, Jagdish Patil will be the chief guests, while deputy leader of the BJP in the Loksabha, Gopinath Munde , will preside over the function.The inauguration ceremony will also have prominent guests such as minister for forests Patangrao Kadam, minister for revenue Balasaheb Thorat, minister for cooperation Harshavardhan Patil, and minister for EGS Nitin Raut, among others. Filmmaker Subhash Ghai , actors Randhir Kapoor, Shekhar Suman , Rajiv Kapoor, Hema Malini and Parineeti Chopra , will also be present at the inaugural function.The fest, jointly organized by MTDC, the department of tourism and the Pune Festival committee, will be conducted at various venues such as Ganesh Kala Krida Randmanch, Balgandharva Rangmandir, Yashwantrao Chavan Natyagraha and Art Gallery, Pune Golf Club course, Mahesh Vidyalaya, Kothrud and General Vaidya Stadium, among others.The installation of the Pune Festival Ganpati idol will take place at 10.30 am on September 19 at Hotel Saras, Nehru Stadium, at the hands of silver medalist in shooting at the London Olympics Vijay Kumar, and actor Tejaswini Lonari.This year the Pune Festival Award will be conferred upon author and playwright Satish Alekar, shooters Vijay Kumar and Gagan Narang, who was also the bronze medalist at the London 2012 Olympic Games, among others.The inaugural ceremony has to its credit highlights such as the Ganesh Sthapana and 'aarti', a film on Late Yeshwantrao Chavan on the occasion of his birth centenary year, presentation of a 97-year-old original voice clipping of Lokmanya Tilak, 'Ganesh Vandana' by Hema Malini and her daughters, Esha and Ahana, as well as 'Jai Ganesh' - a dance conceptualized by Dhananjay Bahulekar and choreographed by Santosh Sankhad on Hindi and Marathi songs.The inaugural function will also have a special cultural presentation of traditional 'Bihu dance ' by northeast students studying in Pune, felicitation of Ganesh Seva Mandal in Raviwar Peth for completion of 100 years, topped with the grand finale of 'lavani and mujra fusion', choreographed by Nikita Moghe and presented by Varsha Usgaonkar, Urmila Kanetkar, Bhargavi Chirmule and Tejaswini Lonari.Malini and her troupe will present the ballet, 'Mahalaxmi' on September 22. This will be followed by 'Musical Nite' by Ashok Mastie on September 23. A musical fusion programme by Niladri Kumar (sitar), Toufiq Qureshi (percussion) and Vijay Ghate (tabla) will be presented on September 24.One of the most popular programmes of the Pune Festival, Hindi Hasya Kavi Sammelan, will be held on September 25 and will present renowned poets such as Surinder Sharma, Rajendra Malviya, Ghansham Agarwal, and Sanjay Lodha from the popular comedy soap, 'Taarak Mehta ka Ulta Chashma'.Sufi Sangeet by the renowned Warsi Brothers, Haji Mukram Ali Warsi and his group will be held on September 26. A host of Marathi programmes have also been planned. The Marathi play, 'Satyashodhak', based on the life of Mahatma Jyotiba Phule, will be held on September 22 at the Bal Gandharva Rangmandir and will be presented by the staff of the Pune Municipal Corporation.'Ugawate Tare', the talent search contest for children will be held on the same day. 'Kelalotsavam', presented by Pune Malayali Association, featuring the dance, music and culture of Kerala will be held on September 23 at Bal Gandharva Rangmandir.\"The Indian film industry has lost many stalwarts this year -actors Dev Anand , Shammi Kapoor , Rajesh Khanna , Joy Mukherji, and ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh. 'Tribute to Legends', a programme dedicated to the memory of these great artists presented by Jitendra Bhuruk and group will be conducted on September 25,\" said Krishnakant Kudale, the chief coordinator of the festival.Hasyadaan Foundation will present 'Hasyotsav Ekpatricha' on September 27, featuring Nitin Kulkarni, child artiste Pratik Joshi, Dilip Halyal, Mrudula Moghe, Jaffar Momin and compered by Makarand Tilloo. 'Marathi Hasya Kavi Sammelan will be held on September 28. Well-known poets such as Ramdas Phutane, P M Shinde, Ashok Nandgaokar and Suresh Shinde will be participating.The Pune Festival Golf Cup will be held at the Poona Golf Club Course, Yerwada, on September 22, while the Inter State Ice Skating Championship will be held for the first time in Pune on September 22 and 23, on a 50X40 ft ice skating rink at Manoranjan Nagari, Kalyaninagar. More than 100 national level ice skaters will take part.The very popular Vintage Car Rally will be flagged off from Hotel Le-Meridian at 10.30 am on September 23. A cycle rally, spreading awareness on the environment, will take place on September 23.The rally will be flagged off from Bal Gandharva Rangmandir and will reach Nehru Stadium via Tilak Road and Swargate. The Pune City Boxing Association has organized the West Zone Boxing Tournament at the General Vaidya Stadium on September 24 and 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "gorakhpur/kushinagar", "code": "16442317", "title": "Inept facilities sharpen Japanese encephalitis fangs", "text": "GORAKHPUR/KUSHINAGAR: The community health center (CHC) in Campierganj block of Gorakhpur served no good to Ramadheen when his five years old son Golu fainted following a seizure. Educated up to class VIII, Ramadheen from Baghai Bari village knows what fainting with seizure means particularly when the child is down with fever. \"I rushed to a private nursing home which referred my son to the medical college,\" said the man. After battling with acute encephalitis syndrome for 31 days, the little one died. Doctors at the BRD medical college, that treats most of the encephalitis cases, regret that most patients reach the centre when it is late. TOI went to the encephalitis-affected areas and found the primary and community health centres and the district hospital bereft of even the basic facilities.Missing primary link: Commissioner, Gorakhpur has directed health department to conduct a death audit of all children who die of AES. A health team went to the village and after interviewing a few locals, blamed the deaths on use of shallow hand pump and defecation in the open. They missed surveying the state of affairs at the Campierganj CHC.On visiting the place TOI saw the health facility had a two-bedded encephalitis unit combined with a corner for newborn care. Dirty linen and filthy floors made even the team of doctors cover their noses. There were cobwebs in every corners of the ward. There was a small oxygen cylinder but no mask to use it. A rusty incubator kept in a corner, a class IV employee said, was defunct. Adjacent to the 'ward' was a labour room which showed no sign of sanitisation and 'sterlisation. Kept on a dust-laden medicine tray inside Sukhaniya primary health centre's emergency were a needle and thread that seemed like an invitation to tetanus. This PHC in Kushinagar had a shallow hand pump.Passing the buck: Community health centre Kasia in Kushinagar is an FRU (first referral unit). Ideally, an FRU should provide 24-hour delivery services including normal and assisted deliveries and emergency obstetric care, including caesarean sections and other medical interventions. It needs to be equipped to provide emergency care to sick children as well. But with just one gynecologist and three nurses, round the clock services are a distant dream. A physician with a diploma course is the only hope for children but in last one year, the centre has not admitted a single patient of encephalitis, though it has referred 66 suspected patients to the district hospital. Being close to tourist hub Kushinagar, however, power cuts aren't as rampant in this part of the district. A doctor said power cuts don't last for more than two hours during working hours, besides the scheduled power cut of around four hours. This affects essential laboratory and pathological services and facilities like X-ray.Equipment of no use: About eight kilometers from the Kasia FRU is the new primary health centre Sapaha. The doctors including an ayurved graduate posted at the PHC have not seen even a suspected case of encephalitis. \"No one even talks about it,\" claimed Dr Ramesh Chandra . But residents in the area easily enumerate those who took ill due to the 'nauki bimari', the colloquial for the lethal disease. Appliance meant to sterlise disposables was never used and hand bills on encephalitis awareness were torn into bits to pack medicines. The DOTS centre at Sukhaniya primary health centre in Kushinagar has been equipped with an electron microscope but the technician was rarely able to use it. Had it not been for the old microscope, the man would have failed to detect the presence of bacilli causing tuberculosis , all because of the unannounced power trips in the area.Hospital hub of infection: The district hospital Kushinagar has an imposing infrastructure, but there is an absolute lack of hygiene. Poor disposal of biomedical waste poses a permanent risk to hospital-borne infection. The unfortunate part was that all waste was being dumped right next to the recently inaugurated intensive critical care unit meant for children suffering from encephalitis. The hospital cannot attend too many patients due to shortage of doctors, nurses and paramedics. Against 21 sanctioned posts for doctors, only 15 were working. Similarly 58 per cent posts in the category of nurses were lying vacant. Drains of the hospital are choked and pigs loiter freely on the campus. Shops in the vicinity of the hospital use shallow hand pumps. When all this was brought to his notice, district magistrate Rizgen Sampheal directed the authorities to set things right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16441828", "title": "10 restaurants fined Rs 15,000 for dumping waste illegally", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaugwada ward office of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has fined 10 local restaurants Rs 15,000 for dumping wet garbage and waste food in civic garbage bins instead of giving it to the PMC's waste collec-tion vehicle.In a press release, the ward office said it had received complaints from local citizens that restaurants in the locality were regularly dumping wet garbage and food waste in public garbage bins. This created a nuisance since stray animals rummaged the garbage bins and spread waste on roads. Following the complaints, the ward office employees laid a trap and caught hotel employees red-handed while dumping the waste in bins.The restaurants were fined in the range of Rs 200 to Rs 5,000, with the ward office together collecting Rs 15,000. The PMC ward office has warned the restaurant owners of stringent action if they continue to dump waste in public garbage bins.\"The ward office has arranged for a special vehicle to collect hotel waste and restaurant owners should make use of this facility to avoid action,\" the press release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16441261", "title": "\u2018Minorities yet to gain from welfare schemes\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Prime Minister's 15-point programme for the welfare of minorities has not been implemented effectively so far in the state, opined speakers at a meeting held on Monday to discuss a nation-wide study that would be launched soon to determine the condition of minorities in the country.The study that is expected to be carried out in the third week of October throughout the country will focus on Guntur, Hyderabad and Kurnool in the state. Action Aid India, an arm of Action Aid International, will be carrying out the study. The objective is to find out if there has been any improvement in the status of minorities, Muslims in particular, since 2006. The 15-point Prime Minister's programme that was announced in 2006, following the Sachar Committee report, focuses on enhancing educational opportunities, creating equitable share in employment, improving living conditions, and prevention cum control of communal riots.The study by Action Aid will involve a sample of 200 people from each district, with 100 each from urban and rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442569", "title": "Despite delay dampener, hope for clues", "text": "MUMBAI: The lackadaisical attitude of the police and red tape that delayed the exhumation of the remains of Rameez Chougle in the twin mystery death case may have cost crucial evidence. Forensic experts are unanimous that if the exercise fails to throw up concrete pointers to the cause of death, the delay is solely to be blamed.A forensic expert close to the investigation blamed the police for sitting on the case when an expert committee had strongly suggested exhumation at least a month ago. \"With every passing day, tissues lose their structure. It becomes challenging for the expert to comment on the disease process accurately,\" he said. \"The question to be asked here is despite being told several times that the delay could make the exhumation futile, why was there no urgency shown on the part of the investigating agency?\"Dr Rukmini Krishnamurthy, former director of the state's Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) and chairman of Helik Advisory, said all may not be lost because of the delay. \"If aluminum phosphide or any other metal poisoning caused the death, some traces will be there. The deposits in bone, nail, hair should point to something even if organs are not preserved,\" she said.Besides his viscera, samples of Rameez's nail, hair, bone and skin were recovered on Monday and preserved for toxicological tests.While investigating officers may be pinning their hope on the chemical analysis, the current director of FSL, Dr M K Malve, said the acumen of forensic experts would be the deciding factor in establishing foul play. \"It is largely the role of medical officers to look for traces to establish what really happened. We would just be checking for poisons and their levels using chemical methods,\" he said.On Monday, the soil around Rameez's corpse was also collected as a standard protocol in deaths where poisoning is suspected. The soil samples, too, will be subjected to chemical tests to look for traces of metal deposits.Mumbai: The lackadaisical attitude of the police along with red tapism in carrying out the exhumation in Rameez Chougle's case may have cost crucial evidence. Forensic medicine experts are unanimous that the delay of over two months in exhuming the body is blameworthy if the entire process turns out to be worthless.On Monday, the post mortem carried out on Rameez's body was apparently \"inconclusive\" and if experts close to investigation are to be believed, the chemical analysis will more or less hold the key to his mysterious death. The \"badly decomposed\" body could not provide any clues to those carrying out the post mortem. Samples of his nails, hair, bone and skin that have been preserved apart from the viscera for toxicology tests are the investigators' only hope.A forensic expert close to the investigation blamed the police for sitting on the case when the expert committee had strongly suggested exhumation a good one month ago. \"With every passing day, tissues lose their structure. It also becomes challenging for the expert to comment on the disease process accurately,\" said the expert. \"The question to be asked here is despite being told several times that the delay could make the exhumation futile, why there was no urgency shown on the part of the investigating agency,\" the expert said.In this case, the soil around the body has also been collected as a standard protocol in deaths where poisoning is suspected. \"It is usually done to see if poison from the body has seeped into the soil or to rule out any poison entering the body from the surroundings,\" said the expert. The soil samples, too, will be subjected to chemical tests to look for traces of metal deposits.Former director of state's Forensic Science Laboratory and chairman of Helik Advisory Dr Rukmini Krishnamurthy, however, said that all may not be lost because of the delay. \"If aluminium phosphate or any other poisoning caused the death, some traces will be there to connect to the case. The deposits in bone, nail, hair should point to something even if organs are not preserved,\" she said. She added that if metal poisoning was involved in any way the chemical tests should be able to provide some leads.While investigating officers may be pinning their hope on chemical analysis, current director of FSL Dr MK Malve said the acumen of forensic experts would be the ultimate deciding factor to establish murder or rule out foul play. \"It is largely the role of medical officers to look for traces to establish what really happened. We would just be checking for poisons and their levels using chemical methods,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16443994", "title": "Man killed over family feud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 48-year-old man was killed allegedly by his former in-laws over a family feud, in Odhav on Sunday night. The man's elder daughter filed a complaint of murder against three people, on the basis of which police have started a search for the assailants.According to investigators, Ganpat Parmar, a resident of Motibhai Rabari ni Chali, had married off his younger daughter Parul to Kuber Parmar, a resident of Bhavaninagar, two years ago. However, constant quarrels and alleged harassment by the in-laws forced Ganpat to ask Parul to get a divorce.\"The move did not go well with Harish Parmar, Kuber's brother, and other family members. Meanwhile, Ganpat had married Parul off to another youth from the community two months back. This was the spark for the feud between the families to get ugly,\" said a police official.When Ganpat was passing from near Bhavaninagar with a relative Pravin, Harish and his relatives stopped the duo and started an argument after which Harish stabbed Ganpat repeatedly which caused his death on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16442056", "title": "CJI S H Kapadia recommends Justice Swatanter Kumar as green tribunal chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia has raised eyebrows by recommending sitting Supreme Court judge Justice Swatanter Kumar for the post of chairperson of the National Green Tribunal.Although the NGT has been headless since February, CJI Kapadia's move has intrigued many, considering that he retires on September 29. Many in the SC circles feel that the CJI should have left the matter for his successor, Justice Altamas Kabir.More so, because Justice Kumar retires only on December 31 and cannot take over NGT's reins before that. Justice Kumar, as part of a bench which also had the CJI, had recently ordered that all environment-related cases pending in high courts be transferred to the tribunal.Under law, the NGT chairman should be a sitting or retired SC judge. Section 6(1) of the NGT Act provides that chairperson \"shall be appointed by the central government in consultation with the Chief Justice of India\".The post fell vacant in February after Justice L S Panta resigned on deciding to take over as Lokayukta of his home state Himachal Pradesh. Justice Kapadia had recommended the name of retired SC judge R V Raveendran, but he withdrew his consent for appointment as NGT chief.The NGT Act notified on June 2, 2010 said the apex green tribunal would consist of a chairperson, 10-20 judicial members and 10-20 expert members for \"effective and expeditious disposal of cases relating to environmental protection and conservation of forest and other natural resources including enforcement of any legal right relating to environment and giving relief and compensation for damages to persons and property and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto\".A Supreme Court bench headed by Justice G S Singhvi has been criticizing the government for poor infrastructure and facilities provided to members of NGT, which was functioning from a guesthouse and was severely short of manpower.Another bench of CJI Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar on August 9 delivered a judgment in Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sangathan, which related to relief and rehabilitation of Bhopal gas victims and the smooth running of Bhopal Memorial Trust Hospital.In this judgment, authored by Justice Kumar, a direction was issued for transfer of all environment cases pending before high courts to NGT. Justice Kumar said, \"Keeping in view the provisions and scheme of the National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 (for short the 'NGT Act') particularly Sections 14, 29, 30 and 38(5), it can safely be concluded that the environmental issues and matters covered under the NGT Act, Schedule 1 should be instituted and litigated before the NGT.\"Such approach may be necessary to avoid likelihood of conflict of orders between the high courts and the NGT. Thus, in unambiguous terms, we direct that all the matters instituted after coming into force of the NGT Act and which are covered under the provisions of the NGT Act and/or in Schedule I to the NGT Act shall stand transferred and can be instituted only before the NGT. This will help in rendering expeditious and specialized justice in the field of environment to all concerned.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16442703", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation executive engineer's France tour cancelled", "text": "NAGPUR: The controversial France tour planned by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) executive engineer for water works Shashikant Hastak was cancelled on Monday after the state government refused to approve it. Meanwhile, Hastak seems to have plunged into trouble due to this tour proposal.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane confirmed that Hastak adopted the wrong procedure to apply for the tour. Besides, office bearers, including leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre, alleged that the tour proposal reveals Hastak's nexus with a private company.A senior NMC official told TOI there was no communication from the state government on Hastak's application seeking permission for the tour. \"The approval process takes time and Hastak was late in submitting it. In fact, Hastak was not aware of any such norms. Now, since Hastak was to land in France according to the plan on Monday, the proposal is deemed to be cancelled,\" he said.Official sources told TOI the process adopted by Hastak was wrong. \"The private company has to communicate with the civic chief if it wants an official to attend a programme abroad. The France-based private company Veolia Water Limited, JV partner in city water operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL), was communicating only with Hastak.\"The rules say the official should first inform and seek permission from the civic chief if he gets any invitation. \"But Hastak directly approached general administration department (GAD) to seek permission to attend a conference in France with sponsorship of Veolia. The GAD officials informed Hastak about the norms and sent the proposal to Wardhane, who forwarded it to the urban development department,\" he said.Confirming this, Wardhane said, \"Hastak was benefiting from the private company's offer, so he required the consent of the government.\"Thakre has decided to raise the issue of Hastak's proposed France tour in the next general body meeting. \"Hastak's nexus with Veolia comes to fore in this proposal. He planned the France tour on his own. Enquiry should be conducted,\" he said.Slamming Hastak, Datke said there seems to be a secret plan behind Hastak's tour. \"Veolia's performance here is very poor. Officials at the France-based company seem to be trying to influence Hastak to play down the performance issues,\" he said.Datke said the planned shut down of water supply this weekend across half the city was known many weeks in advance. \"How could Hastak plan to fly abroad for a conference at this time, instead of monitoring the works,\" he questioned.Chairman of water works committee Sudhakar Kohle too said the real reason for the France tour needs to be ascertained.Justifying his proposed France tour, Hastak said, \"The matter is over as I did not get permission in time. I am not going so there is nothing to suspect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16443813", "title": "People protest against fuel hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: People protested at the Subhash crossing in Civil Lines on Monday against hike in diesel, LPG prices and allowing FDI in retail sector. People under the banner of Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal and Sarva Mahila Shakti Vahini raised slogans against the UPA government.Convenor of Sarva Yuva Vyapar Mandal Shayam Sunder Singh Patel said by raising the prices of diesel and LPG cylinders, the government has crossed the limits of the patience of the common man.They have infact duped the people and bowed to the pressure of foreign powers.Krishan Kumar Gupta said that people are already grappling with the problem of rise in the prices of essential commodities, service tax , VAT and now the government has taken the unwise decision to hike diesel and LPG prices. He flayed the Central government for allowing FDI in retail sector.The protesters also said that government is least bothered about the welfare of the people and has been taken series of steps against the interests of the common man .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16442788", "title": "Vizhinjam port sparks interest in UK firms", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three engineering firms based in the UK have expressed interest in associating with the Vizhinjam international port project.The project has received proposals from British firms for constructing breakwater and dredging, during the Emerging Kerala summit, which concluded in Kochi on September 14.Senior port officials said the UK-based firms had expressed willingness in providing technical assistance right from the construction stage of the Rs 1,600-crore project.\"We are satisfied with the responses we have got, and will consider these proposals after inviting global tenders to construct the super structure of the port,'' a senior port official said.A private operator would build the terminal super-structure, and operate and maintain it for 30 years. The port at Vizhinjam would have a quay length of 2,000 metres, which would be constructed in three phases, the official said.\"We will be in touch with the firms through the UK embassy, and have already informed them that we are interested in pursuing these proposals once we get the environmental clearance,'' the official said.The Rs 4,010-crore Vizhinjam international seaport project is set to follow landlord port model. Dredging, reclamation and basic infrastructure such as construction of break-water and quay will be done once the port gets an eco-nod from ministry of environment and forest.Senior port officials said the state government would approach the Centre with a request to relax pre-determined tariffs. \"The state plans to approach the Centre for viability gap funding wherein the Centre can fund 20% of the project cost of the proposed international Vizhinjam port project,\" the officials said.\"The fixed tariff will affect the port's revenue. This can be applicable for public infrastructure road projects, but for ports which have to compete with international players, this rule will be an impediment to generate profits,'' a senior state official said.The state government had earlier cancelled the bid of Welspun Infratech (India ) Limited, a private port operator, saying its proposal was financially unviable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16442745", "title": "Double-decker train to Mumbai from Wed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The much awaited Ahmedabad-Mumbai super-fast AC double-decker train will make its first inaugural run from Ahmedabad on Ganesh Chathurthi on September 19.The double-decker train will cover the distance between Ahmedabad and Mumbai in seven hours. The AC train is scheduled to leave Ahmedabad at 6 am and reach Mumbai at 1 pm. On its way back, it will leave Mumbai at 2.20 pm and reach Ahmedabad at 9.40 pm.While Shatabdi Express takes six hours and 45 minutes to cover the same distance, Karnavati Express (superfast train) takes seven hours and 45 minutes to traverse the 493-km stretch. The double-decker AC train, which will run six days a week barring Sunday, will reach Ahmedabad in seven hours. \"Its fare is same as that of Karnavati express, which includes Rs 471 for fully AC chair car, while Rs 590 for tatkal. The train will halt at Anand, Nadiad, Vadodara, Bharuch, Vapi, Surat and Borivali. Each coach can accommodate 120 passengers. Of these, 70 will be at the lower level of the coach,\" said a Western Railway official.The officials said train will have 14 coaches with 120 seats in each compartment, up from 78 in Shatabdi coaches. But at 4.36 meter high, it is only 12 cm taller than an ordinary train. While 50 of its 120 seats are on the upper deck, 48 are on the lower deck, and 22 are at normal height.The train was scheduled to begin its journey earlier this year, but due to security reasons the flagging off of the train was delayed.Union minister of state for railways Bharatsinh Solanki is likely to flag off the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16441406", "title": "Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission head won't be named without HC order, says state", "text": "The state government on Monday gave an undertaking in the Madras high court that it would not name a chairperson to the statutory Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission, vacant for eight months, now.A submission was made by advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan, when a public interest writ petition by K Murali Babu of Ambattur came up for admission before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam. \"The AG undertakes that committee shall not finalise the selection until further orders from this court,\" the order said.Another petition on the issue was filed by the Madras Bar Association (MBA).When the matter was taken up for hearing, A Saravanan, counsel for Murali Babu, said that since a three-member committee constituted by the state government to select a candidate in November 2011could not discharge its duty, the state government should invoke Section 84(2) of the Electricity Act and request the high court to name a sitting or retired judge of the court to head the commission.When the judges were inclined to stay the selection process, advocate-general Navaneethakrishnan said the government would not make any appointment to the commission without informing the court. Murali Babu's petitiowanted a direction to the chief secretary to ensure the appointment of the TNERC chairman within a reasonable time. The last chairman, Kapilan, demitted office on January 2 after his five-year term and since then the post has been vacant.According to Murali Babu, the committee ffailed to adhere to the three-month time limit laid down in Section 85(3) of the Electricity Act, 2003. As per the rule, the committee ought to have completed the selection process on February 28. \"It is not clear what transpired at the meeting, but no one was selected, as seen from the lack of action for the two months since this meeting was held,\" Babu said.Referring to power shortage in Tamil Nadu the PIL said: \"Industrial and agricultural production have suffered grievously, leading to adverse impact on employment and wages of workers. The regulatory in power sector is headless.\"The PIL said that in the event of inordinate and unexplained delay, the state government could invoke Section 84(2) of the Electricity Act, 2003 and appoint a chairperson from amongst persons who is, or has been, a judge of a high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16442494", "title": "Rats damage AC, attack passengers on Rapti Sagar Express", "text": "BAHRAICH: Rats caused massive problems to people on the Rapti Sagar Express on Sunday. The train was going to Thiruvananthapuram from Gorakhpur. The rodents cut the wiring of the air conditioning in one of the coaches of the train leading to an inconvenience for several passengers. The rats also injured some people and caused delays in the train's scheduled departure.On Information given by the AC coach conductor and passengers, the RPF personnel reached the train but failed to catch the rats. The passengers injured were given primary treatment at the Gonda railway station and finally the train departed. Area manager of the railway Nyaymurti told TOI that wiring in the AC coach was repaired.Passengers said that the rats first cut the AC wiring and then attacked several passengers. A passenger, RK Srivastava, resident of Chhapra, Bihar , travelling to Coimbatore said the staff on the train was informed about passengers, including Rakesh, Ramesh, Imran and Seema, besides himself, getting bitten. The coach attendant informed the Basti Railway station about the incident but the station master did not take the call and the train departed from there without anyone attending to the problem. Once the train reached Gonda, a team of the railway hospital reached the AC coach and administered medical aid to the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16442729", "title": "Five drown in separate incidents", "text": "AMRAVATI: Five persons drowned in pits in three separate incidents on Sunday and Monday.In two mishaps that took place on Monday, the pits were dug by IRB Company which is engaged in road work.In the first incident, sisters Kirti Ingle (17) and Arti Ingle (12) died at Nimbhora (Lahe) village in Badnera. Their family worked as farm labourers in the village. On Monday morning, Arti, Kirti, their brother Mangesh along with their mother had gone to wash clothes near a pit excavated by IRB Company on Nimbhora Road. Arti slipped in the pit. To rescue her, Kirti also rushed near the pit but fell inside. Mangesh rushed to the farm and called his father who later fished out the dead bodies.In another incident on Monday, one Roshan Mohdure drowned in the pit excavated by IRB near Ram Meghe Engineering College in Badnera. He used to work as tractor driver and had gone for bathing in the pit. Unable to swim, he drowned.On Sunday morning, two boys drowned in a huge pit full of stagnant water at Rahatgaon locality.The deceased have been identified as Pravin Ninghot (11) and Jayesh Kadu (12), students of fifth and sixth standard respectively of Omshanti Vidyalaya, Rahatgaon. They had jumped in the pit to swim, but drowned.Patil reviews village development schemesAmravati: Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee scheme and Paryavaran Santulit Samruddha Gram Yojana are both promising schemes and can give a facelift to villages, said rural development minister Jayant Patil. He was in the city to take review of Paryavaran Santulit Samrudh Gram Yojna on Monday.Addressing the meeting, Patil said that Raigarh, Dhule, Gondia, Sindhudurg, Kolhapur, Thane, Nagpur, Nandurbar, Jalgaon districts have done great job in the scheme. However, in Amravati division, the scheme needs to be implemented properly. Though there are various schemes of state government for development of villages, they cannot work efficiently without support and participation of people. While developing a village, revenue of village should be increased for which villagers should voluntarily and honestly pay various taxes, he said.Considering the flood-like situation in many villages, Patil ordered extension of the last date of filing various taxes till November 15, patil also extended the time limit of construction of wells under NREGS. Patil said that government is seriously mulling over for filing vacant posts in various offices also contemplating about providing separate vehicles to Panchyata Samiti Chairperson and BDO so that they can work efficiently, issue of increment in honarium given to Chairperson and Deputy chairperson is also under consideration, said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16443202", "title": "KMRL to seek 20MW from KSEB for metro", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) will soon submit an application to the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) seeking power for operating metro project. In a couple of days, the board of directors of KMRL will take a decision to procure 20MW of power a year from KSEB.\"The plan is to get electricity from Kaloor substation, which is being upgraded. The modernization works being undertaken by KSEB will also help metro,\" said Elias George, managing director, KMRL. George, who is also the chairman of KSEB, said on getting the letter from KMRL, KSEB would respond stating its plans to provide power.He said that metro stations would use fourth generation technology for the metro project, which is being touted as a green project. The same technology would also be used to provide passenger amenities. The board of directors had constituted a sub-committee to look into the possibilities of upgrading technology for effective implementation of the project.The facilities at the station would be provided in two categories: facilities accessible with ticket and those accessible without ticket. KMRL is yet to list the facilities included in each category. Meanwhile, during the foundation stone-laying ceremony, many students who attended the ceremony had expressed the need for concession on metro trains. In a presentation made by KMRL they have included this demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16441138", "title": "25 years on, his Ganesha still comes from Nagpur", "text": "CHENNAI: A crowd of curious onlookers cheers as a six-foot idol of Lord Ganesha is carried on to the platform from the luggage van of Trivandrum-Korba Express. It is 11.15pm and people from the adjoining platforms join in to lend the porters a hand. The idol was placed in the train at Nagpur, from where it undertook a journey of more than 17 hours to reach Chennai. It belongs to Sampat Kumar who has been doing it for 25 years.A decorator and artist by profession, Samapat arrived in Chennai from Nagpur 25 years ago in search of a living. Ganesha Chaturthi was being celebrated in his family for several generations and every year he brings an idol from Nagpur to keep the memories of his roots alive. \"Lord Ganesha helped me find a job and every year I bring an idol from the land of my birth to the land of my karma,\" he says.The beautiful clay idol of the elephant God is accompanied by the idols of Goddess Riddhi and Siddhi who are regarded as his two wives of the God. There are also larger than life clay replicas of two mice which are fitted with electronic sensors to help them dart their bright red eyes and frolic their long black tails. These moving mice will be a crowd-puller in Broadway, where the idol will be installed.While last year the market complex saw Lord Ganesha donning a Gandhi cap with a rectangular black spectacles alike Anna Hazare , this year electronic mice highlight the spate of mouse-related attacks in Government hospitals, says Sampat. Next year, he plans to design an idol with electronic arms which would distribute ladoos to the devotees.\"Action leads to reaction, but nature teaches us harmony. Through moving mice we are trying to portray that all living creatures including rodents like mouse can peacefully coexist with humans, provided we give them space to exist,\" he says. The idol once placed on the podium will be decked with flowers and decorated with silken clothes and artificial jewellery. Perfumes, ganga-jal, seasonal fruits, lamps and incense sticks are offered to it. \"The ceremony costs in excess of 40,000 and is sustained by voluntary donations by devotees,\"says Sampat.Ganesh Chaturthi is celebrated in the locality by more than 300 traders. After 10 days, the immersion ceremony is held at the Kasimedu beach amidst chants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16445753", "title": "Drinking water supply: Vigilance court orders investigation", "text": "THRISSUR: The Thrissur Vigilance Court has ordered the Thrissur Vigilance Deputy SP to investigate a case related to alleged corruption in distribution of drinking water by the Thrissur Corporation authorities and submit the report on or before December 17.The petition was filed by Malayalavedi president George Vattukulam and Youth Congress (S) district president Advocate KK Ramdas. In the petition, they alleged large-scale corruption took place in the distribution of drinking water in tanker lorries to the drought-prone areas of the Corporation areas.The petitioners pointed out that the five zones - Ollur, Vilvattam, Koorkanchery, Ayyanthole and Ollookkara - of the Thrissur Corporation are drought-prone areas. As per the Government Order dated May 30, 2009, it is the duty of the Revenue Department to distribute water to drought-hit areas. \"However, instead of declaring the zones as drought-prone areas, the corporation rulers distributed drinking water using its own funds and thus wasted crores of rupees,\" George Vattukulam told media.Mayor, deputy mayor, Thrissur Corporation Secretary and Standing Committee Chairman (Health) are the first, second, third and fourth accused, respectively in the petition.In the petition, it is also alleged that there was no details including the route of water distribution, distance between source and distribution point and the quality of drinking water in the trip sheep maintained by the Corporation authorities.At the same time, Mayor IP Paul denied the corruption allegations and declared of facing the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16440904", "title": "Rs 3cr for road to nowhere?", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is no dearth of bad roads in the city that need immediate attention, yet civic authorities seem surprisingly busy spending huge amounts of money to relay a road located in an isolated corner of the CoP-11 venue.This kilometre-long stretch being freshly laid extends from behind the NAC campus in Hitex to the Hi-Tec MMTS railway station in Kukatpally (Survey No.1007). The budget for the work is Rs 3 crore.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials say that the road will be used as one of the main entry and exit routes for VIP delegates attending the international biodiversity meet. Although it is another thing that there are no hotels in Kukatpally which have taken bookings for CoP-11 delegates. Interestingly, there is already a similar road, running parallel to this new route (it stretches from the back gate of NAC to the Hitec MMTS station), which the officials have conveniently overlooked.\"This existing road is hardly used and is always closed. Had the officials wanted, they could have simply opened it for the event,\" said a staff member of NAC on condition of anonymity. He added, \"Laying the new road will not serve any purpose and the roads adjacent to it are always congested. Delegates will not be able to commute smoothly.\" Observers have also raised doubts as to the need for this road upon conclusion of CoP-11 since the area surrounding this stretch is dotted with spots mostly under litigation and till date there are no signs of any construction activity here. That's also because the Kukatpally- Hi-Tec flyover is nearing completion.\"Once that is ready, people travelling between these two areas will take the flyover. This route will then become redundant. And anyway, it is unlikely that Hitex will allow heavy traffic flow through its campus,\" said P Raju, a resident of Madhapur.Civic officials, however, maintain that the decision to lay the road is a well thought-out and will serve commuters even after CoP-11 is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16445500", "title": "Asha Bhosle tops her acting debut with rain dance", "text": "At a feisty 80, Asha Bhosle tops her acting debut with a rain danceFor decades she has made people dance to her tunes. And now at 80 years of age, Asha Bhosle has decided to get a taste of how it feels. For a new song in her debut film Mai, to be launched at Lalbaugcha Raja on September 19, the songstress has gone all out to shoot a rain dance sequence.While this song, Dhakku Makum is perhaps the first wherein one will see the famous singer shaking a leg, it also marks the singing debut of her granddaughter Zanai, who has lent her voice to the song along with Amit Kumar .It was at Garden Court, Kandivali, where the songstress shot her first dance number. \"The whole idea is to give the song a chawl look. My idea was to show the people enjoying the first rain,\" director Mahesh Kodiyal told us.While the choreographer, Lollypop (of Aati Kya Khandala fame) only asked Bhosle to move her hands, the legendary singer insisted that she have some steps of her own. \"She said 'I want to dance and not just move'. She wanted to have proper dance steps. We weren't too sure whether she would like dancing in the rain,\" added Kodiyal.After Lollypop taught Bhosle the moves, she surprised the crew by replicating them perfectly. \"When I saw her perform, I was amazed,\" said the director.Composed by Nithin R Shankar, this song will now be launched on the auspicious occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi. \"It is my pleasure and honour to have one of the songs from my film Mai being played during the festive season. I hope everyone enjoys it as much as I did while shooting for it,\" said Bhosle.The film produced by Subhash Dawar and Nithin R Shankar explores the relationship between a mother and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16443042", "title": "Fire in oil godown, no casualties", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A major fire engulfed the sesame oil godown in Villipathiri village near Virudhunagar on Monday morning. As the fire broke out in the godown, no loss of lives were reported in the incident. A renowned sesame oil company, based in Virudhunagar has a processing unit along with the godowns in the village on Virudhunagar - Karipatti Road and work was on in full swing in the unit on Monday morning. The godowns were used to store the sesame sacks as raw materials, processed oil, tins and pouches.Under these circumstances, a sudden fire broke out in one of the godowns and quickly spread into the building. The workers, who observed the fire tried to put it out, but it started spreading in a rapid manner. As they were unable to manage the situation, they alerted the fire and rescue services department and fire tenders from entire district rushed to the spot.Since the fire involved oil materials, fire tenders had a tough time and had to struggle for nearly five hours to bring it under control. The quick action from the department saved further damage to other godowns and the processing unit.Fire and rescue department sources at Virudhunagar said that seven vehicles and nearly 50 personnel were pressed into the action and the vehicles were rushed from Sattur, Aruppukottai, Sivakasi, Kallikudi and Madurai. As the fire involved oil substance, the foam tenders were summoned from Madurai, the officials said. \"We are estimating the total loss in the accident and the cause of fire,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16443088", "title": "Illegal structure in Gandhi mkt gets notice of demolition", "text": "MARGAO: Following complaints by shop owners from the Gandhi Market regarding an illegal structure in the market on the side of the old station road, the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) ordered the owners of the structure to demolish it within 15 days.According to the written submission, the respondent denied that he had undertaken any illegal construction and stated that been issued the trade license along with the assessment of house tax by the MMC itself.\"I have pursued the complaint and the written submission filed by both parties and it is evident that there is an illegal extension and I have issued directions for removal of the extended portion carried out by the respondent,\" said MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443158", "title": "Four airlines to touch down in city", "text": "KOLKATA: Four international carriers are in negotiations with the civil aviation ministry to fly into the new airport in Kolkata sometime next year. Sources in the ministry said Turkish Airlines, Malaysia Airlines, FlyDubai and Xiamen Airlines had applied for additional traffic rights to fly to more destinations in India.Of the four carriers, Malaysia Airlines had operated in Kolkata for a year in 2005-06, but withdrew services as part of its route restructuring programme. While Turkish Airlines is Turkey's national carrier, Xiaman Airlines of China is the country's first private-owned airline and is keen on connecting Kolkata with Beijing . A subsidiary of China Southern Airlines , the carrier's hub is located in Xiamen city in Fujian province of south-east China. Fly Dubai is a low-cost carrier.Two airlines - Qatar Airways and Singapore Airlines subsidiary Silk Air - have already commenced services in Kolkata recently, connecting Doha and Singapore respectively. Another carrier - Cathay Pacific subsidiary Dragon Air - is scheduled to start flights to Hong Kong from next month.Sources at Kolkata airport said the four international carriers that intended to operate from the city's new integrated terminal had already surveyed the traffic potential and were convinced of high load factor. Of them, only FlyDubai will fly to a destination that is already connected to Kolkata. Emirates currently operates 12 flights a week between Kolkata and Dubai.Against the present traffic of around 10 million passengers a year, the new terminal, with a capacity of 20 million passengers per annum, will have sufficient capacity to accommodate the new airlines. But the civil aviation ministry is not keen on renegotiating bilateral traffic rights in a hurry as the frequencies are currently loaded heavily in favour of foreign carriers.Foreign airlines operate around 1,400 flights a week to India against Indian carriers that have only 800-odd overseas flights. Moreover, most foreign airlines have exhausted the capacity. With Boeing finally delivering the Dreamliners to Air India, the flag bearer is expected to commence flights on several routes where it had permission to fly but did not do so due to lack of aircraft.Private carrier Jet Airways is gradually increasing flights to overseas destinations. But low cost carriers SpiceJet and IndiGo are keen on flying only into West and South-East Asia within flight duration of four hours as the type of aircraft they use do not permit longer flights.\"Domestic airlines don't utilize even 50% of the rights. On certain routes like China and Malaysia, the utilization of bilateral rights by Indian carriers is 6% and 12% respectively. There are abundant rights unutilized in high traffic density routes like Dubai and Qatar as well. While Indian carriers utilize 62% capacity on the Dubai route, that to Qatar has a low utilization of 28%,\" an airline industry official said.However, most overseas flights by foreign carriers operate to the West, North and South. Kolkata, the only major international airport in the east, has no flights to Europe or to the Far East. Kolkata airport authorities will present the case to the civil aviation ministry, urging it to increase rights to certain sectors provided the carriers use the enhanced opportunity to fly into Kolkata so that the new terminal is better utilized.Speaking to TOI, civil aviation secretary K N Shrivastava assured that the rights issue would not come into the way of increasing more overseas flights out of Kolkata. \"Airlines that wish to fly to Kolkata will not face a problem. We are keen on having better connections out of Kolkata. Air India will also enhance operations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16442041", "title": "Illegal ladies' bar opens under cops' nose", "text": "MUMBAI: A bar allegedly featuring illegal ladies' orchestras has been operating from the ground floor of a mall that also houses a police conference hall.Inaugurated last Friday in Cine Wonder Mall at the Kapurbawdi junction, the bar is located on the floor below the Thane police commissionerate-owned Manthan Hall, which is frequented by top police officers and is the venue for weekly law and order meetings.A police officer said the bar owners had obtained a licence to serve liquor from the excise department. \"The licence, however, is not permanent and is issued on a day-to-day basis,\" said the officer. It does not have a licence or permission to feature female orchestras or singers, said a senior officer.The bar reportedly witnessed a fist-fight between a sozzled customer and one of the co-owners around 3.30am on Saturday. The fight allegedly took place over a woman singer. The bar's staffers are said to have beat up the customer, the son of an ex-corporator, who subsequently returned with his friends and thrashed the staffers.A ladies service'' bar running discreetly till early hours in a non-descript city lane possibly with police patronage is an open secret. However, the latest addition to the sleaze night spots in Thane is located inside a popular family mall at Kapurbawdi junction which is just down below the police conference hall here.Inaugurated last week, the bar located on the first floor of the mall is understood to have attracted a decent customer turnout on the very first day on Friday given the bevy of beauties who are said to have been hired by the bar management for entertainment and music'' shows.To avoid easy identification, the bar owners are said to have avoided putting up a signboard announcing the name of their establishment. However, the muffled sound of blaring music and an army of beefy bouncers were suggestive indication of the goings-on-inside the first floor commercial spot at the mall.Although it is mandated by law that liquor joints which organize music shows or promise an orchestra night should have the requisite clearance from the police including an orchestra license, a valid photo-id card for each of its male or female singer besides maintaining a proper staff log book, a senior police official said the bar management had none of these documents.Interestingly, the Thane police commissionerate-owned Manthan hall is located in the Cine Wonder mall and is just one floor above the controversial bar. The Manthan hall is frequented by top police officials and is the venue for weekly crime meetings or any event concerning law and order.In fact, the illegally-functioning bar was exposed on day one itself following a fist-fight between a sozzled customer and one of the co-owners of the bar, known among regulars here a Ikon Bar. A police official said the bar owners had obtained a license to serve liquor from the excise department. However, the excise license was issued to this bar on a day-to-day basis and was not permanent in nature.The big fight occurred at around 3.30 am on Saturday between a son of a former corporator and one of the owners of the bar who was mistaken as a staff. The hotel staff is said to have bashed up the ex-corporators son, who subsequently returned with his friends and bashed up the staff responsible. The ostensible reason for the violence was a singer, it is learnt.Senior inspector (Kapurbawdi) B G Chowdhary said, claimed the fight occurred outside the mall.\"I am not aware if the bar has a licence to hold orchestra shows.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16443074", "title": "Diesel turns expensive, bullocks return", "text": "MADURAI: The spiralling fuel prices seem to have a positive impact as far as nature is concerned, with farmers resorting to traditional practices like using bullocks to plough their lands instead of machines in some villages of Dindigul district.Bullocks ploughing through the black sand in the farms in many parts of Dindigul district like Karisalpatti, Konur, Hanmandarayankottai in Reddiyarchathiram union is a treat for the eyes. \"The recent showers made us to start sowing pulses, gram and corn in our fields. But, when we approached the owners of tractors they demanded up to Rs 600 an hour, which is beyond our means. Hence, we decided to use the bullocks,\" the farmers said. By paying just Rs 1,000 a pair of bullocks can be used for many days to plough an entire acre.Last year, some of these farmers had spent around Rs 400 an hour for ploughing but this year they feel that a steep Rs 200 hike is too high for them. \"Bullocks are best suited for ploughing as far as corn and gram, are concerned, because the seeds have to be sown into the fresh groves made by the plough,\" said Senthil, a farmer.There are many benefits in using the bullocks instead of tractors, according to these farmers. The bunds in the fields remain intact, whereas they have to be broken if the tractors have to be brought in. This reduces the cost of labour for rebuilding the bunds. Also, bullocks can be taken to every nook and corner of the field, unlike the machines, which can be used only in a larger space.\"Using bullocks helps the fields to be naturally fertilised from cow dung and urine and we have visibly seen the benefits in the products,\" said Lakshmanan, a farmer.Also, the womenfolk can herd the cows around the field in the absence of the men folk, whereas the tractors remain a man's job, said Selvarani, a villager. \"We have small fields and we have found that using bullocks is much cheaper than tractors in the long run,\" said Perumal, a farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16441687", "title": "Objections over NCERT's portions of class XI history text, two illustrations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mufti Muhammad Mukarram Ahmed, Shahi Imam of Fatehpuri Mosque, has objected not only to two illustrations but also certain portions of the text of NCERT's class XI history book.Sources said Shahi Imam's complaint would be taken up by the HRD ministry later this week after minister Kapil Sibal returns from abroad. Sources said ministry is amenable to changes sought by Shahi Imam, though NCERT thinks it would be setting a bad precedent. Illustrations would be evaluated by National Monitoring Committee and Textbook Development Committee.Speaking to TOI, Imam pointed out that the text on page 80 says, \"In addition, Muslims organised expeditionary raids (ghazw) on Meccan caravans and nearby oases.\" Shahi Imam said ghazw is an Arabic word and means wars in which the Prophet himself participated. \"There is no account in the history of Islam that shows Prophet participated in such expeditions. In fact, all the expeditions were defensive in nature. What NCERT book says is 100% false,\" he says. \"This needs to be changed,\" he demanded.As for illustrations, Shahi Imam says the one on page 79 depicting archangel Gabriel (Jibril) is highly objectionable. \"If he was an archangel how did they draw him? Moreover, he has drawn Jibril as if he is a musician. Even his dress is strange. It's drawn in a humorous sort of way. There is no seriousness,\" he explained. He said Jibril used to be a messenger of Allah to Prophet Mohammad \u2014 \"whatever message he brought is the Holy Koran. He had 600 wings and was most powerful and respectful of all the archangels. This illustration has to be removed.\"The second objectionable illustration, Shahi Imam said, is on page 80 and taken from a 15th century Persian manuscript. Caption of the illustration states that a pilgrim (haji) is touching black stone, while angels (malaika) are watching. According to him, in Islam black stone is kissed not touched. More objectionable is the fact that the caption states angels are watching. \"Had the caption said pilgrims are watching it would have been understandable. We have not heard of congregation of archangels,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16443178", "title": "'State to benefit from ties with Myanmar'", "text": "KOLKATA: Though India alone can't limit Chinese influence in the country, it can be done if ties between India and Myanmar improve, feel experts. Moreover, West Bengal and Kolkata will also canbenefit greatly from it. if relations between India and Myanmar improve.Speaking at a seminar organized in Kolkata by the Centre for Eastern and North Eastern Regional Studies - Kolkata (Ceners-K) and The Indian Council of World Affairs, New Delhi, on Monday, Major General (retd) Arun Roye of Ceners-K said that the major projects of India in Myanmar were yet to take off.\"India should concentrate on projects with the private sector where large scale funds and investment are required. Indian companies could go for be encouraged to set up joint projects with ASEAN and Japanese companies that as they are likely to have an increased presence in the region. As India alone can't limit Chinese influence in the country, engagement with these countries will help in reducing Chinese influence,\" he said.This was felt by experts at a seminar organized in Kolkata by the Centre for Eastern and North Eastern Regional Studies - Kolkata (Ceners-K) and The Indian Council of World Affairs, New Delhi, on Monday.In 2002, the Indian Consulate General in Mandalay was re-opened and the Consulate General of Myanmar was set up in Kolkata. Apart from Myanmar's strategic importance, there are immense possibilities for trade ties between the two countries and West Bengal - being the gateway to the northeast - would pay an important role. However, for this, the situation in the northeast first needs to improve.Speaking at the event, Major General (retd) Arun Roye of Ceners-K said, \"The major projects of India in Myanmar are yet to take off. India should concentrate on projects with the private sector where large scale funds and investment are required. Indian companies could be encouraged to set up joint projects with ASEAN and Japanese companies, as they are likely to have an increased presence in the region. As India alone can't limit Chinese influence in the country, engagement with these countries will help in reducing Chinese influence.\"A serious study therefore must be conducted in India on the ethnic issues plaguing Myanmar. that have resulted in a continuing state of internal conflict in that nation, including ones that have in the past been exploited by the People's Republic of China. This would also contribute to resolving India's ethnic problems.The border regions are also involved in the production of opium poppy and it appears that Chinese interests have got involved in the heroin trade. India may even like to co-operate with the Government of Myanmar to develop programmes promoting socio-economic development within the ethnic areas of the border regions,\" added Roye.He pointed out how the Indian and Myanmarese Armies had co-operated in 1995 to strike against insurgent groups. Even as the ambushes were on, the Indian government announced an award for Aung San Suu Kyi. The ruling military junta in Mynamar immediately called off the operations.According to Lt Gen (retd) J R Mukherjee, if development of the northeast is to take place, the security situation will have to improve.\"Assam is the hub of the northeast and we have to develop this state. Recently, there were ethnic clashes between the Bodos and immigrants in lower Assam. There were also ethnic clashes in Myanmar between the Buddhists and Rohingyas and the latter entered Mizoram, Assam and Tripura. The Rohingyas weren't provided shelter by Bangladesh and nearly 50,000 fled. Many of them entered Mizoram, Assam and Tripura. Elsewhere in the country, there were threats of retaliatory attacks on people from the North East.Things his is how things are interconnected. In Nagaland and Manipur, everybody pays tax to militants. A truck moving to the Indo-Myanmar border at Moreh, Manipur, has to pay nearly Rs 1 lakh to insurgent groups. Automatically, the commodity pricing goes up.The security situation will have to improve if we are to think of better relations with Myanmar and development of the northeast,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16443755", "title": "Don\u2019t dismember the nation: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen adjourned hearing of a PIL seeking implementation of the Sarojini Mahishi Committee report while seeking a response from the state by October 3. When the petitioner's counsel told the court that as per the report, all 'D' group posts should be reserved for locals, the bench observed , \"You can't dismember the country like this. We don't want that.\"The report was submitted on Dec. 30, 1986 and gave 58 recommendations . Till today, it hasn't been implemented , petitioner Vinutha stated. In IT firms, only 10% of Kannadigas are working and there's disparity in recruitment of Kannadigas, she claimed. The state should be directed to conduct an inquiry with regard to jobs in central, state and private undertakings , she requested.NOTICE OVER VIGILANTISMA division bench headed by CJ Vikramajit Sen ordered notice to the government , State Human Rights Commission and others on a PIL filed by residents of Mangalore seeking action against vigilantes in three incidents over the past six years. The petitioners , Louis J Pinto and others, also sought measures to regulate the electronic media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "16442871", "title": "Dhaks echo with new hope in Singur", "text": "SINGUR: The beat of dhaks echoed in the abandoned Tata Motors site in Singur on Viswakarma Puja, breaking the eerie silence that grips the walled off compound and the villages beyond.Waves of undulating kaash sway in the wind, reminding that Puja is round the corner. And, perhaps, hope as well.The drums lead you to a large factory - Himadri Chemicals - on the other side of Durgapur Expressway. A group of 50-60 people danced to the beats of the dhak in front of an idol of Lord Viswakarma.This may be a common sight elsewhere in the state, but not in Singur. Most of these men were once employed at the Tata plant and have now been absorbed by the chemical factory.\"You won't usually see a Viswakarma Puja organised in the baroari fashion like this. But we have sentiments attached with this puja,\" said Mohan Santra, a resident of Joymolla village that had many men working as labourers in the Tata factory.Mohan was lucky to get a job at the chemical factory after losing work as security guard. \"I left my Rs 200-a-day job at the chemical factory to work there thinking that I was employed with a bigger brand. I also wanted to be away from the chemical fumes. But that was not to be.\"At least 200 such labourers from the closed factory have been rehabilitated here. \"We thought of celebrating a puja on our own, like we did for the last five years,\" Mahim Giri said. It's not the workers alone, many villagers from Gopalnagar and Joymollah have joined in the celebrations.Moving through the five mouzas that gave up land for the Tata project, the same prayer was heard. \"On Viswakarma Puja, which is also the day of Manasa Puja, let the curse be lifted. Car factory or rail factory... for God's sake let the powerful see reason. Let there be justice,\" pleaded Chandan Kamaru of Bajemelia village, who once supplied raw material to the factory.Over 1,000 landlosers in Singur have not accepted their compensations and are banking on chief minister Mamata Banerjee's promise to return land.Accordingly the Singur Land Development and Rehabilitation Act 2011 was passed. Tata Motors has challenged this and the matter is now being heard at the Supreme Court.On ground zero , the division is showing. \"Those that willingly gave land and those that resisted, they are all suffering. We are happy with both a Tata car factory or a railway factory. All that we pray for is a speedy end to the problem,\" said Naba Ghosh, a Trinamool Congress member of Gopalnagar panchayat.Identifying himself as an unwilling farmer who has refused to accept his cheque, a villager said, \"Our resolve is gradually breaking. Yes we want our land back, but not at the cost of our lives.\" People of Singur are united on their resolve that the air should reveberate with the sound of dhaak from the next Viswakarma puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16446554", "title": "Shubhi to share screenspace with Pawan Singh", "text": "One of the top actresses of Bhojpuri cinema, Shubhi Sharma will soon be seen in 'Veer Balwan'.Produced by Babu Tyagi, Veer Balwan has Shubhi and Pawan Singh in lead roles. The film is directed by Raju. Shubhi was seen with Pawan Singh in Bhaiya Ke Sali Odhaniya Wali . Shubhi's recent release Hero is still making profit at the box office. Shubhi is very excited for her next project.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-18"}
