{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344576", "title": "More camera traps to spot Sunderbans stripes", "text": "KOLKATA: Having tasted success the last time, filming of tigers through 'camera traps' deep inside the Sunderbans, will be renewed later this month. However, compared to 90 cameras that were set up in January, more than 200 cameras will be installed this time across three forest range areas that have not been covered so far.This apart, areas where traps worked successfully last year, will also be included. Devised by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), the traps are believed to be an important tool in assessing the number of tigers in Sunderbans which has remained a mystery.It will be the biggest technological exercise undertaken at the mangrove forest so far. The areas where the traps worked successfully last year will be included as well. Devised by Wildlife Institute of India (WII), the traps are believed to be an important tool in helping to arrive at the number of tigers in Sunderbans which has remained a mystery.\"The traps worked very well last time. They not only filmed the tigers, but also detected at least two species, including leopard cats, which were not known to exist in the Sunderbans. This time, the WII has been working on an improved version of camera traps that will be even sharper and more effective. We don't yet know how much better these cameras are going to be. But we expect them to be even more effective than the ones used last time,\" said SS Bist, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF).Initially, 230 cameras will be placed at the Basirhat, Sajnekhali and East ranges of the forest which were not covered last year. As many 230 cameras will be installed across the Basirhat, Sajnekhali and East ranges of the forest. These were not covered last year.\"Subsequently, we shall have more cameras installed in the South 24-Parganas division that was covered last time. It will give us a fair idea about the number of tigers in these areas,\" said SB Mondol, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife).An effort to produce radio-collars for tigers has also been revived by the WII. The new ones are being devised following more research on the Sunderbans terrain. Four years ago, several collars had been mounted on tigers but they stopped functioning after a short period. \"Unlike the dry forests, Sunderbans is not suitable for collaring tigers. It's muddy and has rivers which make the collars malfunction.The WII has worked on an improved version that will survive the Sunderbans terrain. We hope to have them soon. Along with the camera traps, it will aid the tiger counting process,\" said Bist.With the help of the WII, the forest department has been able to devise methods of was still working on finetuning the method of identifying tigers through photographs. With the help of the WII, it has been able to devise methods.\"When you use cameras, there's always the possibility of the same tiger being clicked more than once. We need to identify tigers from photographs which we have been able to do. It could be improved further.But camera traps have been invaluable. They have given us access to the remotest areas of the forest where monitoring was impossible otherwise. There could be no better way of tracking tigers in Sunderbans and will give us valuable inputs on the behaviour of big cats in the forest,\" added Bist.In February, the camera traps captured a mysterious cat which was later discovered as a leopard cat. that led to speculation about a new species being discovered at the Sunderbans. Later, analysis of the photographs revealed that. The animal was a leopard cat that had not been sighted in the Sunderbans prior to that. It was identified from its tail.\"More importantly, it will give us inputs on tiger behaviour. In areas where straying is frequent, we can have an idea if tiger density is the reason. We could then release straying tigers in other areas where density is low. It will help to bring about a balance.Traps could also be used to monitor prey animals,, an exercise which will begin soon said Bist.The concentration of prey animals in a particular zone is the best indicator of the number of tigers in an area, he said. \"We have never been able to arrive at the number of prey animals since it's difficult.So far, we have depended on guesswork based on sightings which is not a scientific method. But it's important to know the number to have the right tiger count.The WWI is drawing up a methodology which could be used by us. It would involve the use of technology, similar to the ones being used to count tigers. We shall have a better idea within a month,\" said Bist.The prey base at Sunderbans includes deer, wild boars, gazelles and even fish and crabs. Since each big cat consumes around 50 animals a year, a base of 6000 animals is believed to be ideal at the forest which has an estimated 100-120 tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17344794", "title": "Cops to invoke MCOCA against highway robbers", "text": "NASHIK: The rural police are in the process of invoking the stringent provisions of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) on a group of highway robbers who targetted motorists, and were active in the rural parts of the district. The rural police have already booked the gang under various sections of the IPC, and have decided to apply provisions of the MCOCA as well. A formal announcement in this regard is likely in a day or two.On October 2, the rural police had claimed to have busted the gang of highway robbers with the arrests of five persons - Gangaram alias Gangya Bhadarge (23) of Jalna; Sanjay alias Rohit alias Rohidas Mandal (24) of Phirasta and native of Chhadavat in Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh; Anna Talari (20) of Ghatkopar in Thane and a native of Hyderabad; Mohan Hammad (23) of Cidco in Thane and native of Dhar in Madhya Pradesh and Santosh Gupta (31) a jeweller and a resident of Kalyan Estate in Thane.The gang had been charged with committing robberies on the highway and other roads passing through Nashik district. The police had also recovered 110 gram of gold, Rs 14,500 and two country-made pistols and nine live cartridges from the suspects.According to the police the gang operated on Mumbai-Agra Highway, Nashik-Pune Highway, Ghoti-Sinnar Highway, Malegaon-Pune Road and other state and national highways. The gang mainly targeted families travelling with women and children, who'd stop by the roadside for urinating, etc, and robbed them at gun-points and brandishing sharp weapons.During interrogation, the suspects confessed to have committed robberies at Ghoti, Chandwad, Malegaon tehsil, Yeola, and other places. Gangaram Bhadarge is said to be the leader of the gang while jeweller Santosh Gupta would purchase gold from suspects.On September 28, the police had received a tipoff about the gang, and they were nabbed three suspects at midnight on Sinnar-Shirdi Road, when found moving suspiciously in a car. The police had recovered a country pistol and seven live cartridges from the three suspects inside the car. Subsequently, two more suspects were picked up from Manorama Nagar in Thane district on the information provided by the three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17345967", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh Chamber of Commerce and Industries demands security for traders", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh Chamber of Commerce and Industries in a memorandum to the home parliamentary secretary demanded immediate deployment of paramilitary and police forces at strategic market areas and creation of a congenial atmosphere so traders can open their shops with immediate effect.The ACCI said that Itanagar traders are one of the highest revenue-paying trading communities in the country and need to be protected in all aspects, including life and property.Apprising the government of a total law and order failure at the state capital, which has led to rampant looting and threat-based extortion from the trading community, the ACCI said traders having no option but to remain mute spectators while their shops are being looted by unknown miscreants posing as members of various organisations.Despite repeated complaints and pleas for police protection and for containing law and order, the local administration has miserably failed to provide any protection to the traders, the ACCI said, adding the looting and extortion was rampant and relentless and the only way traders could defend themselves was by downing their shutters to protect save their life and property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17347318", "title": "Archival exhibition begins at BHU", "text": "VARANASI: Commemorating the occasion of Ganga Mahotsav and World Heritage Week, regional archives office, Culture department, Uttar Pradesh has come up with an archival exhibition based on social and cultural aspects of Varanasi at Bharat Kala Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) from November 23 to November 27.According to regional archives officer, Prabhakar Jauhari, the rare documents and photographs of development of Sarnath museum, establishment of Vihar in Sarnath, the documents (dated back to 1875 AD) related to establishment of a hospital in memory of arrival of Prince of Wales in Varanasi, list of archaeological important places in Varanasi and status of their preservation are exhibited in the exhibition.Rare documents of 1810 AD, 1849 AD and 1881 AD related to list of ghats of Varanasi, development of Godowlia, major haats and bazaar of the city and an application by Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya for improving the condition of the city have also been put up in the exhibition for public viewing.Besides, the photographs of rare art forms of Varansi including textile, silk, stone work, wood work are also exhibited in the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347081", "title": "Prasanna's next a romantic comedy", "text": "Director Arun Vaidyanathan brought together Prasanna and Sneha for the first time in front of camera, for 'Achamundu Achamundu' and is producing the movie 'Kalyana Samayal Saadham ' along with Ananth Govindan.The rom-com will have Prasanna playing the male lead and Lekha Washington as the heroine and will be directed by a newbie also called called R.S. Prasanna, a gold medal winner from LV Prasad film institute. Krishnan Vasant will be behind the lens and the duo of Vedanth and Karthick will compose music.This movie looks like a breezy romantic comedy judging from the title and the first look poster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17343530", "title": "Tanker falls on its side, spills oil", "text": "CANACONA: An inter-state tanker carrying 16,000 litres of highly inflammable oil fell on its side in the Karmal ghat section of NH 17 at Paddi-Canacona early morning Friday forcing partial closure of the road.Canacona fire brigade services in-charge Namdev Parwar said that the tanker which was heading towards Canacona fell on its side when the driver lost control at a sharp curve at the top of the Karmal ghat. Around 4,000 liters of oil from one of the four chambers spilled and both the cleaner and driver were seriously injured.\"We managed to divert the spilled oil into a nearby gutter with the help of a JCB, and the tanker will be lifted at midnight (Friday)on Fridayto avoid a traffic jam,\" added Parwar. \"The leaked oil is likely to cause damage to the nearby trees,\" local sarpanch Suhas Velip said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17344378", "title": "Banyan Tree Hotels and Resorts en route to Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Banyan Tree Hotels and Resorts, a developer and manager of premium resorts and hotels in Asia-Pacific, is making fresh inroads into Indian markets with its first resort being developed in the state.Located on a private island of Nediyathuruthu in Alappuzha, Banyan Tree Kerala will be operational by the first quarter of 2013, revealed Abid Butt, chief executive officer of the company.\"Banyan Tree Kerala will be an all-pool villa retreat, first of its kind in the ultra-luxury boutique resort segment. It is notable for its unique setting on a private island in the backwaters of Kerala. Each of the resort's 59 villas features expansive views of the surrounding waterways and canals,\" said Butt in an email interview.\"The property in Alappuzha is owned by Kapico Kerala Resorts Pvt Ltd, and Banyan Tree Hotels and Resorts will operate it under a management agreement,\" clarified Butt. \"In terms of expansion in India, we are confident that the opening of Banyan Tree Kerala will be a catalyst for growth in India just as the Banyan Tree Lijiang seeded our pipeline of projects in China,\" he noted.Butt also revealed the expansion plans for the group. \"Besides Banyan Tree Kerala, in the pipeline in India is the Banyan Tree that we are developing with IREO in north Goa. We also have an Angsana Club and Spa that we will be managing in Ludhiana. It is a gated community clubhouse.\"\"We are actively seeking management opportunities in India for resort locations in key cities where we are confident of the same success that we achieved for our developers and partners in KL Malaysia with the Banyan Tree Signatures model,\" Butt added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17348166", "title": "Multiply your pleasure of movie watching", "text": "Hubli: The dirty, suffocating and unclean cinema halls in the cities of north Karnataka could soon be a thing of the past. With tier-II cities like Hubli and Belgaum witnessing the coming up of multiplexes, viewing movies in theatres is going to be a pleasant experience for people in the region.A multiplex with four screens is being built in the premises of Laxmi Mata theatre on Coen Road while another multiplex is coming up on Gokul Road with five screens, both in Hubli. The shift towards air-conditioned multiplexes with multiple screens is a result of deteriorating quality of movies that keeps viewers away from cinema halls. Many theatre owners feel that it is not economically viable to run single screen theatres since movie halls are hardly full. Instead, they feel, it makes sense to run 3-4 movies at a time in big hall so that each movie attracts a decent number of viewers.As a result, some of the single screen theatres are being demolished and converted into multiplexes. Air-conditioned multiplexes with plush seats, advanced sound system, and big transparent screens have already become a hit the cities of Gulbarga and Belgaum. In fact, Belgaum is the first city in north Karnataka to have two big multiplexes with 3-4 screens. Later the trend caught up in Gulbarga too, where a couple of multiplexes have come up.Ramesh Chatni, owner of a multiplex coming up on Coen Road in Hubli, told TOI that running a single-screen theatre is not profitable. \"People want to spend quality time with their families in good cinema halls with good catering facilities and space to park their vehicles. Of late, people are prefer to watch movies in multiplexes than in conventional theaters,\" he maintained.According him, single-screen theaters charge Rs 60 to 70 per ticket and people don't mind shelling out Rs 120 to 150 to watch movie in a multiplex. \"At a time we can screen more than one movie of different languages and it is also profitable. We are planning to throw open our multiplex by the end of December,\" Chatni added.Madhav Kulkarni, project manager of Cinepolis multiplex coming up on Gokul Road pointed out that these days most of the movies are done by using technology like 3D and Dolby. \"Audience would like to watch movies in multiplexes so that they can derive the real excitement of watching movies. In the next three months, we will start our multiplex,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17344793", "title": "Sena supremo's ashes immersed in Godavari", "text": "AURANGABAD: Shiv Sena Supremo Balasaheb Thackeray's ashes were immersed on Friday at Ramkund in Godavari river by Shiv Sainiks after a procession of thousands of people proceeded from the Sena's city office at Shalimar to Gadge Maharaj Statue, Raviwar Karanja, and finally to Ramkund.Thackeray died on November 17. The urn arrived in Nashik Road on Wednesday night, was brought to the city office at 12.30 pm on Thursday for Shiv Sainiks and citizens to pay homage. It had arrived from Mumbai on Tuesday evening at Ghoti-Igatpuri, on Wednesday at Sinnar and Trimbakeshwar via Bhagur and at Nashik Road at 8.30 pm on Wednesday in a vehicle decorated with flowers. From Bytco Chowk it was taken in a procession to the Sena office there and then to Muktidham and Deolaligaon where a pooja was performed by MLA Baban Gholap, former district chief Datta Gaikwad, district chief Vijay Karanjkar, corporator Suryakant Lavate in the presence of all Shiv Sainiks from the division and citizens.On Friday morning, ShivSena leaders, MLAs, corporators, volunteers and citizens took the urn from the Sena's city office at 10 am to Ramkund for immersion. The entire route was under strict vigil of the police and the route from Gadge Maharaj Bridge to Ramkund was made vehicle free till the immersion was over. Chief of Party Affairs for Central Nashik Legislative Council, Nilesh Chavan, had come for the immersion from Mumbai. The procession was quiet. Former district chief Datta Gaikwad and Jayant Dinde immersed the ashes in Ramkund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345925", "title": "Eunuchs announce Rs 1L for info about killers", "text": "BHOPAL: Eunuch community in the state have declared a cash award of Rs 1 lakh for information on those involved in murder of their head and a drummer in Vidisha district on Wednesday evening.Eunuch Nargish Baba, 55, and drummer Saleem, 27, were strangulated to death at their residence in Vidisha's Jhandapura area by undefined car-borne robbers at around, 7.30 pm on Thursday.Police said, there were around six people in the car who were seen entering and leaving the house with packets in their hand by neighbours. A case of murder and robbery has been registered.\"It seems that they have made away with the ornaments the eunuch was wearing, as most of the ornaments and cash were found safe in their house. The actual quantity of valuables robbed has not been ascertained yet,\" said a police officer.Eunuch Kamla Bai who was removed from the post of Sagar mayor on for submitting wrong information about her caste in the Mayoral election, reached Vidisha on Friday and declared the cash award on the accused. Police assured that the accused would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17347967", "title": "Order on journalist's bail plea deferred to Nov 27", "text": "MANGALORE: The first additional district and sessions court here has deferred the order on the bail application filed on behalf of Naveen Soorinje, reporter of a private Kannada news channel, to November 27.Police had made Naveen the 44th accused in the Padil homestay attack case that was allegedly carried out by members of Hindu Jagaran Vedike on July 28. Advocate S Balan from Bangalore, who appeared for Naveen, argued in favour of granting the bail. Balan submitted before the court that Naveen was not a part of the illegal assembly on July 28. \"There is no evidence to prove Naveen's involvement in the charges filed against him,\" he said. The III JMFC court had rejected the bail application filed by TV channel reporter Naveen Soorinje, who was arrested in connection with homesstay attack case on November 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344669", "title": "Haryana should take severe action against anybody caught abetting female foeticide", "text": "It is indeed good news that Haryana's child sex ratio is finally showing signs of inching up rather than continuing to spiral downwards. However, even at the current level it is shockingly low. A CSR of 846 implies that close to one in six female foetuses is getting aborted. Clearly, the time for celebration is a long way off. The state government must closely study in which districts the improvement is most marked and analyse what the reasons behind the improvement are. Those factors must then be replicated across the state. Meanwhile, action against anybody caught abetting female foeticide must be quick and severe.Related story:  Haryana's child sex ratio improves", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346227", "title": "Mahat's next a bilingual", "text": "Mahat Raghavendra who is best known for his role in Venkat Prabhu's action thriller, Mankatha starring Ajith is now working his third film which is a bilingual in Tamil and Telugu. While the Telugu version is titled 'Backbench Student' the Tamil version is yet to be titled.'Backbench Student' is directed by Madhura Sreedhar with Piaa Bajpai and Archana Kavi playing the female leads.Pia had confirmed the same that she has signed the movie with Mahat. While Mahat tweeted \"My 3rd film which is a bilingual titled as BACK BENCH STUDENT in Telugu! Directed by @madhurasreedhar. co-stars @piaabajpai @archana_kavi. Tamil title will be announced soon!\"Image Courtesy: Mahat Raghavendra's twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17348081", "title": "Natural beauty drowns in troubled Bada Pokhari waters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chintamaniswar in the city's ward no. 49 is a study in contrast. Once known for the beauty of Bada Pokhari, a natural pond, it has now turned into a virtual garbage dump with fetid smell from drains and large scale encroachment adding to the ugliness of the locality.Old timers complained that the once the pond sprawling over 21 acres has now reduced to a mere seven-acre water body with illegally constructed houses and encroachment robbing the rest of the area. While the congested and unplanned houses contribute to the unsightliness, garbage dumped along the pond has made the locality struggle for fresh air.The area's corporator, Amaresh Jena, admitted that unauthorized construction has led to the beautiful pond becoming a stinking place. \"Around 60 per cent of the houses in Chintamaniswar were built on the encroached area of Bada Pokhari and residents now use the banks of the pond as a dumping yard,\" Jena said. \"Earlier, residents used the pond water for drinking purposes. But now, nobody would dare to do so with the polluted water. Drain-6, which was built by the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation, also runs through the area, compounding the problem,\" he added.\"Apart from environmental pollution, the polluted pond water is also contaminating ground water. This has added to the health hazard for residents in the area,\" the corporator said. He informed that BMC had given a proposal to the state government to build a catch-water tank on the west side of the pond. It will cost around Rs 8 crore. \"The tank can be used to filter water from the pond and thus reduce the pollution level. This water can then be used for domestic purposes by the residents,\" Jena said. He said Bada Pokhari water was also being used by Bhubaneswar railway station.Moreover, unplanned construction and sprouting shanties have reduced the covered drain-6 into a virtual road for residents. This had made it difficult to carry out cleaning of the drain.\"This is the down stream area and because of drain-6 and swelling of Bada Pokhari in rainy season, the internal roads remain filled with water leading to commutation problems. Since houses have been constructed on the path way of the drain, filth and dirt enters the houses,\" said Pitabasa Mishra, a resident.Jena said the then chief minister Biju Patnaik had proposed to convert the pond into a water park in 1991. Sources said there was an effort by BMC in 2009 to renovate 60 water bodies at a cost of Rs 53 crore. But the proposal remained in cold storage because of lack of central assistance and the state government's change of priorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17345991", "title": "CBSE to launch vocational courses in classes 9 &amp; 10", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will soon launch the National Vocational Educational Qualification Framework (NVEQF) in class 9 and 10 in schools all over the country, including the northeast in a bid to increase competency among students.The NVEQF will include courses in information technology, retail management, automobile, security and front desk management. The main aim of these vocational courses is to impart knowledge and training that will strengthen the core skills of students.CBSE regional officer K K Choudhury said, \"The newly framed curriculum can be taken up by students as additional subjects, but they should regard it as compulsory subjects as exams will be held on these subjects and the marks will be given in their final mark sheet.\"\"We are planning to implement these courses from this session itself. We have sent letters to all the schools in the northeast regarding the implementation of these vocational courses. We have received a response from 13 schools in the northeast,\" Choudhury added.Vocational courses for classes 11 and 12 have already been introduced, he said, adding that there are 34 vocational courses in classes 11 and 12, but this is the first time that vocational courses will be introduced in classes 9 and 10. \"We will be stressing on these two classes more,\" he said.\"The curriculum for these vocational courses is prepared keeping in mind the present job market. There is always a saturation point in the government sector. Around 94 per cent jobs available today are in the private sector. So students can start taking up vocational courses in classes 9 and 10 itself. Earlier, students could study these courses only after passing class 12, but now they can take up these courses in school itself,\" the regional officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346408", "title": "Dileep in and as Sound Thoma", "text": "After superhits 'Pokkiri Raja', 'Seniors' and 'Mallu Singh', hit filmmaker Vysakh's all set to begin work in his next 'Sound Thoma' that will have Dileep playing the titular character. The flick will go on floors on December 19 with the main location being Thoduppuzha.The out-and-out entertainer will have Dileep once again playing a naive Christian character as in the superhit Marykondoru Kunjaadu , which was remade in Hindi by Priyadarshan as Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal.Apart from Dileep, the starcast includes Namitha Pramod, Mukesh, Saikumar, Nedumudi Venu and Suraaj Venjaramoodu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342810", "title": "Cidco approves 50% funding of 12-car project", "text": "MUMBAI: The 12-car augmentation project on Harbour line is back on track. City Industrial and Development Corporation (Cidco) has approved funding the project in partnership with Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) on a 50:50 cost sharing ratio.On November 3, a resolution was approved by the Cidco board of directors. The project file has been placed before CM Prithviraj Chavan for approval to release funds (approximate Rs 350 crore).Tanaji Satre, managing director, Cidco, said, \"We will fund the project's CST-Panvel leg. A government resolution is likely to be issued after which funds for the project will be released in phases.\"Work includes extension of platforms from CST to Mankhurd and procurement of 153 coaches to upgrade the rakes to 12-car, increasing the carrying capacity by 33%.The MRVC has already finalized the tender but the state is yet to issue a resolution approving to share 50% of the project cost.A senior MRVC official said, \"The tender will lapse by December if the state does not issue the GR.\"A senior CR official said, \"There are challenges, especially at elevated platforms of Cotton Green, Sandhurst Road and Dockyard Road stations. Train services will be brought to a halt for some days between CST and Wadala. This is necessary to undertake remodeling of the yard to extend the Habour line platform at Masjid-end.\"Subodh Jain, CR GM, said, \"Initially, we plan to run 10-car services by attaching a coach to trains. Once approvals are received, platform extension work can be done in six months.\"The existing speed on Harbour line trains is 75 kmph- the maximum for older rakes that run on 1,500 Volt DC. But trains are unable to hit a maximum of 50 kmph due to stations being closer, presence of level crossings and sharing of the line with goods trains.The CR has plans to carry out trials at the speed to 80 kmph with older rakes and 100 kmph with new purple-white rakes in January 2013, provided the MRVC awards tenders for the Harbour line 12-car extension project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17347698", "title": "No plan to dump nuclear waste from Kudankulam plant in Kolar Gold Fields: Narayanasamy", "text": "CHENNAI: The Centre today made it clear there was no plan to dump Uranium waste from the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant in defunct gold mines at Kolar Gold Fields (KGF) in Karnataka.Amid media reports that Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd has decided to dump the uranium waste in KGF, minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy said the waste will not be taken to KGF.He also noted that the chances of getting nuclear wastes from the Kudankulam plant in Tamil Nadu were very less.\"I had spoken about this matter to Central minister K H Muniyappa (who hails from Kolar district) and also discussed with senior officials of my department. On behalf of the department, I strongly say that the Uranium waste will not be taken there\" he told reporters at the Airport here.Life came to a standstill in Kolar Gold Fields yesterday following a bandh call given by various political parties to protest the Centre's reported move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17348185", "title": "New breed of Kollywood actresses bet big on small", "text": "While the top actresses continue to shine, there's a growing breed of young, talented actresses who are making a mark with small films. If Lakshmi Menon's ( Kumki ) talent is being hailed by filmmakers, so is Tulasi Nair's ( Kadal ). However, there are some actresses who are taking it slow and steady in Kollywood. And it looks like the films they are working on could be their big ticket.Dhansika started out as one among the five girls in Jayam Ravi's Peraanmai and only now seems to have got her big ticket with Bala's Paradesi . It's being said that Bala wrote the role with the intention of getting Pooja a National Award but was replaced by Dhansika who has shot sans makeup and sans any training for the role.Another actress in Paradesi also believes this movie is her big break. Though Vedhika has worked with actors like Simbu and Arjun, she's yet to break into the big league. And she says confidently, \"This role is not anything like what I've done before. My look, my body language and even the way I talk, will shock the audience.\"Meanwhile, Bangalore girl Kavya Shetty is quite excited about her Tamil-Telugu debut. Playing the protagonist in Shivani, she says, \"This movie is a romantic horror-thriller and I have a performance-oriented role in this film. I am lucky enough to get such a role. Hopefully, it will do well and I get more offers in Tamil and Telugu.\"Another actress from Bangalore, Sanchita Shetty made her debut in K-Town two years back in a Jayam Ravi flick but has had a slow growth. She recently signed Soodhu Kaavum by the makers of the hit films, Attakathi and Pizza . \"I think I am growing step-by-step. I have listened to more than 25 stories but it depends on what movies you choose to do. I am very happy to have signed this project,\" she smiles.Monal Gajjar's a known name in Tollywood what with her recent release, Sudigadu (remake of Tamizh Padam ), getting her rave reviews. Now, having signed on Vanavaraayan Vallavarayan in Tamil, she could also be an actress to watch out for in K-Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346816", "title": "Jimi Hendrix's unheard tracks to be released in 2013", "text": "Twelve previously unreleased tracks by legendary guitarist Jimi Hendrix are to be released on a new album next year.The late musician's website said that the songs on 'People, Hell and Angels' were recorded in 1968 and 1969, the BBC reported.It is believed that Hendrix had intended the songs for 'First Days Of The New Rising Sun,' his follow-up to 'Electric Ladyland,' which he was working on when he died.The album is due to be released in the US on March 5, while a UK release date has yet to be set, the channel reported.The website said that the tracks suggest \"new, experimental directions,\" as he worked on material separate from the Jimi Hendrix Experience.It added that he explored \"fresh diversions from his legendary guitar work\", trying out horns, keyboards, percussion and a second guitar.Rolling Stone magazine revealed the new album's cover artwork on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344213", "title": "Dispersing Tadoba tigers to be radio collared", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time in the country, a massive exercise to study and understand the movement of tigers will be undertaken from next year. It entails radio-collaring a number of dispersing wildcats in and around Tadoba, in Chandrapur district.The Rs 1.70 crore project - long-term comprehensive monitoring of tigers, co-predators, and prey animals- has been approved for five years, beginning March 2013, but may be extended for another five if the need arises. The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) will chip in with Rs 1.15 crore while the rest of the funds will come from the Maharashtra government.At the last count, there were 65 tigers in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR, 625 sq kms) and its buffer area (1102 sq kms). An equal number is present in its landscape which covers a radius of 50-60 kms. With Tadoba being the breeding ground, a conservative guesstimate is that at least 5-7 tigers annually will be moving out to mark own territories. Cubs between 18 months and 2 years will be radio collared.Apart from the census which is undertaken every year to estimate the tiger population, no such exercise has ever been done in the country. \"The telemetry studies have been conducted by scientists not states and that too in bits and pieces,\" said K Ullas Karanth, the well-known wildlife expert, who did a study 1990-1996.He also named Raghu Chundawat, in the early 2000s, and WII's Dr YV Jhala, in Kanha, Sunderban and Panna, as the others who have conducted telemetry (radio-collaring) studies. Abroad, David Smith in the 1990s \"did a good radiotelemetry study of dispersal in Nepal\", Karanth informed.Jhala had radio-collared at least 10 tigers in Kanha tiger reserve in Madhya Pradesh out of which one tigress traversed almost 250km in 4 months to reach Pench in Maharashtra in December 2007.\"Scientist and expert on big cats from WII, Dr Bilal Habib will head the project,\" said SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra. The draft agreement between the three agencies is being readied.\"The plan is to study where the dispersing tigers go, breed and have their prey base,\" Naqvi told TOI.Pune's Yashwantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration (YASHDA) is already conducting study of tiger corridors. Naqvi said the organization's study is restricted to the corridors between Pench and Tadoba.Naqvi had been pursuing the project with NTCA since January but it was finally approved at a meeting in Delhi on October 2. \"With the study, we hope to take timely mitigation measures in case of serious issues like man-animal conflict,\" he said.Monitoring tigers* Study population dynamics of tigers in Tadoba, its buffer and adjoining landscape extending till Nagbhid-Bhiwapur-Umred.* Knowing occupancy, breeding, prey-base, ecology and corridors.* Dispersing tiger cubs from Tadoba will be radio-collared.* The project is for five years and will be extended for another five years if need felt.* Of the Rs 1.70 crore, NTCA to give Rs 1.15 crore while rest will be shared by state government.* The project will be launched between February and March 2013.Tass tigress shows the wayThe Tass (about 60 kms from Nagpur) tigress, which was rescued from an open canal well on October 13, 2011 and radio-collared before its release in the wild on November 27, seems to have shown the way. It was the first successful experiment in the country of a tigress being rescued and released successfully after collaring. The tigress had reached the doorstep of Tadoba reserve a month after its release. The radio collar has now fallen off after its shelf life of six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17344464", "title": "Howrah Municipal Corporation seeks report as lakhs still at peril", "text": "HOWRAH: So what if the \"treated\" water supplied by Padmapukur Water Works (PWW) to large belts of Howrah is \"unsafe\", the Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) will first choose to wait for the \"technical clarification\" from the PWW plant supervisor to the internal audit report before stepping in. The 15-day deadline for replies ends on November 27 and till then the people will have no other option but to use the water.Samir Saha, HMC MMiC (water supply), said: \"It is a serious matter. I don't know on what basis the report was done, neither am I a technical person to comprehend it properly. We have asked the plant supervisor to elaborate the deficiencies pointed out. Then we can take steps.\"Leader of opposition, Arun Roychowdhury, alleged: \"Till the HMC gets the replies, unravels it, people will continue drinking the contaminated water. Will the HMC take the onus if anyone falls sick drinking it meanwhile? And what technical details they want, the audit report has only said what is apparent to all.\"Howrah mayor Mamata Jaiswal refused to comment. She, however, held several meetings with MMiC Saha and water supply department officers throughout the day. Later, HMC commissioner Neelanjan Chatterjee said: \"Soon after the report was submitted, we had, on November 12, asked the HMC chief auditor Sujit Khan to seek a detailed reply from the PWW plant supervisor.\" Sources, however, said that the report was submitted on November 1 and the reply was sought on November 12.TOI, on Friday, reported that over 10 lakh Howrah residents living in wards 1 to 40 and 24 and 44 and parts of 41 drink this \"treated\" water every day.The report, prepared by the HMC's own audit wing, says, \"The bacteriological analysis report showed presumptive coliform count at 110/100 ml and faecal coliform count at 11/100 ml which were much higher than the optimum danger level\" and that \"no effective measures to tackle these dangers had been initiated and knowingly the authority had been playing with the health and lives of common people without any regrets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343051", "title": "Indian Mujahideen founder Amir Reza Khan still hiding in Pak: NIA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian Mujahideen (IM) founder Amir Reza Khan is still holed up in Pakistan , and has not shifted base to Luxembourg as suggested by certain reports.The Letter Rogatory (LR) sent to Luxembourg seeks details of some threat calls that have been traced to the European nation. Sources say these calls were most likely routed from Luxembourg, and not made from there.\"There is no information that Khan has moved out of Pakistan, and least of all to Luxembourg. Lashkar-e-Taiba is unlikely to have safe haven there because of the country's minimal relations with Pakistan. Luxembourg also has an extremely low population of Muslims,\" said an official from the security establishment.Luxembourg has largely remained out of terror crosshairs save for routing of funds as it is a tax haven.Sources in the National Investigation Agency (NIA) said that the LR has been sent in connection with some extortion calls received by businessmen in Kolkata from IM men. These calls are suspected to have been made at Khan's behest, and were allegedly routed from Luxembourg.\"Emails are routed via proxy servers, and IM men have been making calls routing them through different countries. We have similarly found several other threat calls made by IM from Germany and the UAE. The origin of these calls are being looked into,\" said an NIA officer.The case in connection to which the LR was sent relates to a south Kolkata businessman, who had lodged a complaint claiming that he received a threat call in 2010, asking him to pay Rs 20 crore or else be kidnapped.Kolkata Police's investigations had found that six local businessmen, including three shoe company owners and an hotelier, had also received extortion calls from IM.Making the calls on behalf of Khan, who hails from Kolkata and was one of the masterminds of the 2002 American Center attack, the IM men demanded hefty sums from entrepreneurs and threatened them that unless they pay, they would face a fate like that of shoe baron Partha Pratim Roy Burman, who was abducted in 2001. The calls were traced to Dubai, Karachi and Nepal.According to intelligence agencies, IM has been using extortion and ransom money to fund terror activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346354", "title": "Villagers intensify protests, threaten to move court", "text": "RANCHI: Villagers of Nagri who entered the fields on August 14 to plough the fields and sow paddy have started reaping the harvest. It all began last week when the security forces deployed on their fields to ensure smooth construction of the educational institutions raised an objection. \"We were told that since the government has acquired the land, we would not be allowed to enter it even to reap our harvest. But we decided to go there en-masse,\" said Vikas Toppo. Since then, the villagers have been going to reap the harvest collectively.Nandi Kachchap, one of the villagers and an active member of the committee protesting against land acquisition, said soon after the harvest season they would plough the fields for sowing Rabi crops such as gram and mustard.Asked if they will venture into the plot where the boundary wall for the Central Law University is being constructed, Kachchap said it is only when the paddy on the remaining portion of the plot is harvested that they will cross the boundary. \"By constructing a boundary wall, they cannot take away our land from us. If the government is trying to mislead the court, we are not going to sit idle,\" she said.One of their key activists Dayamani Barla is in jail in connection with the anti-government protests that she spearheaded. In her absence, villagers are organising their own meetings from time to time and have decided to approach the apex court once again with a fresh petition. \"Didi (Dayamani) is in jail but we seek her directions and soon after the harvest we plan to prepare a detailed petition against the acquisition to move the apex court,\" Kachchap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17342879", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPattu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 cries for visitors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 attention", "text": "JAIPUR: It was NREGA that weaned the artisans from the craft of 'Pattu' (a woolen fabric resembling tweed woven from sheep and camel hair). Pattu is a traditional textile craft of Barmer and Jaisalmer. But after disillusionment with NREGA, the artisans are once again trying to breathe life into this dying art. At Vastra 2012, 'Pattu' is crying for visitors' attention and facing tough competition in the current technology-driven industry.\"The Meghwal community with an aim to earn a quick buck had given up 'Pattu' weaving for NREGA. But today we have over 200 women, who have taken to the craft again,\" said Ekta Mathur from Samraddhi Foundation, which is making efforts to revive the art in collaboration with the Ministry of Panchayati Raj under the rural business hub scheme. Pattu-weaving, very popular in the 80s' till early 90s' gradually began to decline.\"NREGA was providing job guarantee to the artisans. They abandoned their craft in exchange for easy money till they realized that there was no work and no money. They worked for 2-3 hours daily but never got money on time as the contractors cheated them,\" said Padma Ram, who was himself a NREGA worker for two years but now a full-time artisan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347736", "title": "Why Esha Gupta had a low-key Diwali?", "text": "It has been a year of extreme professional high for Esha Gupta. However it's also been a year of personal loss. Esha Gupta, only last month, lost her grand-mom.The actress has tasted success pretty early in her career with superhits like Jannat 2 and Raaz 3 . In fact Bhatts consider her extremely lucky as she has given them two back-to-back hits and their first 100 cr film as well.She was planning to celebrate her success in a big way this Diwali. This is her first Diwali post her Bollywood debut and her entire family planned to celebrate in a big way. Unfortunately, her grand mom, who she was extremely close to, passed away just last month leaving her sad.Says Esha Gupta, \"It's been an extremely successful year with two back to back hits. My parents are extremely proud of me. But after all the excitement, when my granny passed away last month, I just wanted to quietly spend each and every holiday only with my family, at home\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343646", "title": "17,500 additional NCC cadets to add to UP's strength", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh National Cadet Corps (NCC) will get about 17,500 additional cadets. Out of total two lakh vacancies in the country, 17,500 vacancies have been approved for the state.Addressing mediapersons on the occasion of 64th Raising Day of NCC, Major General VM Kalia, assistant director general, NCC Directorate UP, said, \"The vacancies in the state will be filled in five phases. The first phase, for filling 3,250 vacancies, has been started in Noida. In the next phases, vacancies will be filled in Amroha, Jhashi and Shravasti.\" He added that over the years, the participation of girls in NCC has increased by about 30%. At present, about 1,22,300 cadets are being trained in NCC activities in the schools and colleges of the state.Talking about future plans, Major General Kalia said, \"We will be introducing our web page by next month. It will contain information on our programmes and activities.\"Meanwhile, Uttar Pradesh NCC Directorate is celebrating the 64th Raising Day of NCC from November 23 to 26. To celebrate the occasion, a ceremonial parade will be held at AMC Stadium, AMC Centre and College in Lucknow Cantonment by NCC Cadets on Saturday. The NCC parade will be followed by horse show jumping and cultural programmes. Aero and ship model will also be on display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342135", "title": "Southern Railway announces special trains prior to festivals", "text": "CHENNAI: To clear the extra rush of passengers during Christmas , new year, irumudi, thaipoosam and Pongal, southern railway has announced nine special trains to different southern districts.Nagercoil - Chennai Egmore weekly specials (T.No.06748), Chennai Egmore - Nagercoil Special (T.No.06747), Tirunelveli - Chennai Central Weekly Specials (via. Tiruchchirappalli, Erode) (T.No.06750), Chennai Central - Tirunelveli Superfast Special (T.No.06749), Tiruchchirappalli -Chennai Egmore Weekly Specials (via.Mayiladuthurai, Villupuram) (T.No.06802), Chennai Egmore -Tiruchchirappali Superfast Special (T.No.06801), Chennai Egmore- Tuticorin Weekly Specials (via.Villupuram, Mayiladuthurai) (T.No.06035), Tuticorin - Chennai Egmore Superfast Special (T.No.06036), Chennai Egmore- Coimbatore Weekly Specials (via.Villupuram, Vriddhachalam, Salem) (T.No.06037), Coimbatore - Chennai Egmore Special (T.No.06038), Chennai Egmore- Coimbatore Weekly Specials (via.Villupuram, Vriddhachalam, Salem) (T.No.06039), Coimbatore - Chennai Egmore Weekly Specials (via.Erode, Karur, Tiruchchirappalli, Vriddhachalam ) (T.No.06040), Chennai Egmore- Coimbatore Weekly Specials (via.Villupuram, Vriddhachalam, Tiruchchirappalli, Karur, Erode) (T.No.06041), Coimbatore - Chennai Egmore Weekly Specials (via. Salem, Vriddhachalam, Villupuram) (T.No.06042) are the special services announced on Friday.Advance reservation for the above train services will commence on Saturday.Cancellation and diversionMeanwhile, southern railway has cancelled six services and diverted three trains as the non-interlocked works are being taken up at Santragachi railway station in South Eastern Railway Zone. A railway press release said the maintenance and repair works are being carried out from March 22, 2013 to March 25, 2013.Tiruchchirappalli - Howrah Express (T.No.12664) scheduled to leave Tiruchchirappalli on March 22, 2013, Howrah - Tiruchchirappalli Express (T.No.12663) scheduled to leave Howrah on March 24 and pass through Chennai Egmore on March 25, Chennai Central - Howrah Mail (T.No.12840) scheduled to leave Chennai Central on March 22 and Howrah - Chennai Central Coromandel Express (T.No.12841) scheduled to leave Howrah on March 24, Chennai Central - Howrah Coromandel Express (T.No.12842) scheduled to leave Chennai Central on March 23 and Howrah - Chennai Central Mail (T.No.12839) scheduled to leave Howrah on March 24 are some of the services cancelled.Howrah - Puducherry Express(T.No.12867) scheduled to leave Howrah on March 24 and Puducherry - Howrah Express (T.No.12868) scheduled to leave Puducherry on March 27 have also been cancelled. Southern Railway has also cancelled Yesvantpur - Howrah Express (T.No.12864) scheduled to leave Yesvantpur on March 22 and Howrah - Yesvantpur Express (T.No.12863) scheduled to leave Howrah on March 24.And three express train services including Bangalore - Guwahati Express (T.No.12509) scheduled to leave Bangalore on March 22, Yesvantpur - Bhagalpur Anga Express (T.No.12253) scheduled to leave Yesvantpur on March 23, Dibrugarh - Yesvantpur express (T.No.15902) scheduled to leave Dibrugarh on March 22 will be diverted via Asansol, Adra, Gokulpur, Hijilli routes due to maintenance work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17347971", "title": "MES braces for another Mahamelava", "text": "BELGAUM: Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES) is bracing to organize Marathi Mahamelava, a show of strength in Belgaum on December 5, parallel to the state legislature session scheduled from December 5-13 at the newly constructed Suvarna Vidhana Soudha (SVS) building here.Leaders sought permission from the government to hold the meet at Lele Maidan submitting letters to DC Anbu Kumar and SP Sandeep Patil.MES had passed a resolution long ago on holding Mahamelava in Belgaum whenever the state government held sessions. Following this, meets were organized in 2006 and 2009. Both times they resulted in violence and damage to government and private properties. MES will invite all party leaders from Maharashtra including CM Prithviraj Chavan, industries minister Narayan Rane , former deputy CM Ajit Pawar and BJP leader Gopinath Munde. Speaking to TOI, former MLA Manohar Kinekar said over 25,000 people are expected to participate at the event this time.In 2009, the Yeddyurappa government had denied permission for the Mahamelava. But, as planned earlier thousands of MES activists rushed towards Lele Maidan where the programme was scheduled. Police blocked them outside while some were dispersed by lathicharge. Local leaders including former Union minister N D Patil were arrested on the occasion.The Kumaraswamy government had given permission for the meet in 2006. The controversial speech of then Maharashtra deputy chief minister R R Patil saw a series of protests and bandhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344304", "title": "Cops raid salon, rescue two girls", "text": "NAGPUR: The social service branch of city crime branch, in a joint operation with Sitabuldi police, busted a prostitution business run under the guise of a salon on the ground floor of Vidarbha Sahitya Sankul building at Jhansi Rani Square in Sitabuldi on Friday afternoon.The raid was conducted under the guidance of PI Kamal Jadhav, who has been targeting prostitution business run under banners of salon and parlours. In the operation, two victims were rescued and the salon owner Hemraj Mohdekar, a resident of Babulkheda, has been arrested. The salon was named as Hemraj professional salon.After receiving a tip off from secret sources, Jadhav sent a decoy customer to the salon. Later, on getting the confirmation signal from the decoy customer, cops raided the salon. Cash, liquor and other things worth Rs 4,000 were seized from the salon. In the past few months, Jadhav has exposed many flesh trade businesses run in the guise of parlours and salons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343249", "title": "'Film city will employ mining-affected'", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has come up with an innovative alternative for persons displaced by mining. Entertainment society of Goa (ESG) vice-chairperson and St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh said on Friday that the state is looking at developing a full-fledged film city with filming facilities and a convention centre as infrastructure for the International film festival of India (Iffi), where those affected by the mining ban will be absorbed.The facilities will be ready by 2014, he said.\"I have put in a proposal before the state government that we should develop filming facilities in Goa for the film industry in a major way. The work will soon begin in this direction, and we will also begin work on developing the film city soon. We want it to be complete latest by 2014. People affected by the closure of mining can be absorbed in this alternative industry,\" Wagh said.He said that two more multiplexes would also be set up in Goa by 2014 to support the film festival that Goa hosts s each year.\"We need to raise more infrastructure to support Iffi. Two more multiplexes will come up around Panaji. We will construct the big convention centre being planned, which can accommodate 2,500 people at a time. All these facilities will be ready latest by 2014,\" Wagh said.He said that numerous films and advertisements are being shot in Goa, but each time the needed equipment is brought from outside the state for lack of those facilities in Goa. Wagh said that this is a huge sector that can be tapped and that we are losing out on employment opportunities in it. Responding to a statement by mediapersons on no headway being made in the construction of the convention centre so far, Wagh said, \"One needs to understand that it was another government then. This is a new team. Manohar Parrikar had constructed the Inox multiplex within six months during his tenure, when he brought Iffi to Goa. He means what is says and believes in walking the talk,\" Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346986", "title": "ABVP to stage protest today at IIM-I", "text": "INDORE: Adding to the institute's woes, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) said it will stage a protest at IIM-I campus on Saturday against the frequent drug-related issues emerging in the institute.\"IIM-I is a world class institution, but incidents like use of drugs on campus have become regular. We have got information that area around campus has become hot-beds for drug peddlers.\" said ABVP secretary Nimesh Pathak.The institute has now formed a committee comprising students and teachers to keep an eye on the activities of the students in the hostel and also identify those who \"do drugs\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "khanty mansiysk", "code": "17347328", "title": "Harika loses first game of semifinals", "text": "KHANTY MANSIYSK: Grandmaster D Harika's title aspirations suffered a major blow as she lost to Antoaneta Stefanova of Bulgaria in the first game of the semifinal of World Women chess championship.Despite displaying top form so far, Harika could not get things moving well for her in the first game and went down rather easily.The next game is a must win for Harika as that's the only way to proceed to the tiebreaker with some respite.In the clash between Harika and Stefanova, there was a difference in approach as the Indian tried to make things happen, while the latter waited patiently for something to come her way. Eventually it did.Harika had slight initiative at the cost of a pawn. Normal play in the middle game would have yielded a decent result but in her bid to push for more, Harika went haywire with a piece sacrifice. The Bulgarian had to correctly calculate a few lines thereafter and she did not falter.Harika's attempts for further counter-play were met with cold-water treatment. This was not simply the day for the Indian star. Stefanova won in 39 moves.The Indian now faces a tall task. While the Bulgarian has seen this kind of pressure earlier as she had won the world championship in 2004, for Harika this is her maiden appearance in the semifinal.If Harika manages to win the return game against Stefanova, it will not only help her to remain in the event but will also boost her confidence as she has already made a comeback to beat Zhao Xue of China in the previous round.Another semifinal match between Anna Ushenina of Ukraine and Ju Wenjun of China ended in a draw and it gave the latter a slight upper hand in the return game.Anna tried to make a foray in the King's Indian defence game against Wenjun but she could not get any real advantage. The peace was signed in just 28 moves.The final will have four games in the $450000 championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346677", "title": "Keira Knightley prefers dark roles", "text": "Actress Keira Knightley says she prefers doing \"darker\" films.The 27-year-old, who has shown the dark side of her personality in movies including \"A Dangerous Method\" and \"Anna Karenina\", admits she always wants to challenge herself as an actor and she chose role accordingly.\"I try to do pieces that are as challenging to me as possible. Now one day that could be a romantic comedy or the Hollywood thriller that I'm currently doing ('Jack Ryan'), but lately they have taken a much more European, kind of a darker tilt,\" contactmusic.com quoted Knightley as saying.\"But it's been more about what I wanted to explore, the worlds I wanted to explore,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17344985", "title": "Man duped of Rs 3.5 crore", "text": "GURGAON: A man was duped of Rs 3.5 crore on the pretext of monthly committee installment scheme in DLF. The DLF-I police have lodged an FIR against a Faridabad-based person for cheating and fraud. Brahmprakash Yadav, who resides in Teekli village, has lodged a complaint with DLF-I police station. In his complaint he told police that he was running a monthly committee installment scheme in DLF area with some of his friends.Neerpal Kaushal, a resident of Faridabad, also became a committee member. After some months, he took the committee fund of Rs 3.5 crore, but he never deposited the money back. His mobile phone was found switched off.\"We have lodged an FIR against Neerpal Kaushal under section 406, 420 of IPC and are investigating the matter\", said ASI Balkishan, the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343931", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation starts structural audit of Taljai area", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) inspected 15 buildings on the first day of its structural audit of the Taljai area on Friday. Eleven people died in September after an unauthorised building in the area collapsed.Additional city engineer (building permission) Vivek Kharwadkar told TOI, \"The PMC has planned structural audits of all the buildings in the Taljai area. This is a safety survey, which will be carried out to check if the buildings are safe for accommodation.\"Kharwadkar said that there are around 200 buildings in the area. \"If a fault is detected in any building, we will ask the owners to take the necessary steps to resolve the problem.\"A team of architects and structural engineers will conduct the audit in two phases. The first phase will involve the physical scanning of the buildings, while actual repair work required will be carried out in the second phase.D M Khairepatil, a structural engineer who is heading the project, said that buildings have been selected on a random basis, looking at the probability of 'immediate endangerment'. Around 30 buildings will be scanned andThe auditors will submit a report on the buildings inspected to the PMC in 15 days. Eight structural auditors are working on this project.\"Internal and external conditions of the buildings will be audited. If the building is found to be unsafe, we will convey the issue to the owner as well as the PMC. We will carry out photo-mapping of these buildings to create a photographic database,\" Khairepatil said.He said auditors would check for faults such as cracks in buildings, brickwork, waterproofing and leaks. Dislocations and reinforcement of the buildings will also be checked.As per the structural auditing norms, such inspections must be carried out once in five years for buildings more than 20 years old and once in three years for buildings more than 30 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343816", "title": "Body of missing 5-yr-old boy found in Chinhat well", "text": "LUCKNOW: The body of five-year-old Siddharth Kumar, who was reported missing on Thursday, was found in a well in Chinhat area on Friday.The kid, according to the police, accidentally fell into the well while he was playing outside his home located at Goyla village in Chinhat. Family members of Siddharth went into panic mode on Thursday early noon, when he mysteriously disappeared.The family quizzed other people in the area, but everyone replied in the negative about whereabouts of Siddharth.The matter was taken to the Chinhat police station subsequently. The police filed first information report around 5.30 p.m. on Thursday and sent out an alert about a missing five-year-old. Meanwhile, family members, relatives and some benevolent people from the village continued to vigil the area till late night to locate the missing child.\"The village being surrounded by woods is prone to wild animals,\" said Ranjeet Singh, a resident of Chinhat area.On Friday morning, the swollen corpse of Siddharth was found inside the well situated few metres opposite his home. The semi-dry well (andha kuan) was not being used for a long time and villagers had got used to the presence of boundary-less well over the years, said the police.One of the family's well wishers peeped inside the well on Friday morning and saw the corpse. The villagers immediately pulled out the body, only to realise that they were too late to act.No external injuries were found on Siddharth's body and police ruled out any foul play in the matter. The father of the child, Vinod Kumar who owns agricultural land and is also a private building contractor, told the police that he too did not suspect anybody.The police have sent the Siddharth's body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342310", "title": "7 dacoits assault couple, 6-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: An old couple was assaulted and gagged along with their six-year-old grandson by a gang of seven dacoits who broke into their bungalow at Rewale village in Palghar on Thursday night.Devyani Vartak (60) sustained stab wounds on her waist while trying to resist them. The accused tied up Devyani, her husband Jaywant (65) and grandson Tanish before decamping with 250gm gold and cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346644", "title": "Cruise's 30 kgs costume takes a toll", "text": "Hollywood actor Tom Cruise's 30 kgs Robocop style costume for the movie \"All You Need Is Kill\", is taking a toll on his back.He needs breaks in between shots to breathe well enough, reports thesun.co.uk.A source from the crew of \" All You Need Is Kill \", being filmed in north London , said: \"Tom and the cast have been taking regular breaks as the suits are so heavy. In one scene they have to run nearly half-a-mile in the armour. It's taking them hours to recover.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345924", "title": "Cong slams BJP govt over land acquisition", "text": "BHOPAL: Opposition Congress on Friday accused Madhya Pradesh government of cheating farmers in the name of industrial development.Farmers whose land was being acquired for setting up industries were neither being paid adequate compensation nor given rehabilitation package, leader of opposition in the assembly Ajay Singh said in a statement here.He said the Shivraj Singh Chouhan Government should issue a white paper on the land acquired from farmers and tribals in the state from 2005 to 2012.The Chairman of the National Commission for SC/ST has written to Chouhan and expressed objection to the manner in which the land was being acquired from tribals in the state, the Congress leader maintained.Land acquisition for a private power project in Katni district has become a big issue in the state as the locals are opposing the move.The Commission Chairman has also pointed out that rehabilitation policy for the affected people, formulated in 2002, was not being followed properly, he said.Ajay warned that this may lead to an \"explosive\" situation in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345927", "title": "Investment firm decamps with money worth Rs 21L", "text": "BHOPAL: A private investment firm-RMP investment company Ltd- promising to double investments in 100 days duped local people and decamped with funds worth Rs 21 lakh parked by different investors. The company has shut its office and all its employees are missing.Police said the accused, a woman named as Fatima and her accomplice Gulfam, lured people to invest in the company promising to double investments in 100 days. The company operated till November last and suddenly closed office and operations thereon. The police registered a case, almost a year later, on Thursday after preliminary investigations.The complainant, Shabnam 30, a resident of Jinsi area in the state capital, stated that she had come in contact Gulfam and Fatima last year. The two introduced themselves as officials of RMP investment company private Ltd and lured her and her friends to invest in the company. They had an office near Lilly Talkies with complete setup and staff, the police added.Gulfam and Fatima who claimed to double the amount invested in 100 days also conducted seminar and meetings to associate more and more people with them. Police said that Shabnam had invested Rs 7.5 lakh. She was also asked to refer more people and she obliged by asking her family friends and relatives who invested about Rs 21 lakh in the company.Similarly, the company also duped other people and so far the forgery amount had gone up around to Rs 46 lakh, the police added. Of this the company has to still settle dues to the tune of Rs 21 lakh.Initially, the investors used to get cheques in a gap of every 10 days based on the sum invested by them. The practice continued for more than a month, but later the cheques stopped coming.After the company pulled down the shutter of office near Lilly talkies, the matter was reported to police. Around six months back, the matter was also brought into the knowledge of senior police officials during the public hearing.The police have registered a case of forgery in the incident and said efforts remain underway to nab the accused.In the last few years a large number of investment companies had duped people and vanished. On of them Al Fahad, had vanished from Bhopal in the year 2000 with investments worth crores of rupees from people belonging to BHEL and old Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342901", "title": "Versova murder: 1 more in police net", "text": "MUMBAI: The third accused was arrested on Friday in connection with the murder case of a Versova woman.Earlier, the police had arrested the sweeper and his accomplice in the case. The victim, Rubentina Fernandez (56), was found dead outside her flat at Versova's Mangola Sarvodaya society on Wednesday morning. Her husband Victor found the body after he got home from an errand. Rubentina's ornaments were missing. The accused, Vikram Singh (23), was arrested from Bandra (E) on Friday and the jewellery has been recovered. \"The sweeper, Vishal Ajit (20), roped in his friend Shivkamal Rajput (28) to burgle the Fernandezs' residence. They felt confident to carry it out since other flats on the floor are locked,\" said a senior police officer.Around 10am on Wednesday, Victor, on his way out, saw Ajit along with two persons near the building.He visited a doctor's clinic, a bank and returned after 30 minutes. He found his wife's body on landing of the seventh floor with serious injuries on her throat. Ajit and Rajput confessed to the crime , said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17344161", "title": "Bharathidasan University all set to develop new curriculum", "text": "TRICHY: Bharathidasan University has set in motion the process of developing a world class curriculum at the undergraduate (UG) and postgraduate (PG) level. The reshaping is considered to be long overdue and the university feels it is necessary to make the students competitive at the global level. The chairmen of all the board of studies (BOS) were invited to deliberate on the \"Reform of UG and PG Curriculum for Enhancing Employability\" where the vice-chancellor K Meena released the course material.\"Experiences of educational reform all over the world have shown that curriculum is at the same time policy and a technical issue, a process and product involving a wide range of institutions and actors,\" Meena said.The School of Life Sciences of Bharathidasan University was recently recognised as a Centre of Excellence in Life Sciences by the state government with a grant of Rs 1 crore. The mission was to provide world class education to students from rural and backward areas and marginalized families.BDU has created a \"world class curriculum development cell\" for 10 subjects to start with. They are biological and biotechnology sciences, nanosciences and technology, mathematical sciences, physical sciences, chemical sciences, computer science and information technology, managerial and business sciences, social sciences, Indian languages and foreign languages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17343532", "title": "Bones, horns of two gaurs found in Chorla ghat", "text": "KERI: The remains of two gaurs were found in the Chorla ghat area recently. While wildlifers think the bovines were killed by a tiger, forest officials disagree.On November 16, while on a nature trail through the area, volunteers of the Vivekanand Environment Awareness Brigade, Keri, found bones and horns of two gaurs on a plateau.\"We found the remains at two places. At the top of the plateau were the bones and horns of an adult gaur, at the foot of the plateau were the bones of a young gaur,\" said brigade volunteer Vitthal Shelke.Keri-based Dasharath Morajkar added, \"Locals told us that the gaurs had been killed by a tiger.\"Nirmal Kulkarni, a wildlifer working in the Mhadei region who often camps in the ghat, told TOI, \"The gaurs were certainly killed by a tiger as we found pugmarks of the big cat in the vicinity.\"He added that though gaurs are the largest bovine in the world and possess heavy bodies, in conflicts with the big cat they often fall victim.Forest officials shot down the tiger angle though. \"I have visited the site and it appears that there was a fight between two gaurs that resulted in the death of the adult gaur. Though the area does have the presence of tiger, this gaur was not killed by a tiger,\" said Paresh Porob, range forest officer, Mhadei wildlife sanctuary.Speaking about gaurs in general, volunteer Shelke said the ghat area was a favourable natural habitat for these bovine. With grass, young bamboo-shoots, leaves and tree barks their food, gaurs are seen mainly in tropical forests and forage from late evening to early morning in glades and open meadows.\"We saw a glossy black adult male gaur on the plateau during our trail,\" beamed Shelke.Gaurs, in the past, have fallen in large numbers to rinderpest (cattle plague) and foot-and-mouth disease-both allegedly transmitted by domestic cattle grazing in forest areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17345972", "title": "State launches drive to increase awareness about child rights", "text": "RANCHI: To increase awareness about the rights of children and crime against them, the State Commission for Protection of Child Rights has launched a week-long campaign in 10 districts on November 14.A campaign vehicle was flagged off for the same by minister for social welfare, women and child rights Bimla Pradhan. The commission also engaged two NGOs, Save the Children and Bhartiya Kisan Sangh, for this purpose. Distributing pamphlets, banners, putting up posters and street plays were adopted to spread the awareness.\"During the campaign in 15 panchayats, 25,000 households, 25 schools and government offices were covered. People were also made aware about the tollfree number 1098 of Childline in which they can register their complaints in connection with child rights abuse. We emphasized on the right to education of children under the Right to Education Act. \"Education is the centre point which if spread properly can put an end to many social problems like trafficking and child labour,\" said commission member Sanjay Mishra.He said during the campaign they came to know about cases of missing children in these districts. \"We have received 22 cases of missing children for which we have decided to report the matter to police and the CID which will file a report against the miscreants and action will be taken. With their help action will be taken on the middlemen as well.\"Abhijeet Nirmal, state manager of Save the Children, said, \"I would suggest that the commission interact with the children concerned before framing policies for them. That will help the members know the problems faced by them more closely.\"Minister Pradhan said, \"The government is making efforts to implement the RTE Act by March 2013 especially for such children who are victims of child labour and trafficking. By the end of December, we have also planned to launch a campaign to make the state trafficking free for which things have to be worked out with other members.\"A child has a full right to lead a good life, she said. The upbringing of a child is such a responsibility where the parents play a major role in sending their wards to schools rather than making them work. \"The RTE Act is important in that way where there will be tabs on such parents who will not send their wards to schools will be fined. Preventing trafficking is very important task in hand where we need to work hard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343871", "title": "Court summons DIG (CBI), officers probing NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has summoned DIG (CBI) and all investigating officers probing financial anomalies in NRHM and related murders of chief medical officers Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh on December 11 to explain as to why the probes are not coming to any logical end even after lapse of considerable time.The order came from the bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice Anurag Kumar, monitoring the probes, which had been entrusted to the central agency more than a year ago. The court expressed displeasure that even after repeated assurances and last opportunity, the CBI was not able to make much headway into the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344708", "title": "Govt should ensure smooth implementation of cash transfer scheme", "text": "The government clearly believes that cash transfers can be a game-changer. In theory, they would indeed appear to be justified in this view. However, whether the practice lives up to the theory is what will ultimately determine how much of a game-changer this move is and whether the change is for the better or for worse. That is why it is important that the government acts as soon as possible to even out the more obvious glitches to smooth implementation of cash transfers, like a large proportion of the population having neither identification documents nor bank accounts. This is particularly true of the poorest sections, who really ought to be the main beneficiaries of the government's welfare programmes.Related story:  Cash transfer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d UPA-2's game changer?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343242", "title": "Rajasthan plans alternate livelihood for bidi workers", "text": "JAIPUR: The 'bidi' manufacturing sector in the state is set to face a setback following the state government's decision to provide alternate means of livelihood to workers involved in tobacco manufacturing.In the first meeting of the state level coordination committee (SLCC) for tobacco control on Friday, discussions were held with various government departments, including labour department representatives, on ways to link these workers with the state-run employment schemes. The meeting was chaired by additional chief secretary, forest and environment V S Singh.The state government is also planning to impose a ban on plucking of tendu leaves. The dried tendu leaves are used in wrapping tobacco to manufacture bidis. Tendu trees are found in Udaipur district while the bidi rolling work is done in Tonk and Sawai Madhopur districts.Representatives of 11 departments including, education, finance, medical and health, agriculture and labour took part in the meeting and to decide on the respective department's role in successful implementation of the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) 2003.The labour department has been asked to step up efforts to link the labourers, currently involved in bidi manufacturing, with other livelihood schemes like handicrafts manufacturing, Singh said.Various other decisions were taken to discourage smoking and chewing of tobacco in the state. Among them, the foremost was to penalize government employees and officials found consuming tobacco in public places or at government offices. Appropriate action would be taken against them as per the COTPA Act.Singh said that Rajasthan is the first state in the country which has not only constituted an SLCC, but also taken major decisions on tobacco control.Stress was laid on ways to generate public awareness, including school children, on ill-effects of tobacco consumption. One of the ways, the meeting decided on, was to make it mandatory for schools to print harmful effects of tobacco consumption on the back cover of notebooks. On the provisions of penalties and punishment for violation of COTPA, principal secretary health Deepak Upreti said managers of public places must stick on the entrance of the building a warning on 60x30 cm white colour board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342392", "title": "Poor roads, potholes make life challenging for Avadi residents", "text": "CHENNAI: Several residents, including employees of nearly a dozen defence establishments, in Avadi, around 25km north-west of Chennai, are finding life difficult because of the poor roads in the area.Travelling on the link roads connecting the many defence establishments has became a Herculean task because of the large potholes, say residents. More than a dozen officials of defence units, who travel to work on two-wheelers, have been injured in less than a month on these stretches.\"Last week, a colleague who is disabled was injured after his bike skidded on a link road and he fell down. It took a week for him to recover,\" said a defence official. For years, these roads have remained sandy and poorly illuminated.The Combat Vehicles Research and Development Establishment, the Heavy Vehicles Factory, Engine Factory and Ordnance Cloth Factory, each with about 4,000 employees, are some of the defence units in the area. There is also a Central Reserve Police Force unit, Directorate-General of Quality Assurance unit and a military hospital. There are a few Kendriya Vidyalayas, each comprising around 2,000 students, there.The most-affected stretches connecting the defence units and schools are HCF Main Road, Murugappa Polytechnic Road and OCT Road which are also vital links between interior villages and the city. Because of the bad roads, which result in frequent breakdowns, MTC has reduced the number of services to these villages by half. Each of these roads is around 200 metres long and 30 feet wide. \"Repeated representations to Avadi municipality officials have been in vain,\" said a defence unit official.When contacted, officials of the Avadi municipality said there were 1,960 streets within its jurisdiction. Of the 75 stretches taken up for improvement at an estimated 4.95 crore, 15 had been re-laid under the Road Development Project. The rest will be completed soon, they said. \"We have received complaints from staff of defence units and from other residents. Steps will be taken to re-lay these stretches,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17348016", "title": "Mangalore University launches blood donors' group", "text": "MANGALORE: The departments of mass communication and journalism (MCJ) and master of social work of Mangalore University (MU) launched Blood Donors' Group , a network of blood donors on its campus in Mangalagangothri near here on Friday.The group will have the names and phone numbers of students and faculties of MU, who have voluntarily registered their names to donate blood any time. At present, more than 200 people have registered their names.As part of the inauguration of the group, MU in association with Lions, Lioness and Leo Club of Mangalagangothri and Indian Red Cross Society of India organized a blood donation camp and more than 100 people donated blood.\"Blood donation is the greatest of all services as it saves lives,\" said Dr M Shantharam Shetty, pro-chancellor of Nitte University at the inauguration of the group.TC Shivashankara Murthy, vice-chancellor of Mangalore University said, \"About 65 per cent of Indian population is below 35 years age. Youngsters have to come forward to donate blood.\" Professor GP Shivaram, convener, BDG and faculty of the department of MCJ said the motto of establishing such a group is to provide blood to the needys. \"Blood donation is the greatest community service and BDG is a platform for students to donate bloods,\" he added. Contact: 9448450150 / 0824 - 2287382.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17346428", "title": "Infosys invited to set up campus in Mohali", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab government invited country's leading IT player Infosys to set up a campus in Mohali.Infosys, however, did not commit any fresh investment in Punjab, but assured to \"look at\" the state's offer.\"We want that Infosys should set up an IT project here... You need to put up a campus here (in Mohali),\" Punjab IT Minister Adaish Partap Singh Kairon told Infosys Executive Co-chairman S Gopalakrishnan at an IT event here today.Responding to Kairon's request, Gopalakrishnan said: \"...We will look at it (the offer)..I cannot comment on it (now but) all I can say is that we will continue to expand in this region.\"The Punjab government offers to provide 100 acres of space to Infosys in Mohali adjoining Chandigarh in order to help the company to expand in this region because of presence of airport, improved road network, social infrastructure and renowned educational institutions in the district.\"We can easily give 100 acres of land to Infosys as we have proposal to set up IT park over 600 acres of land in Mohali and out of which 83 acres of land has already been acquired and we will be able to handover the land in one year's time,\" state-owned Punjab Infotech Managing Director Anurag Verma said here.Infosys is having a 30 acres campus at Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park in Chandigarh with over 6,000 employees. The company clocked IT exports of about Rs 1,300 crore from Chandigarh and posted growth of 25 per cent in last fiscal.Despite inviting major IT companies like TCS , Wipro for the last few years, the Punjab government has not been able to attract major player in IT space which can further fuel investments from small and medium enterprises.In a bid to woo IT investments, the state government is offering to provide sufficient land at \"cheaper\" rate with high Floor Area Ratio (FAR) for expansion and state-of-the-art infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342311", "title": "Stir may hit oil, grain supply next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The availability of food grains, rice, and oil in the city could be affected in the coming week.Protesting against raids carried out by the rationing controller, about 850 licence holders of the Grain , Rice and Oilseeds Merchants' Association (GROMA), who operate from the APMC market in Vashi, have threatened to sit on an indefinite strike from November 26. Many city traders procure these items from Vashi merchants.The GROMA honorary secretary Popatlal Bhandari told TOI that a token strike would first be observed on Monday. \"We will launch an indefinite strike from the very next day if are demands are not met,\" he cautioned.Vegetable supplies may be affected on November 26 and November 27 as Bhandari claims that vegetable and onion market licence holders would participate.In a letter to CM Prithviraj Chavan, the association has objected to the action (raids and confiscation of commodities) by the rationing controller's office.Rationing controller Ashwini Joshi said that the raids were carried out on the basis of information of large scale hoarding. Joshi added that during the raids, it was found that a number of traders had stored food items at warehouses that were not notified to her office as required by law. She added that raids were within the ambit of law.Bhandari said that technical deficiencies instead were the bane for most of the raided traders. Refuting the hoarding charge, he added that permitted quantity was stored in warehouses with prior permission of the market committee.The rationing controller's office acted against 315 traders in two raids in July and November. Almost 14 lakh quintal food items worth crores was confiscated. Bhandari said that a large quantity of confiscated items was yet to be released. Joshi however argued that the affected merchants had been granted hearings. She added that the government had been lenient in not filing an FIR.The food and civil supplies department justified the raids. The CM refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17346034", "title": "Three car lifters nabbed in Barpeta", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city police on Friday succeeded in nabbing three car lifters in two separate operations with the help of their counterparts in Barpeta district.The car lifters, identified as Ramjan Ali (33), Sahidul Alam (24) and Hafizur Rahman (22), not only stole a vehicle from the city's Hatigaon area, but also killed Mazidul (22), the driver of the vehicle, in the course of the crime.According to Hatigaon Police, the three hired the vehicle to travel to Meghalaya on November 14, but they killed the driver on the way and ran away with the vehicle. The Meghalaya Police found the body of the driver from the Nongpoh area in Meghalaya on November 16.\"On November 16, the owner of the vehicle, Abidur Rahman, lodged a complaint. We were investigating the case and then traced the driver's body in Meghalaya. Another person may also be involved in the crime,\" said a policeman at Hatigaon PS.The crime branch added that there are active rackets operating in Guwahati-Meghalaya, who lure drivers of travel agency with money and then kill them on the way and run away with the vehicle. \"This is a dangerous trend. We are discussing the issue with travel agents,\" said a senior crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344179", "title": "Former Brazilian president Lula backs permanent UNSC seat for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Brazilian president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva called for a new global governance that recognized the greater prominence of developing countries like India and Brazil. Lula, as he is popularly called, said that this included a permanent seat on the United National security Council for a Latin American country, an African country and India. \"This is not the world that was at the end of World War II,\" Lula said in his Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture on Friday evening.UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, who introduced him, praised his rise from a shoeshine boy at the age of 12 to a much-loved two-term President, and used US President Barack Obama's words to describe him as \"the most popular President in the world.\"Speaking in Portuguese, Lula recalled the two countries' common stands at multilateral institutions in the past, including at the World Trade Organisation , and at climate change summits. He said that the Non Aligned Movement, which of late has been derided as an anachronistic gathering, had not only played an important role in its time but its principles remained fair and balanced; \"history must do justice to NAM's legacy,\" Lula said.Speaking of the economic crises in the US and the Eurozone, Lula said that bailouts were given to banks and companies, while there had been no bailing out of the common people. \"History has shown that austerity is not only bitter, but ineffective,\" Lula said. \"It is painful to watch the hopelessness of people in these countries, especially of the young,\" he said. Meanwhile structural errors like a deregulated banking system and financial speculation had not been addressed, Lula said.Recalling that Nehru had said that crises force us to think, Lula said that it was time for a new compact between developing countries and financial institutions. \"The world political order must reflect new realities,\" said Lula, adding that this new compact be based on the principle of inclusion. Lula spoke of the success of the Bolsa Familia conditional cash transfer project in Brazil, and said that he was proud of the historic social mobility that the bottom 50 per cent of Brazil was able to achieve under him \"A similar path is being followed in India,\" Lula said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17345947", "title": "Training programme for coolies held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In view of Mahakumbh, railways and tourism department jointly conducted a training programme for coolies at Allahabad railway junction on Friday. About 60 coolies participated in the programme.They were given information about the famous tourist spots of the city and told to interact with the tourists and give them vital information.Railway administration and the tourism department are of the view that tourists arriving in this city from trains have the first interaction with coolies. If coolies of Allahabad will inform them about the tourist spots and famous places of the city, it would help the latter to visit such places easily.On the second day of training on Saturday, coolies would be given training on first aid. They will also be trained in communication skills, general behaviour, body cleanliness and customer service through various activities.During the training programme, senior divisional commercial manager of NCR Vijay Kumar , NCR chief public relations officer Sandeep Mathur, station manager Girish Kanchan , tourism information officer Vishal Srivastava were present. During the next session of training programme, another batch of 60 coolies will be trained on November 29 and 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343744", "title": "5th annual celebration of Queer Pride in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Tushar says his friends accept him as he is, but his family is unaware and his brother simply doesn't care. This UP native, who identifies himself as a queer boy, is pursuing his BA in Media Studies and Psychology from a Bangalore college.\"Friends don't see my sexuality as a hindrance in befriending me. The fact that I stay in a hostel speaks for itself. As for my family, my parents are unaware of it,\" said Tushar as he spoke about the acceptance levels in society for people from the LGBT community.Tushar and many more are volunteers of Coalition for Sexual Minority Rights (CSMR). They are participating in the 5th annual celebration of Queer Pride in Bangalore.\"The agenda is to get inclusive and make more people understand the LGBT community,\" said Vinay Chandran, volunteer, CSMR. Kicking off the Transgender Day of Remembrance with a candlelight vigil in their memory) on Friday, a series of events are lined up to highlight the importance of understanding nuances about this community. As volunteers put it, Pride celebration is an opportunity to reject the invisibility marginalization. \"It's about telling the world that we exist, affirm our right to determine our lives and lend courage to millions more who are too scared or intimidated to accept their own sexuality,\" said a community member, preferring anonymity.\"It's about telling the world that we exist, affirm our right to determine our lives and lend courage to millions more who are too scared or intimidated to accept their own sexuality,\" said a community member, preferring anonymity.A 'taboo' photo exhibit was inaugurated at 1, Shanthi Road, on Friday evening, featuring works of Indu Antony, Sandeep Mahajan and Sindhu Sarathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344166", "title": "Jharkhand stir threatens Punjab power plants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power production in Punjab, which is already facing a shortage, may be hit further due to a local agitation that has stopped mining and loading operations at its coal mines in Jharkhand since November 16.A sudden power shortage in Punjab has implications for the northern grid as it would spark additional electricity demand from the state.Unconfirmed reports said the agitators on Friday agreed to discuss their demand with the Panem Coal Mines Ltd, a joint venture of the Punjab State Electricity Board and Kolkata-based EMTA Group. But industry sources said it would be days before normal supplies are restored, even if the stir was called off now.Panem supplies about 7 million tonnes of coal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d good enough to generate over 2,000mw \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Pachwara mines for supplying Punjab's various power stations. The company has written to the Punjab government about the \"critical situation\" and the possibility of supplies being hit \"for days to come\" due to the agitation that has been on for over a week.Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik leader and former CM Babulal Marandi has been leading the agitation, seeking a tripartite agreement among the agitators, the state government and the mining company guaranteeing completion of all rehabilitation measures for displaced people.The agitators have said Panem was yet to deliver the rehabilitation package in full. The company, in its letter to the Punjab government, claimed its rehabilitation package was \"one of the best\" in the country and approved by both the state and Central governments.Stating that Marandi has been \"thoroughly misinformed\", the company has told the Punjab government that \"the rehabilitation package and its implementation schedule has been appreciated by a committee set up by the Government of India,\" and the local villagers were \"extremely happy and satisfied\" with the economic and social benefits from the mining project.Despite repeated attempts, Marandi, however, could not be reached for his comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346566", "title": "Youth attacks gang man for lowering barricades", "text": "LUDHIANA: A young man attacked the gang man on duty at the Shastri Nagar railway crossing, leaving him injured.Gang man Sukdev Singh was lowering the barricades on the crossing around 1:30 pm on Friday when a man in an Innova car tried to rush through before the barricades came down. However, the barricade hit his car.The accused reacted by beating up the gang man. He fled from the spot but the injured gang man could not open the barricades to let traffic through. The crossing was opened at the intervention of the police.Railway Protection Force inspector Jaswant singh said, \"We have impounded the car of the accused who has not been identified. He has been booked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17343967", "title": "Burglar nabbed after nine years", "text": "NAGPUR: The local crime branch of rural police has arrested a burglar wanted in a couple of cases. He had committed the burglaries in Kamptee and Ramtek in 2003.Yogesh Pakmode remained elusive. The LCB squads, under senior PI Rajan Pali and PSI Arvind Saraf, had laid a trap for Pakmode after learning that he was driving an auto-rickshaw on the stretch between Jaitala and Jhansi Rani Square.The cops later handed over Pakmode to Ramtek police. He was also taken into custody by the Kamptee police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342843", "title": "Maps on Chinese passports claim Arunachal, India protests", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the recent quiet over territorial issues, New Delhi and Beijing are back to bitter one-upmanship which started with China's newly launched e-passports showing Arunachal Pradesh and Aksai Chin in J&K; as parts of China. India has responded by not just registering a strong protest with China but by also imprinting its own map on visas that are issued to Chinese nationals.The watermark on China's e-passports depicting its map is not specific to India and has ended up offending most of its neighbours by showing disputed islands in the South China Sea as Chinese territory. Vietnam and the Philippines have officially let their displeasure known to Beijing.\"We are not prepared to accept it,\" said foreign minister Salman Khurshid on Friday evening. \"We, therefore, ensure that our flags of disagreement are put out immediately when something happens. We can do it in an agreeable way or you can do it in a disagreeable way,\" he added.Government sources said that they noticed these e-passports a few weeks ago after which they took up the matter with the Chinese foreign ministry describing the development as unacceptable. \"It was when nothing happened that we informed them that if this practice continues, we will respond to it by putting our map on visas which we give to Chinese nationals,\" said an official source.A Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson said that the issued needed to be dealt with in a \"level-headed and rational manner\".\"Hope the countries regard it in a cool-headed manner. China would like to maintain communication with other counties to ensure convenience of travel for both Chinese and foreigners,\" she said in Beijing.Even earlier China repeatedly issued stapled visas to residents of J&K;, terming it as a \"disputed territory\" and denied visas to those hailing from Arunachal Pradesh. On Thursday, the government had said in Parliament that China continues to be in illegal occupation of approximately 38,000sq km in J&amp;K.;\"In addition, under the so-called 'Sino-Pakistan Boundary Agreement of 1963', Pakistan illegally ceded 5,180 sq km of Indian territory in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir to China,\" junior foreign minister E Ahmed had said in reply to a written question.\"Government is aware that Pakistan and China are executing projects in Indian territories under illegal occupation of those countries. Government keeps a constant watch on all developments having a bearing on India's national interest and takes all necessary measures to safeguard it,\" he had added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17347874", "title": "Interceptor missile test-fired off Odisha coast", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bolstering its defence capabilities, India on Friday successfully test-fired a ballistic interceptor missile, capable of destroying an enemy missile, from a test range off the Odisha coast.The indigenously developed missile, which would help India shield itself against foreign missiles, hit the target at around 12.52 pm at an altitude of about 15 km, a DRDO spokesman said.Sources said a modified surface-to-surface Prithvi missile was used as incoming enemy weapon. It was launched from a mobile launcher at around 12.52 pm of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Chandipur-on-Sea, about 170 km from here. The interceptor, Advanced Air Defence (AAD), took off from the Wheeler Island, around 70 km from Chandipur, on Bay of Bengal and destroyed the hostile missile mid-air within four minutes, sources added.DRDO sources said the interceptor, which is a 7.5 metre-long single-stage solid rocket propelled guided missile equipped with a navigation system, a hi-tech computer and an electro-mechanical activator, could learn the location of incoming missile with the help of tracking radars.The interceptor has its own mobile launcher, secure data link for interception, independent tracking and homing capabilities and sophisticated radars, sources added.On February 10, DRDO had conducted a successful trial of the interceptor missile from Chandipur. In September, India successfully test-fired Agni-IV, a strategic missile with a strike range of around 4,000 km, from Wheeler Island on Bay of Bengal off the Odisha coast. Before that, in April, India had joined a select band of countries by successfully test firing its 5000-km range nuclear-capable Inter- Continental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) Agni-V.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347444", "title": "Phata Poster Nikla Hero first look", "text": "The first look of Ileana's upcoming Bollywood film 'Phata Poster Nikla Hero' has been unveiled. Touted to be a dull fledged masala entertainer will the right blend of romance and action, this film is being directed by Rajkumar Santoshi of Azab Prem Ki Gazab Kahani fame. While Shahid Kapoor is playing the role of a cop, Ileana will be seen as his love interest in the film.After a dream debut with Barfi, she has pinned all the hopes on Phata Poster Nikla Hero as this is the only flick she signed till date in Bollywood. Ileana's career will be in doldrums if she can't bag some good projects in Hindi Film Industry soon. Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17347364", "title": "STF nabs wanted criminal", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi field unit of Special Task Force (STF) succeeded in nabbing a notorious rewarded criminal along with his aide in Sarnath area in early morning on Friday. The arrested criminal Mahendra Rajbhar, who carried a reward of Rs 25,000, had been absconding for last two years.According to reports, acting on a tip off the STF team led by the Dy SP Durgesh Kumar waited near Shakti Peeth on Faridpur-Pokhta Road in Sarnath area.Around 4.15 am they noticed two persons coming from Faridpur side. When the police tried to stop them the miscreants opened fire on police and started fleeing. But, soon they were caught. The police recovered a pistol and a country made pistol along with 12 live cartridges, nine used cartridges and two magazines from them.They were identified as Mahendra Rajbhar, native of Dharsauna village under Cholapur police station, and Shiv Prakash alias Babloo Rajbhar, native of Chhotalalpur village under Cantonment police station.During interrogation Mahendra revealed that currently he was living in Hariyana and Delhi, and had come to Varanasi on an assignment of contract killing.The police, however, did not disclose the name of Mahendra's target. According to police, a total of 21 cases were registered with different police stations in Varanasi and Jaunpur districts, and he was wanted in nine cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342291", "title": "Rubber mats with fake ISI seals seized", "text": "CHENNAI: Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), Southern Regional Officials on Friday conducted a raid in a electrical rubber mat unit near Broadway and seized fake products.In a press release, BIS officials said that the raid was conducted in Dee Pee Industrial Enterprise near Broadway. A senior official said the unit was found to be misusing ISI marks.Electrical rubber mats are commonly used in power generation plants and workshops as flooring to as a protection against electrical shock.\"These electrical rubber mats should have high quality raw materials to ensure protection. But there are many illegal units producing fake electrical mats,\" the official said.Officials said that the offence is punishable with imprisonment up to one year or a fine of up to 50,000 under the BIS Act, 1986. BIS officials urged the public to report misuse of the ISI mark on any product to the BIS southern regional office, CIT Campus, 4th Cross Road, Taramani.People can also e-mail such complaints to sro@bis.org.in or call 044-22541220 to register their complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17344045", "title": "Unofficial list confirms presence of PoWs in Pak", "text": "AMRITSAR: The return of Bulandshahar resident Rafi-u-Deen from Pakistan jail has rekindled the hopes of Satya Kaur and Kanta Kumari that their husbands Sepoy Mangal Singh and Sepoy Ram Das, respectively, who were declared martyr during 1971 war would come back, too.Hoping against hope, both of them believe that their husbands are still alive in Pakistan as they had heard them on radio in 1972. But when Rafi-u-Deen arrived back from Pakistan jail on September 26, their belief was cemented as he brought along a list of 15 Indian prisoners waiting for their release even after completion of their terms, which included the names of Mangal Singh and Shiv Kumar.\"I was brought to Kot Lakhpat jail, Lahore, from Karachi Jail on September 21, 2012, I spent five days in jail where an inmate known as KK handed over a list of prisoners who were waiting to be released,\" said Rafi-u-Deen while talking to TOI on Friday. He, however, said he didn't personally meet any of the prisoners whose name were included in the list.\"Why is government not acting now, what more proof do they need to save my husband, at least to begin some initiative at diplomatic level,\" said Satya Kaur.Kanta said it couldn't be a mere coincidence that both of them heard their husbands' voices on a radio show relayed by Pakistan in 1972. Kumari was 17 years of age when she was married Ram Das and could not even spend a year with him as the war began. She said her husband Ram Das was a gunner (technical assistant) with 943/940 Nentan Regiment. He was part of the Mukti Vahini and was posted at the Eastern border during the 1971 Indo-Pak conflict. She said she was expecting when she received a telegram informing that Das was killed on November 14, 1971. But on January 25, 1972 she heard a familiar voice on Pakistan radio, saying he was Ram Das and informed his residential address and stated that he was captured by the Pakistan Army. \"The announcement on radio changed my life as my husband was still alive,\" she said.Similarly, Satya Kaur said she had also heard her husband Mangal Singh's voice on Pakistan radio, who identified himself as Sepoy Mangal Singh and told her and children's name besides his Army number. Like Kanta, Satya Kaur said on November 27, 1971 she was informed by Army that her husband who was posted with 14 Punjab had died.Now, Kanta's 40-year-old son Shiv Kumar is working with Punjab Police and Satya's son Daljit Singh is a taxi operator.Daljit Singh said he had been running from pillar to post to get to know about the whereabouts of his father. \"About 12 years ago an Indian spy, Rup Lal, who was freed from Pak jail, confirmed that he had met Mangal Singh in Multan jail. He also confirmed his address and body features which resembled my father's but refused to state this before any government official,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344813", "title": "Fake foreign admission: Man duped 25, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for allegedly offering fake admission consultancy and promising at least 25 aspirants admission to top universities in New Zealand, Singapore, India, Spain, the UK and other EU nations.The accused, Peeyush Bharat Saini (43), a resident of Paschim Vihar, had initially asked them to pay between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 45 lakh for 'genuine' documents, but later said their admission had been cancelled 'on technical grounds'. Saini used to promise admission in MBBS/MD/MS/MDS/engineering courses.Saini was nabbed by the crime branch's anti-extortion cell. He had accepted money from a retired professor of Punjab University on the pretext of getting his grandson admitted in an MBBS course at Pune's Bhartiya Vidyapeeth. DCP, crime, SBS Tyagi, said Saini is from Roorkee's Teliwala. \"He came here in 1993 for a diploma course in south Delhi but could not pass the exam. He then finished his graduation from Delhi University and started cheating innocent students assuring them admission in engineering diploma courses. In 1994, he set up shop at 5/11, Safdarjung Enclave and launched his racket,\" Tyagi said. Saini was booked for the first time in a cheating case in Sarojini Nagar in which he had allegedly accepted Rs 1.5 lakh for admission in an engineering course, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094584", "title": "30 Things that make Mr Perfect", "text": "A new survey has shed light on 30 must have qualities that women seek in their ideal man.For a start, women want him to be earning a well-above-average 48,000 pounds a year. And he is expected to love shopping and watching TV soaps, the Daily Star reported.The survey, for clothing store Austin Reed, revealed that the ideal partner checklist also includes having a stylish dressing sense and a hair-free chest.The list includes:Six foot tall.Muscly, toned and athletic.Brown eyes.Short, dark hair.Smart dress sense.Stylish.A beer or lager drinker.A non-smoker.Wears smart jeans, shirt and V-neck jumper.Gets ready in 17 minutes.Earns around 48,000 pounds a year.Wants a family.Loves shopping.Eats meat.Watches soaps.Clean-shaven.Smooth-chested.Enjoys watching football.Drives an Audi .Well-educated.Earns more than his partner.Jokes around and has a laugh.Sensitive when you are upset.Tells you he loves you only when he means it.Admits it when he looks at other women.Has a driving licence.Can swim.Can ride a bike.Can change a tyre.Rings his mother regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400714", "title": "Jogi keeps options open for contesting polls", "text": "RAIPUR: Hinting that he would remain active in state politics, Congress Working Committee (CWC) member and former chief minister Ajit Jogi said on Friday that his options are open on contesting either the upcoming assembly poll or the next Lok Sabha elections.\"It's for the party high command to take a decision and we will follow it. As of now Our focus is to strengthen the Congress in Chhattisgarh,\" he told reporters at his residence.Jogi did not agree with the perception that his inclusion in Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's team as a member of the sub-committee for drafting party manifesto was any kind of promotion. He also disagreed with another perception that a section of state Congress leaders were trying to isolate him from the state politics ahead of the next year's assembly polls.Referring to the on-going Nagar suraj campaign by the Raman's government, the former chief minister said it was a farce aimed at diverting people's attention with an eye on the next assembly elections.Jogi welcomed the inter-ministerial group (IMG) recommendation for de-allocation of mines allotted by the Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC) for their failure to develop blocks within stipulated timelines.He said the recommendation for de-allocation of the Shankarpur/Bhatgaon II &amp; Extension block in Chhattisgarh was allotted to CMDC in 2007. He said the state Congress has been raising questions over Raman Singh government's decision to allocate the Bhatgaon-II extension under Shankarpur coal block to SMS Infrastructure, owned by Ajay Sancheti, who is considered close to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari. Jogi said the state government should now take action against all those responsible for handing over the mines to the firm owned by Sancheti.He also alleged large scale irregularities in the appointments of assistant professors in higher education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346332", "title": "Cop envoy in Bengal to collect Sushil details", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand police have sent a special messenger to West Bengal to get details of the case pending against CPI (Maoist) politburo member Sushil Roy (75) who was granted bail by the Jharkhand high court on Wednesday. The court of Justice S C Mishra granted him bail.Police sources said that in one case of Jhargram, there is a pending production warrant with Giridih police.\"We have verified from all the districts in Jharkhand about pending cases and status of bail. He recently completed one-year detention term in a case of Chaibasa (West Singhbhum) under National Security Act (NSA). We have sent a special messenger to Jhargram from Giridih to find the exact reason for production and if the local court has granted him bail then there will not be a legal hurdle in his release,\" said a source.SP Giridih Amol V Homkar confirmed that a special messenger has been sent to West Bengal and they expect to get the status of the case soon. West Singhbhum police chief Pankaj Kamboj, too, confirmed that the one-year detention period of the Maoist leader under NSA has ended recently.A senior IPS officer said that the state police intended to send a clear message to the rebel about their intention. \"The police are there to help the rebels on humanitarian grounds and also want to bring them back to mainstream. The rebels should realize that police did not oppose the bail on humanitarian grounds as the man is quite old. We are lenient with even Maoist leaders if there is a fit case,\" said the officerIn case of Roy it was Jharkhand police which made a special effort to get him admitted in All India Institute of Medical Sciences for treatment of cancer, he added.\"Police ensured that he not only gets admitted out of turn but is also operated quickly for removal of the cancerous tumour,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342128", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBreather\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 till Monday over meter recalibration", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 55% auto and 45% taxi meters remain to be fine-tuned even as the recalibration deadline expires on Saturday.Cabbies and auto drivers may get a \"breather\" till Monday, said sources. \"They will be allowed to get meters recalibrated on Sunday and Monday. Moreover, during these two days they may get immunity from prosecution,\" said a Regional Transport Office source. Transport commissioner V N More will send a proposal to the government asking it to decide on extending the recalibration deadline and the issue of prosecuting errant drivers.\"Maharashtra government may extend the deadline and a decision in this connection will be taken early next week,\" said the source. Activists, who oppose any extension of the deadline for recalibrating auto and taxi meters, have threatened to move court. \"Any extension of time limit will tantamount to showing disrespect to the HC as the matter on fare hikes is sub judice,\" said Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat. \"We have written to the transport commissioner asking him to take action against drivers who fail to recalibrate meters by Saturday evening. We appeal to consumers not to pay the new fare to such drivers,\" he said.In his letter to More, Deshpande stated: \"There was no hurry for you (More) to introduce the fare hike unless all taxis and autos switched over to e-meters. However, you took the decision to hike fares from October 11 without ensuring that all vehicles have installed e-meters. This hasty decision is responsible for today's state of affairs.\"A transport official said commuters should not pay the old fare to any driver. \"Tariff cards are available on our website,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17343473", "title": "Anjuna locals up against rave parties", "text": "MAPUSA: The locals of Anjuna have started a movement against late night rave parties which have been plaguing the village during the tourism season in recent years.Exasperated with sound pollution and an atmosphere noxious to health, they have finally decided to revolt. About 150 residents of St Michael's vaddo have come together to \"stop the menace\". The locals have approached as many as 15 authorities concerned to look into the matter and stop \"the harassment, nuisance, mischief, danger and illegalities attached to the late night parties\".Anjuna is world famous for its trance parties held on the beach during the tourism season. Of late, nightlife at Anjuna has steadily picked up momentum and has gained popularity with time. Extremely loud music on the beach at night is the main attraction of the rave parties here. The nature of these rave parties has also changed with locals heavily opposed to the drug scene.\"I am not against anybody, it's not personal but there should be peace of mind. Elderly people should get at least the sleep they deserve. Business and tourists do not mean everything,\" said Savio Almeida, deputy sarpanch of Anjuna, who is leading the campaign.The villagers alleged that there are late night parties at the beach shacks which continues till 4am thereby causing great trauma to the people in the neighbourhood.\"Almost everyday, late night parties go on where the music is played over the permissible sound level and despite several complaints, no arm of the government acts,\" Almeida said.\"The late night loud music parties have resulted in the elderly folks of the ward leading a very disturbed life as they cannot sleep in peace. The working community cannot have a peaceful night after a long day of work and the children are not able to sleep well,\" he said.Residents complain that the rave parties have totally traumatized them and they are forced to live in a very unsafe and unhealthy atmosphere.Police acknowledge that such shacks are under their watch but no offences have been registered yet. If the government fails to provide a remedy, the locals have threatened to approach the court of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343715", "title": "Auto driver stabbed to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 32-year-old auto driver was found stabbed to death in the back seat of his vehicle in Chandra Layout, West Bangalore, on Friday afternoon.The victim is Babu Abdul Sabha from Padarayanapura, Mysore Road. Police suspect he was murdered because of an old rivalry.A private school security guard alerted the police control room when he noticed the parked auto and Babu in the back seat.\"The engine was on and the auto was parked for over 30 minutes. I peep in and found a knife stuck to his chest,\" the guard told Chandra Layout police. Babu is survived by his wife and two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17344319", "title": "Nod for DMRC gives new hope to Metro", "text": "KOCHI: The good news on the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) front, thanks to the intervention of the team led by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Friday, was greeted with relief by city residents.After months of controversy regarding DMRC's participation in making Kochi Metro a reality, the team was able to get an assurance on project execution. While the terms of the agreement are not immediately known, the talks in New Delhi has renewed the hope of seeing the Metro up and running in four years. For the common man, DMRC's intervention would mean the presence of E Sreedharan and a smooth completion of the project.\"See how the DMRC is completing the reconstruction of North ROB's side bays without any problems. Even with the controversy surrounding the project, they just went ahead with their work, and now the side bays are ready for traffic. So, Kochi Metro has a better chance for speedy completion if DMRC and Sreedharan are involved,\" says Rangadasa Prabhu, president, Ernakulum Residents Association Apex Council (EDRAAC).The government's preference for DMRC and E Sreedharan had taken the issue to the court. The High Court had asked the government whether they were replaceable. And the advocate general told the court that the government's wish was to construct the project under Sreedharan's guidance, considering his vast experience in the sector. While the controversies over DMRC's role rocked the project, Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) went ahead with plans to acquire more land for straightening the curves and also proposed the expansion of National Highway. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that the revenue department would expedite the land acquisition process for the project. \"Priority will be given to acquiring land for rolling stock and repair yard at Muttom. A special squad for conducting the survey for land acquisition will be formed,\" Sheik Pareeth said. The revenue department has already issued 4 (1) notification for acquiring land for nine stations.Even though the trading community have apprehensions regarding land acquisition and the rehabilitation of merchants who will be relocated, the Kerala Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Kemphasised the need for constructing the project in a scientific manner. K N Marzook, chairman, KCCI, said, \"Over the last two years, it was just politics and media hype. Till date, there has not been any development on how the project will be executed,\" he observed.Though officials with DMRC reserved their comments, they stated that they looked forward to the meeting of the board of directors of DMRC. \"The signing of a memorandum of understanding between KMRL and DMRC will give a final picture on the involvement of DMRC. Speculations on the execution of the project will continue till that stage,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346361", "title": "'Reds could trigger violence next week'", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand's special branch has warned that the Maoists are likely to strike in the next seven days. The Maoists have announced that they would observe 'martyrs week' from Saturday. Since it would be the first death anniversary of former politburo member of the party Koteshwar Rao alias Kishanji, the Reds might resort to violence, the special branch report has warned.Kishanji was killed in an encounter on the West Bengal-Jharkhand border on November 24 last year. The recent Maoist ambush while a transit of jailed miscreants was taking place in Giridih, in which the Reds freed eight of their comrades, has kept the state police on its toes. The Union home ministry has already alerted all the Maoist-hit states in the country. The state intelligence has also reported that Maoist activities in the districts have increased in the past one week and their movement is felt in the forests.Jharkhand police spokesperson and special branch IG S N Pradhan said, \"Maoists have plans to resort to violence. We have got reliable reports about their plans and we are ready to deal with them.\" An undisclosed number of battalions of Commando Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) and several battalions of CRPF along with Jharkhand Jaguar , apart from Jharkhand Armed Police have been deployed in sensitive locations well in advance. The Jharkhand police have also kept choppers in the stand by to deal with any emergency.No official in the department spoke more about counter-mechanism put in place by the state police. A police source, however, said the primary areas of concentration were the undisclosed pockets of South and North Chota Nagpur plateau. Palamu, Latehar, East Singhbhum and West Singhbhum, and Saraikela are also under watch. The police have also been informed that the Maoist movement from West Bengal to Jharkhand might take place during the week.The armed group of the Maoists', People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA), arranges all activities related to the martyr week, be it meetings, prayers or attacks. Earlier the guerrilla used to observe the martyr week in memory of their dead comrades in the first week of December. It is for the first time that the dates have been changed. \"It seems that the development (change of dates of the martyr week) is to pay homage to Kishanji,\" said an IPS officer.The Maoists have been on the back foot following concerted operation against them in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17344205", "title": "Magistrate should have freed Facebook girls", "text": "MUMBAI: While the police have been in the dock for arresting two Palghar girls for a Facebook post, former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi has questioned the role of the magistrate in a case that has become a rallying point for citizens to defend their fundamental right of freedom of expression .Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21, were arrested on Monday and produced before a magistrate, who gave them bail on a surety of Rs 15,000 each. In a statement issued on Friday, Gandhi said, \u00c5\u201cI understand that the two girls were produced before a magistrate. What is the role of the magistrate when a person is produced before him? The only purpose for this requirement in the Criminal Procedure Code is to ensure that a judicial mind is applied judiciously before a remand or bail is given. The Shiv Sena leader who filed the complaint was wrong, and the police who filed the FIR was also wrong. However, it was the duty of the magistrate to have seen the gross absurdity of the charge and ordered the release of the girls.Gandhi said Dhada had not posted anything \u00c5\u201cthat could even remotely qualify as \u00cb\u0153grossly offensive and hence the complaint filed was \u00c5\u201cfrivolous . \u00c5\u201cThe police should have recorded a non-cognizable complaint and forgotten it. Instead they made a cognizable FIR, he wrote. The girls were charged with promoting hatred between groups and sending a grossly offensive message through a communication device. \u00c5\u201cThe requirement of producing all arrested persons before a magistrate within 24 hours puts the responsibility on the magistrate to decide whether a prima facie case exists for giving a remand or bail. If it appears that no reasonable case exists, the magistrate must refuse to allow any further detention\u00c2\u00a6. A magistrate must apply his mind to the matter before him and take responsibility, Gandhi said.Gandhi said that neither Press Council chairman and former SC judge Markandey Katju nor others are \u00c5\u201ceven questioning why the judicial check mandated by law did not work effectively . \u00c5\u201cThis is an important legal safeguard against police arbitrariness, but it does not appear to be working meaningfully. Judiciary is the guardian and monitor of the law, he wrote. Katju had written to the CM asking him to order the suspension, arrest and prosecution of the police involved.Times ViewWithdrawal of charges is not enoughWithdrawal of charges against the two girls involved in this case is far from being sufficient to meet the needs of justice. As we have said earlier, they must also be compensated for the trauma they have had to undergo as a result of a wrongful arrest. Further, there must be legal action against the policemen involved for illegally holding them. Mere departmental action against them or a transfer will not do. This is particularly true for the senior policemen involved who should have known better than to apply the IT Act in such a draconian fashion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17343965", "title": "Pakistan denies vises to 971 devotees", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan High Commission has refused to give visa to 971 out of 1,860 devotees who had applied for visa to visit the country to celebrate birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev.SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar informed on Friday that he had appealed to Pakistan High Commission to reconsider its decision to deny visas to Sikh pilgrims. While stating that it was unfortunate that a large number of Sikh devotees would be deprived of an opportunity to pay obeisance at gurdwaras in Pakistan, he informed that only 889 devotees have been granted visas. \"There is resentment among Sikhs who wanted to celebrate the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev at Gurdwara Nankana Sahib,\" he said. SGPC is sending a Sikh jatha to Pakistan under the leadership of Jangbahadur Singh on November 25. The jatha would return on December 4.Khanna seeks govt record on statues: In reply to a question by BJP Rajya Sabha member Avinash Rai Khanna on Friday, the ministry of urban development has revealed that it does not have records about the expenses incurred on status and busts of various Indian icons or political leaders or even the land occupied by them. The only exception is of Lal Bahadur Shastri's statue where the land and expenses are known. Khanna had sought state-wise details of statues installed across the country, the land used for these and the expenses incurred on these.Punjab Dalit Chetna Manch head held: A vigilance team from Patiala arrested self-styled president of Punjab Dalit Chetna Manch and an ITI instructor, Shamsher Singh Purkhalwi, in a disproportionate asset (DA) case on Friday from Mohali. Accused Shamsher is husband of a former municipal corporation in Mohali. An FIR was registered against him on August 3, 2012. DSP (vigilance) K D Sharma said a case against Shamsher was registered as the value of his total assets, included his house and other properties, were found to be more way above his known source of income.Life term for killing wife: A man was sentenced to life imprisonment for shooting down his wife in January last year in Phagwara. The court of Kapurthala district and sessions judge Gurmeet Lal Banyal on Friday sentenced accused Jaskaranjeet Singh to life term and also slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on him. He had killed his wife after an altercation in January last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343798", "title": "4 officials, banker colluded to pay phantom workers", "text": "BANGALORE: The Kolar unit of Lokayukta police detected the alleged misappropriation of Rs 49 lakh in the social welfare department of the district, following a raid on four officials.The raided officials were Kolar taluk welfare officer Farookhi Sultana; N Venkatesh, a senior division clerk in the district treasury, Azeem, warden of Nachiketa Vidyarthi Nilaya and Manjunath, a Group D employee of the taluk social welfare office.The raids also covered the premises of H N Venugopal Reddy, president of Veda Souharda Credit Cooperative Bank, Chintamani.\"The investigation so far has revealed that the three officers connived with Reddy and withdrew money by submitting fake bills towards wages for non-existent workers and regular workers of several SC and ST hostels in the district,\" additional DGP HNS Rao said.The officer said the misappropriation may have been done in the past two months.\"The figure may be higher and can be correctly estimated only after going through all the documents, like the fake bills they raised, cheques issued through the cooperative bank and some cheques encashed by Reddy. Farookhi Sultana sanctioned the amount without any budgetary allocation, while Venkatesh went on sanctioning funds without verifying their utilization and proper records,\" he added.Kolar district Lokayukta SP AB Sudhakar said there were several questionable documents being examined. \"It's been found there were several fake demands raised by these officers to siphon off government funds. Later, they shared the booty,\" he added.Cases under 13(1) read with 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, besides sections 120 (B) for criminal conspiracy, 465, 109, 471, 420 of Indian Penal Code were registered against them, Rao added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343682", "title": "Shorter winter session invites Opposition's ire", "text": "LUCKNOW: The first day of the winter session of the Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly saw it being adjourned after mourning the death of minister for sports and youth affairs Kameshwar Upadhyay. On October 29, Upadhyay, a five time legislator, died after suffering from prolonged illness. The assembly will now re-convene on Monday.Meanwhile, opposition leaders traded charges against the Akhilesh Yadav government. Senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party , Kalraj Mishra, said an assembly session of 3-4 days is a regressive measure and would not allow time for opposition parties to take up crucial concerns. Opposition leader Swami Prasad Maurya also alleged the government is deliberately keeping the session short in order to scuttle many uncomfortable questions, particularly those on law and order conditions in the state. A day earlier, BSP supremo Mayawati repeated her attack on the Samajwadi government and demanded the imposition of President's Rule in the state.On Friday, the opposition also attacked the state government after the Allahabad High Court questioned SP government for seeking permission to withdraw cases against two suspects of the serial blasts in Varanasi in 2006. The blasts had claimed 25 lives. Welcoming the decision, Maurya said the state government's decision to withdraw the cases would encourage terrorism in UP. Endorsing Maurya's stand in criticising the state government, Kalraj Mishra said the move would encourage \"goondaraj mentality\", a move the BJP had opposed. Congress legislative party leader Pradeep Mathur also questioned the state's decision to seek relaxation in any case that involved a terrorist, dreaded gangster or a criminal.On Thursday, the court, while hearing a public interest litigation challenging UP government's decision to seek a review of charges against Waliullah and Shameem, suspects in the blast at Sankatmochan temple, questioned the state government's decision. Earlier, UP government had written to the district magistrates of Lucknow, Faizabad, Gorakhpur, Varanasi and Rampur, asking about whether there was enough evidence to prosecute suspects in the 2006 serial blasts and other terror attacks in the state.In its election manifesto, the Samajwadi Party had promised to review charges against terror suspects to prevent the harassment of innocents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17348047", "title": "Land sought to house libraries", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district central library has sent a proposal to the government, seeking land to construct libraries.Currently, libraries aren't spacious and books are crammed into packed shelves. The district libraries have a combined collection of over 5 lakh books. Venkatesha CJ, chief librarian, District Central Library, told TOI that a proposal to allot sites had been submitted to the tehshildar of Mangalore and he had granted 20 sites.\"If the government allots sites and funds to construct libraries, it'll create a good reading atmosphere. Currently, many libraries are very small,\" he added.\"We have requested the government to release funds for the construction of libraries under the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund scheme,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345908", "title": "Last word on Kolar municipality merger likely today", "text": "BHOPAL: Pandemonium was witnessed at the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) council meet on Friday as ruling BJP corporators and the Congress corporators fiercely debating for and against on the proposal for the merger of Kolar Municipality with the BMC. The merger of the Kolar Municipality with the corporation will be decided at the BMC council meet on Saturday, council chairperson Kailash Mishra announced while adjourning the meet on Friday.While BJP corporators were in favour of including Kolar municipality with the BMC, Congress corporators were reluctant to take a hasty decision. \"Merging Kolar municipality with the corporation will be an added burden on the corporation,\" Congress corporator Mahira Salamuddin said. \"The corporation is not prepared for this as of now. We first need to access assets of Kolar and how much money the corporation will have to put in for the development of the suburb,\" she added.\"Currently, the corporation is not in a position to cater to civic amenities needs of the residents including roads, sewage, street lights and water. The corporation is also not capable of recovering property taxes from the residents. With insufficient staff and improper management, how will the corporation manage the additional burden of the Kolar on their shoulders,\" congress corporator, Swati Kaushal questioned.While, BJP corporators Asharam Sharma and Pankaj Chouksey said, \"Residents of Kolar are not provided the basic necessities of proper water supply. The residents there want merger of Kolar with the BMC so that they also get various services provided by the corporation.\"\"Moreover, after Kolar gets merged with the corporation, the BMC would be on the lines of the municipal corporations in metros. This will definitely prove beneficial for the state capital,\" they argued.Objecting to this, leader of opposition Muhommad Sageer said, \"After the merger of Kolar with the corporation, residents here will be burdened with more property taxes, water cess and the newly-introduced Narmada cess.\"Nothing wrong in Kolar's merger: MayorTaking on the Congress, mayor Krishna Gaur, at the end of the discussion for the day, said, \"Kolar residents themselves wish municipality's merger with the corporation. They are already using bus, railway station and other public utilities facilities provided by the corporation. Therefore, there is nothing wrong in it. Kolar should be merged with the BMC.\"\"After the merger of Kolar, there will be 4-5 wards more. If residents have to pay property taxes after the unification of Kolar and BMC, the property rates will also go up in the area,\" she added.\"Moreover, with the state drafting a plan for handing over of private colonies to the corporation, property tax collection from them would be easier,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17347916", "title": "Solar rickshaws to power green city dreams", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rickshaw pullers in the city may soon join the green brigade. With a view to promote clean energy transport, the state government is exploring the feasibility of promoting solar-fuelled rickshaws in Bhubaneswar, which can drive up to a speed of 35 km per hour.Christened as 'Soleckshaw' and designed and promoted by Council of Scientific &amp; Industrial Research ( CSIR), the non-polluting tricycle was introduced in several metros, including Delhi recently.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has invited CSIR-recognized dealer HBL Power System Ltd and its strategic partner Prabhadeep Industries Limited to show a demonstration of the vehicle on November 30. \"We have heard of the solar rickshaw becoming popular in Delhi, Chandigarh and some other cities. If the vehicle has green features, we will also promote it in Bhubaneswar,\" BMC mayor A N Jena told TOI.The rickshaw, which can be driven by solar-powered battery, can carry nearly 250 kg of load. \"Solar energy apart, the battery can also be charged by electricity. When the battery backup goes out, the driver can use the pedal,\" said HBL vice-president (Odisha and Chhatisgarh markets) Sanjay Parija.\"The tricycle is used for commuting small to medium distance. In Delhi and other places, the concerned state government has been providing subsidy to poor rickshaw pullers to purchase the vehicle,\" said Anand Parija, a functionary of Prabhadeep Industries. \"We would urge the BMC and transport department to help rickshaw pullers purchase the eco-friendly tricycle through subsidy,\" Parija said. The price of the two-seater Soleckshaw, which is manufactured in different models, starts from Rs 70,000. Apart from ferrying passengers, the tricycle can be used to transport goods and garbage.Rickshaw, which until a few years ago was a major medium of public transport in Bhubaneswar, has almost vanished from the streets after being outnumbered by auto-rickshaws and city buses. Only around 150 rickshaws are now available at railway station. \"We face difficulty to pull the rickshaw due to heavy traffic on roads. Our service is only required in early morning and late night,\" said Sanatan Naik, a rickshaw puller. \"We will feel dignified to raise the accelerator of Soleckshaw. People will not look down upon us. But the government should provide us subsidy to afford the rickshaw,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17344357", "title": "More charged in Brar case", "text": "LONDON: Dilbag Singh, 36, became the third man to be charged in connection with the alleged assassination attempt on Lt-Gen (retd) Kuldip Singh Brar, who was attacked on a private visit to London on September 30 last. He was produced before a magistrate on Friday and remanded in custody. Dilbag, who arrested in London on Thursday, was accused of \"wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm\" to Brar. Earlier on October 8 last, Barjinder Singh Sangha, 33, of Wolverhampton, and Mandeep Singh Sandhu, 34, of Birmingham were identically charged. Sangha was also accused of \"common assault\" on Brar's wife Meena. They are still in detention and are scheduled to appear in court on December 7 next for a preliminary hearing prior to being put on trial.Altogether, British police have arrested 19 men and women associated with the assault on Brar. Of these, 16, including a 55-year-old woman held on Thursday on suspicion of assisting an offender, have been granted bail pending further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17344361", "title": "Egypt erupts as president turns \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcpharaoh\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CAIRO: Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi assured his supporters that the country was on a path of \"freedom and democracy\" even as thousands of people staged rival rallies across the polarized nation to both support and oppose his move to assume sweeping powers.Morsi's detractors dubbed him the 'new pharaoh' , a day after he issued a declaration granting himself what many said were more powers than even the ousted dictator Hosni Mubarak. Thousands of his supporters and opponents on Friday took to streets to stage rival rallies across Egypt, leading to sporadic violence and burning down of offices belonging to the ruling Muslim Brotherhood.Amid much concern over the move, Morsi told his supporters that Egypt was on the path to \"freedom and democracy ,\" and stability was the need of the hour. |\"Political stability, social stability and economic stability are what I want and that is what I am working for,\" he told an Islamist rally outside the presidential palace.Morsi's new powers are supposed to be temporary, to last for the transition period, and the decree will expire when a new constitution is approved by the middle of February . However his opponents see the move as endangering the gains of the popular uprising which ousted Mubarak's dictatorial regime.\"I have always been, and still am, and will always be, God willing, with the pulse of the people, what the people want, with clear legitimacy,\" Morsi said.The president's declaration also ordered retrials of officials involved in the killing of protesters during the 2011 mass uprising against the Mubarak regime.Protesters marching from various city points converged in Cairo's iconic Tahrir Square chanting slogans such as \"Down with the Supreme Guide\" , \"Wake up Mursi, it's your last day,\" and the popular \"The people demand the fall of the regime\" .The protesters held banners denouncing the Muslim Brotherhood and its intervention in the state policy, as well as banners rejecting Thursday's constitutional declaration . During the protests, offices of the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP), the Muslim Brotherhood's political arm, were set ablaze in Ismailiya and Port Said, state television said.It was also reported that the party's office in Alexandria was also stormed. Eyewitnesses said 15 were injured in the clashes as both sides hurled stones at each other, and at least five cars were smashed. The protesters arrived in Tahrir about an hour after Islamist supporters of Morsi came out in the tens to demonstrate against the Constitution Party's anti-Mursi protest march. The two groups engaged in verbal sparring matches, shouting slogans at each other.Political forces including the Wafd Party, Tagammu Party , Constitution Party , Democratic Egyptian Party, Free Egyptians Party and Popular Trend Party, and the April 6 Youth Movement, the Revolutionary Youth Union, the Free Egyptian Movement, the No to Military Trials group and the Bring them for Trial campaign announced participation in the protest.Islamist forces including the Muslim Brotherhood, Jama'a al-Islamiya , and Salafi Dawah as well the Freedom and Justice Party, the Noor Party, Asala and Wasat were in support of the new constitutional declaration. PTIPresident Morsi exempts all his decisions from legal challenge until a new parliament is elected Gives himself sweeping powers that allow him to sack the unpopular general prosecutor and open the door for a retrial of Mubarak and his aides Empowers himself to enact any measure he deems necessary to deal with a 'threat' to Egypt's 'revolution'The powers are supposed to be temporary \u00e2\u20ac\u201d until a new constitution is adopted and new parliamentary polls take place Morsi's aides say the steps will help in speeding up a protracted transition process that has been hindered by legal obstaclesBut his critics say the decree puts Morsi in the same category as Mubarak, who argued his autocratic powers were necessary to shepherd Egypt to a new democratic future", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17347690", "title": "More wards to get 24x7 water", "text": "HUBLI: HDMC's golden jubilee gift to the citizens of Hubli and Dharwad. In a move that will elate residents, the corporation has decided to provide 24x7 water to 36 of the 67 wards in the twin cities. As of now, only eight wards have this privilege.The HDMC has given a proposal of Rs 685 crore to chief minister Jagadish Shettar towards development works. Shettar has already released Rs 113.5 crore. In the first phase, the HDMC plans to extend water supply to 36 wards. The estimation process has been completed and tenders will be floated by the end of December.Mayor Panduranga Patil told TOI that after implementing the scheme in proposed 36 wards, the corporation plans to extend the facility to the remaining wards. According to Patil, it requires Rs 400 crore to extend the scheme to all 67 wards. \"The government has released Rs 113 crore. We hope more funds will be released,\" he said. SN Walad, executive engineer for the scheme said: \"While the plan is for 36 wards, only 3 wards will get uninterrupted 24/7 water supply, the remaining 33 wards will get more than 40% water supply. More than 2.26 lakh people involving 45,250 household will benefit from the scheme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "17343993", "title": "Faridkot girl undergoes abortion", "text": "FARIDKOT: The minor girl, who was abducted and raped by history-sheeter Nishan Singh, underwent an abortion at the civil hospital here on Friday.She was admitted to the civil hospital on Friday afternoon and the abortion process started late evening by a medical board of five doctors. \"She has been admitted in the hospital and the process will be completed around 11pm. The abortion is being done under Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act 1971, \" said Dr Jugraj Singh, SMO, Civil Hospital, Faridkot.The minor girl was rescued from Goa and she was found four-weeks pregnant on October 28 when she was examined by the doctors at Faridkot Medical College. After confirming pregnancy, parents of the minor girl had filed an application before the local court on November 8, seeking permission to abort the foetus.The parents had also filed an application before the deputy commissioner of Faridkot on Thursday evening to undergo MTP. On their application, the deputy commissioner has allowed their plea.The girl was rescued from Goa on October 21, almost a month after she was abducted on September 24 from her house in Faridkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346637", "title": "Cadets spread cheer at old age home", "text": "LUDHIANA: To mark the NCC ( National Cadet Corps) Day on November 23, as many as 53 NCC cadets of the Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Gujarkhan campus, in collaboration with 3 Punjab battalions, spent an entire day at Swami Vivekanand Vridh Ashram interacting with about 70 elders at the home.The cadets packed up the provisions, eatables and warm clothes for the senior citizens and reached the ashram in the morning. They listened to the experiences of elders and had lunch with them. They not only served the food to the elderly, but even fed them with their own hands.NCC in-charge Dr Madhu Bala encouraged the cadets for their efforts. She said their motive was to serve the community without selfish motives and there couldn't have been a better way to achieve this motive as the Ashram residents welcomed the cadets wholeheartedly.Realizing the pain of the Ashram residents, the cadets pledged not to be ignorant towards their parents and elders in the society even when they grow up. They promised the residents that they will visit the Ashram frequently..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347314", "title": "Woman delivers child near LLR emergency", "text": "KANPUR: A lady delivered a baby near the emergency of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital on Friday. After her delivery, the kin of other patients staying at 'Rain Basera' near LLR pathology took her to Upper India Sugar Exchange Jaccha-Baccha Hospital later.She was brought to LLR by some of neighbors, who left her near LLR emergency on late Thursday night. She cried of pain throughout the night but no one took her to the hospital. She delivered a baby during the wee hours of the morning on Friday.The locals then took her to the women hospital later, where the doctors admitted the patient at ward number two. The condition of both the mother and baby is said to be fine. Guddi who has two kids already was abandoned by her husband five days ago who also took the kids with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17344071", "title": "Calicut University may pull out Tipu textbook", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University is likely to withdraw the study material on Kerala culture prepared for students of distance education stream.A two-member panel appointed by V-C Dr M Abdul Salam has recommended that the textbook should be withdrawn as it contained remarks that may jeopardise communal harmony.The textbook depicts Tipu Sultan's invasion of Malabar and the role played by the Muslims of Malabar during the Mappila uprisings in poor light. K A Siraj, university syndicate member, and Dr Anil Vallathol, head, department of Malayalam, submitted their report to the V-C's office on Friday. A final decision will be taken after the V-C returns from New Delhi.The textbook was prepared by Dr Priyadarshanlal, former professor of Malayalam and an RSS fellow traveller. TOI has learnt that the committee has recommended the removal of Priyadarshanlal as the co-ordinator of the panel to prepare the study material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17343995", "title": "Have you read the books you teach? Maharashtra state board asks teachers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra state board has decided not to mince words in its campaign of grading affiliated schools and ask questions that get straight to the point. A lengthy questionnaire prepared by the board asks pointed questions to teachers and sternly reminds principals that all the information will be made public soon. Teachers have been asked whether or not they have actually read the book being taught to students and if they are aware of the syllabus.Some teachers are unhappy with the way the questionnaire is worded. Wishing to remain anonymous, a history teacher said, \"It is demeaning for a teacher to answer whether or not she has read the book being taught or whether she is aware of the syllabus? And even if a teacher has not read it, will she actually put it on paper?\"Another teacher felt the board should be concerned solely with infrastructure and staff strength for gradation since \"quality check cannot be done through this method\". The teacher said, \"a teachers' statewide exam can be taken to judge our preparedness for teaching a particular subject and this can form the basis of gradation, not some voluntary information in which everyone will lie to project a positive image.\"State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav was unavailable for comment.The gradation is currently underway for schools till Std X. It is expected that by next year, junior colleges too would come under the gradation purview. The board is in the process of gathering information from schools on their infrastructure, strength and quality. The process started last year but its results were not made public. The gradation will now happen each year and schools have to fill up the form online. Information given by schools will have to be taken at face value since not every institute's data can be cross checked. \"The information will be made public in future and if there are any discrepancies the public will take them to task,\" a board official from Nagpur said.This is similar to methodology being applied by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and CBSE. Both have asked their affiliated institutes put up detailed information online so that the public can cross check and complain if any false information has been added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17343690", "title": "3 IIM students expelled for smoking grass", "text": "INDORE: Three IIM-Indore students were expelled from the institute for \"consuming drugs\" in a hostel room on the campus on Thursday. The expulsion was confirmed by the IIM-I director, N Ravichandran, who said the students were told to leave on recommendation of the disciplinary committee. Asked what drugs were used, he refused to answer; but another official in the director's office confirmed the three were smoking marijuana.Other institution sources, too, said that the two post-graduate students were seen smoking from chillums in their hostel room on Monday by a security guard, who then informed the hostel warden. The rooms of the students were raided, where they were allegedly caught with marijuana. A disciplinary committee investigated the matter and recommended expulsion of the three students.This is the second such incident at the institute this year. Two students were caught smoking grass in February as well. Then, the students were reprimanded but not expelled. However, the authorities refused to entertain the pleas of the parents of the concerned students on Thursday. The identities of the expelled students have been withheld by the IIM-I authorities so as to \"not harm their future\".Meanwhile, adding to the institute's woes, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) said it will stage a protest at IIM-I campus on Saturday against the frequent drug-related issues emerging in the institute. \"IIM-I is a world class institution, but incidents like use of drugs on campus have become regular. We have got information that area around campus has become hot-beds for drug peddlers,\" said ABVP secretary Nimesh Pathak.The institute has now formed a committee comprising students and teachers to keep an eye on the activities of the students in the hostel and also identify those who \"do drugs\".Times ViewExpelling students from an IIM for consuming marijuana in their hostel room is a case of the penalty being completely disproportionate to the alleged offence. We have argued in the past that consumption of a mild recreation drugs like marijuana should be decriminalized. For the moment, though, it remains a crime under our laws. To that extent, the IIM authorities have valid grounds for taking some action against the students. Yet, to expel them for such a small offence is absurd. Would they have been expelled if they had been caught drinking, for instance? We are not for encouraging the use of intoxicants, but we do believe that young adults should be allowed to make mistakes and learn from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17399895", "title": "In five years, almost 30% rise in infertility cases, say experts", "text": "AURANGABAD: There has been a 20-30% rise in cases of infertility both in men and women in the last five years in India said doctors attending a three-day national conference on obstetrics and gynaecology in the city.\"Infertility is no longer an urban phenomenon, nor is it confined to women. In a growing and alarming trend, the problem of infertility in men is moving out of purely urban settings and is surfacing in tier II and tier III cities too,\" said the doctors in the conference which began on Friday at the MGM medical college, CIDCO.The doctors blamed the alarming increase in infertility rates on lifestyle changes resulting in stress and obesity caused by lack of physical exercise, changes in eating habits and pollution accompanied by medical disorders like diabetes.Speaking to TOI, infertility specialist Manju Jilla said there was a time when infertility was only limited to women. Now, male infertility is blamed in 50% of the cases where couples could not conceive naturally. The change has been more visible since 2008, she said. \"About 45% of couples face infertility problem and opt for in vitro fertilization at my centre. The most common problems men face are low sperm count, morphology abnormalities and low motility of sperm. In some of the cases both spouses have infertility problems. The drugs we have now are not advanced enough to treat male infertility,\" she said.Other experts say that, earlier, male infertility cases were only limited to cities but now more cases are being reported in rural areas. The situation is so bad, said one doctor, that \"we conduct tests first on the men before their wives are tested\". Change in lifestyles, even of small income groups, has led to increase in infertility rates, as also the lack of physical activities, said one specialist.Interestingly, doctors say men produce millions of sperm every day.\"Improvements in lifestyle and diet can help childless men. A good fruit and vegetable diet, moderate physical exercise, yoga and giving up smoking can improve the DNA of sperm and help these men in fathering a child later as the production of free radicals is reduced,\" Jilla said.According to the team, psychological stress results in a decline of semen quality.Infertility experts across various states said that there is a sharp increase in young couples reporting problems in fertility simply because of lifestyle issues.\"Obesity itself may not cause infertility, but the complications arising out of it like hormonal complications, ovulation issues in women and deterioration in sperm quality in men are serious fertility issues,\" Jilla dded.\"Nearly 15 of 100 couples need infertility treatment and the numbers are increasing. The problem is people take their bodies for granted. When you're obese, you develop other problems like insulin resistance, women with polycystic ovaries have irregular periods and even sexual compatibility is affected then,\" the experts discussed.Besides sedentary lifestyles, doctors say another reason for rising infertility in young couples is stress.\"The fact is that infertility in women and even men is increasing not just in India but everywhere. Since diseases remain the same, what has changed? It is urbanization, stressful lifestyle and loss of work-life balance. Even in our practice, we see a lot of young couples facing problems in conception because of job stress,\" the experts said.The conference has been organized by west zone Yuva FOGSI along with Marathwada Regional Conference of Obstetrics and Gynaecological ( MRCOG) societies of India.\"On the first day around 800 national experts from Maharashtra, Gujarat, Goa, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Chhattisgarh and South India attended the event. About 90% experts are from outside the city. About 30 live surgeries were performed free of cost and video conferencing was organized for an interactive session between the surgeon and the doctors observing the live surgery,\" said the president of the conference, Ajay Mane.The organizing chairman Rajendrasingh Pardeshi said, \"Various operations through endoscopy involving pelvic floor repair, urethra injuries, uterus removal, etc, were performed. Four workshops on urogynaecology, ultrasonography, laparoscopy and fertility were conducted,\" said the head of the department of obstetrics and gynaecology, Government Medical College Hospital and Convenor of the conference, Kanan Yelikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344849", "title": "SI charged for harassing woman cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has charged a Delhi Police official with outraging the modesty of his subordinate additional sub-inspector by forcing her to watch a blue film at workplace and making advances at her.Holding that a prima facie case is made out against him, metropolitan magistrate Ekta Gauba charged an SI posted in the office of DCP (west) saying, \"From the allegations, offence under Section 509 IPC (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) is prima facie made out as accused has shown obscene film to the complainant.\"The accused had contented that he was implicated in the case by the ASI after he had complained against her for not reporting for duty on time. The contention was rejected by the court. \"Sexual harassment of working women amounts to violation of rights of gender equality and right to life and liberty... ,\" the court said relying on an apex court judgment.The incident dates back to August 1, 2010. The victim was posted on a Sunday duty and entrusted with feeding the mobile numbers of police personnel deployed in Commonwealth Games related work. At 12pm, the accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was in charge of the HAX branch \u00e2\u20ac\u201d came up to her on the pretext of some work and started showing her a blue film. Despite the objections, the complainant was forced to watch the film and the accused even tried to touch her in an objectionable manner, the complainant said.The accused then told her to report to him in the evening and when she met him, he started kissing her and said he loved her, the complainant said. The ASI narrated the incident to her husband and also made a complaint to the DCP West the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343316", "title": "CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s quota burden likely to increase", "text": "JAIPUR: The state OBC Commission's report was to have made things easier to resolve the ongoing quota issues but it seems to have added to the woes of the Ashok Gehlot government.Even before the contents of the report were made public, speculations regarding the recommendations had sparked off a major controversy, which got stronger with contradictory statements from the commission's chairman and the member secretary. This was followed by the communities concerned raising threats of agitation against the recommendations even before the report could be considered to sort out the quota equations.The entire exercise seems almost futile with the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti claiming that the report is welcomed only if it supports the community's call for reservation within the limit of 50% cap.\"If the over-all reservation exceeds 50%, the Supreme Court will quash it even if it gets a clearance from the high court. What good is that? We don't want more legal battles. The government should provide us with reservation within the defined limits, Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla said. Sources within the government said the state is keen on resolving the quota issue and hoping to strongly advocate 5% reservation separately for the SBCs in the courts.The Gujjar community had rejoiced and welcomed the 5% reservation assured to them along with Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities under the Special Backward Classes (SBC) category by the then Vasundhara Raje government in 2008. However, with the assurance entangled in the legal web, this time around, the Gujjars are demanding a bifurcation of the OBC quota pie.\"We will welcome the decision of bifurcation of the OBC quota, if the state government takes it. However, if it talks about separate SBC quota, we will not support the Ashok Gehlot government. How will that be different from the previous BJP government? Both the government had only taken decisions which can be challenged in the courts,'' said Himmat Singh, spokesperson of the Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti.According to sources, if the Ashok Gehlot was hoping that the report could be used to define \"special circumstances\" for providing 5% reservation to the SBC and exceeding the total quota in the state to 54%, the report - whatever its recommendations be - might be of little help. Pacifying all communities will not be easy with the Gujjars now making it clear that the limit should not be exceeded and the Jats ready to revolt against bifurcation of OBC quota. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342546", "title": "Counselling for visually impaired", "text": "CHENNAI: Nethrodaya, a self-help organisation for the visually impaired is organising a state level meet on career counselling and guidance in the city on Saturday.The two-day intensive meet will see participation of around 300 visually challenged students from rural areas. As part of the counseling programme, the organisation will also honour Nataraj IPS, Chairman, Tamil Nadu Public service Commission and Milan Dass, senior research officer for their contributions to the visually impaired community and being instrumental in policy making.Free audio study materials for students of Class 10 and 12 will also be distributed at the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342897", "title": "Two railway workers among seven killed in train mishaps", "text": "MUMBAI: Two railway employees were mowed down by a Duronto Express at Vasai early on Friday while on duty. The two-Babasaheb Ugle (30) and Hariman Dudi (43)- were among 7 people killed in train mishaps in a 24-hour period. Ugle (30) and Dudi (43) had been carrying out track repair work along with a team of 10-12 others.Around 12.10am, Duronto Express was on track 4 while another train was on track 3. This confused the railway employees at work. They scattered to find a safe place till the two trains passed. The Duronto Express hit Ugle and Dudi at Vasai. Ugle was a trackman, and Dudi, his supervisor. \"We have registered a case of accidental death. Ugle resided at Tardeo while Dudi stayed at the Naigaon railway colony,\" said Praful Kshirsagar, senior inspector, Vasai GRP.In a separate case, Anurag Katiyar (22) of Behrambaug died after being hit by a train on Thursday. He was crossing tracks when a train ran him over around 8.15pm near Jogeshwari station. Meanwhile, four other commuters died in separate mishaps in the jurisdiction of the Borivli GRP. In the first case on Thursday, two caterers, Amar Jadhav (20) and Sujit Jaiswal (25), were knocked down by a local train while they were walking on the tracks between Jogeshwari and Goregaon station. The incident took place at 4.30 pm. Both were residents of Ram Mandir Road in Goregaon, police said.In the second case, Sonu Chandalia (25) fell off a running train between Goregaon and Malad stations around 8.45pm on Thursday. Chandalia worked for a private firm and resided at Andheri (W). In the last case, an unidentified man was found lying on the tracks between Kandivli and Borivli stations at 12.30am. The man was in his forties. It is not clear whether he fell off a train or was crossing the tracks.Youth found murderedShamsher Ansari (22) was found murdered at a shop where he was employed in Govandi on Friday. He was gagged and both his hands were bound behind his back. The shop is owned by one Zulfikar Ghati (27). Ghati came to the police station and informed that he found Ansari lying dead in his shop.23-year-old assaultedAbdul Wahim Shaikh (23) assaulted by a mob of 10-812 persons near Chembur rail8way station on Thursday. Sha8ikh was getting into his car wh8en the accused attacked his head with a tile. They th8en thrashed him with an iron rod. The Tilak Nagar police has registered a case of rioting agai8nst the unidentified persons.Worli shops looted of Rs 38k valuables, cashTwo shops at Worli were looted of cash and valuables collectively worth Rs 38,000 on Friday. The burglaries took place at a readymade garments store and a spices store adjacent to it on CK Rane Marg. The owners found the shops ransacked and lodged a complaint of housebreaking against unidentified persons with the Worli police station.Proposal to rename trainA proposal to rename the Vidharbha Express as \"Vasantrao Naik Vidharbha Express\" to mark the birth centenary of the late chief minister will be submitted to the railways. As part of the celebrations, the Marathwada Agriculture University will also be named after the leader.Legal seminarJustice V M Kanade of the HC and Dr Herta Daeubler- Gmelin, former minister of Justice of the Federal Republic of Germany, were speakers at a seminar on Friday on \"International Criminal Court-Ch8all8enges and Opportunities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342477", "title": "Counterattack by MLA in BJP-BSP faceoff case", "text": "NOIDA: The standoff between BJP MLA Mahesh Sharma and BSP MP Surender Nagar escalated to another level when the former held a press conference in his hospital publicly criticizing the MP and alleging that he had verbally abused his workers and kept them captive for four hours on November 20. Sharma also screened a three-minute video clipping showing Nagar abusing BJP workers at Dadri.Earlier, Nagar had alleged that Sharma and BJP workers were creating phantom voters under the guise of filling out voter ID forms. Nagar had intercepted BJP workers bringing in completed forms to the Sadar tehsil on November 20. According to him, the BJP was violating election commission guidelines by bringing the forms directly to the collectorate and not submitting them to the local BLO or SDM office.Nagar had filed a complaint on November 21 with the district administration after which the DM, MKS Sundaram, had referred the matter to the election commission.Sharma, however, claimed that Nagar's claims were baseless. \"November 20 was the last day for filling out the forms and the BLOs weren't available. As a result, BJP workers took some forms and reached the tehsil where they were held captive for four hours by Nagar and BSP workers,\" alleged Sharma.Sharma screen a video clipping (of which TOI has a copy) where Nagar can be seen abusing and saying that the BJP \"was indulging in gundagardi\".Sharma, while talking about the video, said that such parliamentarians signalled \"the death of democracy\". Sharma further alleged that contrary to Nagar's claims that BJP party workers were bringing in thousands of forms, they had in fact brought 527 forms which were sealed and submitted to the district administration. \"Each and every form can be checked and I can guarantee that not a single fake voter can be found,\" he promised. The CD containing the video clipping has been sent to the chief election commissioner (UP).Nagar however claimed that the allegations of BJP workers being held captive were baseless. \"I was very angry because one of the cars belonging to Mahesh Sharma had hit one of our party members. This is an organized strategy to increase the number of voters from the district that the BJP is doing. We had also filed an FIR regarding the matter with the police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17344403", "title": "Veerapandi Arumugam: A leader who evoked strong emotions", "text": "COIMBATORE: Veerapandi Arumugam had clear likes and dislikes and evoked strong emotions. You were either with him or against him. \"He was one of the boldest political leaders I knew. His death is irreparable for the party,\" says Pongalur N Palanisamy, a former minister and DMK leader from Coimbatore district.Born on January 26, 1939 at Poolavari village in Salem district, he completed SSLC from Salem Municipal School and joined DMK in 1956. Two years later, he was elected president of Poolavari panchayat and held the post till 1976. He was elected as DMK party district secretary in 1974. He was elected six times to the legislative assembly and served a term in the legislative council. After heading the ministry for rural development and local administration for a short period in 1989, he served as agriculture minister for three terms and a total of 11 years.Ever since he rose to head the party in Salem, his leadership became synonymous with DMK. \"He became the face of the party because of his courage and a daring mindset,\" said a senior DMK functionary. When E R Krishnan, who was Salem district secretary in the early 1970s, joined AIADMK, the post was handed over to P T Muthu who, being a non-vanniyar, couldn't make a mark in the region. Soon he resigned, paving the way for the rise of Arumugam.The tough methods he deployed to spread influence didn't always yield the best of results. Many in the DMK itself resented his clout in the party. He was accused of promoting family interests in the party and shady land dealings. His detractors say that his highhandedness cost the party dear in the region. In the 2011 assembly election, DMK lost all 11 constituencies in the district including his own seat. He lost to his niece and AIADMK nominee, Vijayalakshmi P Palanisamy in Sankari constituency by a whooping margin of 35,000 votes.It was said that DMK chief M Karunanidhi gave a free hand to Arumugam to run the party the way he wanted in Salem and other parts of western Tamil Nadu. Legal niceties and matters of protocol never bothered him much. When his elder brother's son Suresh Kumar alias Parapatti Suresh, former vice chairman of Salem District Panchayat Union and DMK secretary of Manamarathupatty Union, was arrested in connection with multiple murders by the CB-CID, Arumugam, then the agriculture minister, visited him in jail.When the AIADMK won the 2011 assembly election, land grab allegations came to haunt him. He was booked in six cases of land grab and it was only a month ago that he was released from Vellore Jail.Arumugam is survived by his two wives, Ranganayagi and Leelavathi, and four children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17343559", "title": "ICAI chief in the dock for Rs 100 crore land deal", "text": "CHENNAI: A land deal worth Rs 100 crore involving the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) has landed its president Jayadeep Narendra Shah in a spot. Shah, a native of Nagpur, signed a deal for purchasing a nine-acre plot in that city for setting up a study centre of the institute. It is alleged that the deal was finalised keeping ICAI's central council members in the dark.The land, said to be valued at Rs 80 crore, has been registered after paying a nominal advance to the owner. In all, the institute has spent Rs 10 crore so far, including the registration fee and stamp duty. The members allege the land is heavily overpriced and people involved have taken huge cuts. ICAI's central council, in its meeting on October 15, set up a committee to investigate the deal\"The price paid for the land is several times higher than the prevailing market rate. Out of the Rs 100 crore, nearly 80% goes for the land and the rest for the building. As the registration has already been done, even if the central council refuses to ratify the deal, Rs 10 crore cannot be recovered,\" said a member, seeking anonymity.The land deal was finalised and registered between July 13 and August 3. \"The central council met in between these days and there was no mention about the deal, either by the president or the institute's finance department, at the meeting. It is only after members from Nagpur informed the institute about the land deal did the central council members come to know of it,\" he said. Though Shah confirmed the deal, he denied the allegations. Speaking to TOI, Shah said: \"A committee has been appointed to probe all land deals from 2004 onwards. The truth will come when the report is submitted. I was not in the country. I wish to comment only after the committee has submitted its report.\"The members of ICAI's regional council in Chennai are upset that the prestigious institution has been in the news for wrong reasons. Chennai is the most important regional council of the institute which gets students not only from south India but also from West Bengal and Odisha. Many members from the regional council have gone on to head the institute. \"This issue and the general decline in standards have made the institute a laughing stock. I will approach the Madras high court on the land deal,\" said Venkata Sivakumar, a senior faculty member in the institute.\"Since the institute has been set up by an act of Parliament, land to set up a branch or study centre can be obtained from the state government concerned. All the branches and the only business excellence centre in Hyderabad have been set up on lands donated by the state governments. There was no request from the western region seeking a study centre in Nagpur and the president has acted on his own keeping the central council in the dark,\" Sivakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17346351", "title": "XLRI Global MBA future hinges on Nov 26 HC hearing", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With no breakthrough in the Tata sublease case, the management of the premier B school, XLRI, is worried over the prospects of the proposed Global MBA program scheduled to start mid next year.With all eyes on the November 26 hearing in the Jharkhand High Court, the management school is hopeful of 'positive outcome' from the proposed hearing.\"Can't speak much about the issue, however we are hopeful of positive outcome,\" said XLRI director, Fr E Abraham.In the wake of the construction work on the sub leased plots of Tata Steel coming to a grinding halt, the ongoing construction of the international hostel in the school campus had to stop midway.On the basis of the inquiry report of the panel, headed by development commissioner, Debashish Gupta, which cited lack of transparency in the process of sub-leasing of plots, the land and revenue department asked the district administration to stop construction work on the 482 acres of land, subleased by Tata Steel to private parties, with immediate effect in September this year.The ambitious residential global management program of the school now hangs owing to the sub lease matter reaching the judiciary after few aggrieved parties approached the High Court for seeking justice.\"The construction of the international hostel has already got delayed by over two months,\" said the director hinting at approaching the state government to explore other legal avenues to break the deadlock after November 26.An international hostel with capacity of 400 students and two learning centers are proposed to come up on the southern end of the campus by May 2013, ahead of the start of the global MBA programme in June the same year. The business school is adding three star facilities to its campus with an investment of over Rs.60crore.The upcoming building will cater to the accommodation requirements of both domestic and foreign students, pursuing their Business Management (BM), Personnel Management and Industrial Relations (PMIR) courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347024", "title": "Protest against exam fee hike turns violent", "text": "KANPUR: The ongoing protest of CSJMU students against the varsity administration's decision to hike the examination fee turned violent on Friday afternoon as students clashed with security personnel and university staff.The tension escalated when the police and security guards on the varsity campus sided with the staff and allegedly attacked the protesting students with canes, leaving them severely injured. One of the student leaders, identified by the police as Mohd Salman, President of Student Union of Halim Muslim PG College, received severe injuries on his head. Later, the students tried to retaliate with an attempt to attack the university staff, but were outnumbered by the latter who had the support of securitymen.The student leaders along with their supporters subsequently locked the main entrance gate of CSJMU, sat on a dharna outside it, and raised slogans against the university VC. The agitated students did not allow anybody to enter or leave the university campus, leaving students, teachers and university staff trapped inside the varsity for nearly two hours. Heavy police force from Kalyanpur and adjoining police stations reached the university to diffuse the tension, turning the varsity into a fortress.Later an FIR was registered by Kalyanpur police against university staff and security personnel including Satyapriye Sawant, Rajesh Singh, Mukesh Tiwari, Bhawani and 25 others on the complaint of the student leaders who were allegedly beaten up.Earlier in the day, student leaders including Mohd Salman, President, Student Union, Halim Muslim PG College, Ramji Tiwari, President, Student Union, BND College, Deepu Kumar Sagar, President, Student Union, VSSD college and Abhay Dwivedi, President, Harsahay Jagdamba Sahay Degree College along with a few of their supporters reached Kanpur University to meet vice-chancellor Prof Ashok Saxena over the issue of hiked examination fees and hand him over a memorandum.When they did not find the VC on the campus, the students decided to meet the registrar SW Hussain. The security guards on duty did not allow the students to enter the administrative building where the registrar sits, stating VC's orders that the channel gate of the building shall not be opened before 2 pm. When the guards remained adamant despite the students' attempts to get the gate opened, there students started shouting anti-university slogans. Meanwhile, one of the securitymen allegedly attacked Mohd Salman with a lathi and caused him severe injury. The university staff soon came out in support of the securitymen and allegedly thrashed the student leaders and other students who were demanding a rollback of the hiked examination fee.Due to the ensuing students' protest, traffic movement on the busy GT road also got affected. The district officials have arranged for a meeting between the vice chancellor and the students on Monday to sort out the examination fee hike issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342819", "title": "No question of putting CBI chief's appointment on hold: PM Manmohan Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh emphatically rejected the BJP's demand that the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as the next CBI chief be put on hold, saying the \"question of keeping the new appointment in abeyance does not arise\".Singh also dismissed the BJP's allegation that the appointment was made to preempt the procedure recommended by the select committee looking into the Lokpal bill, saying the charge was \"wholly unwarranted and devoid of any merit\".\"I also refute the suggestion that the appointments to this post in the past by the UPA government were motivated by collateral considerations,\" the PM said in his reply to leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley. Earlier on Friday, Jaitley and his counterpart in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj had written to the PM asking that the appointment be put on hold.Singh argued that the CBI director was retiring on November 30 and the premier investigating agency could not be left headless till the time the new system was put in place. \"Under the circumstances, the government has, in public interest, made the appointment in accordance with the provisions of the CVC Act as presently applicable and the extant procedures, which had been set in motion much earlier,\" he said.The PM was reacting to the BJP's demand that the new CBI director should be appointed by a collegium comprising the PM, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha and Chief Justice of India as recommended by the select committee.Earlier in the day, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy strongly defended the government's decision, saying the selection of the CBI chief was done \"in a fair manner following the due process\".He said Sinha was the senior-most officer among the three names suggested by the central vigilance commissioner and the prime minister decided his name. \"The prime minister in his wisdom considered Ranjit Sinha who is the senior-most officer. The prime minister decided the name of Sinha in a fair manner following the due process in which CVC recommended three names. Where is the question of unfairness in this,\" he added.\"May be they (select committee) have proposed a new mechanism. That's not part of the law today. There is no Act in Parliament today. There is no notification of an Act today. The government must function in accordance with the law as it exists. And that's how we move forward,\" Narayanasamy said.Echoing Narayanasamy's comments, telecom minister Kapil Sibal said, \"The government decision-making cannot stop just because there is some legislation awaited... This means, the logic would be any standing committee report which has to be translated into a legislation, such time the translation takes, there should be no decision of the government. I do not see any logic in any of this.\"Meanwhile, Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar, who had filed a petition in the Central Administrative Tribunal against his non-inclusion in the shortlist, withdrew his plea amid indications that he may be considered for an extended tenure as Delhi Police chief beyond July 2013 when he is supposed to retire.Sources indicated that the home ministry may consider making the Delhi Police chief a fixed two-year tenure post as per a Supreme Court order. \"If it happens before July next year, Neeraj Kumar will automatically get an extended tenure till June 2014,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343563", "title": "SC nixes CBI bid to shield Pratibha kin in murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday rejected the CBI move to stall attempts to link ex-president Pratiba Patil's brother G N Patil to a murder trial.The CBI had challenged a Bombay High Court order upholding the trial court's decision to seek call records of mobile phones of Dr V G Patil, who was stabbed to death on September 21, 2005, the seizure memo of his car and the TV interview given by contract killer Raju Pundalik Mali.The trial court had ordered the CBI to produce the documents on an application by V G Patil's wife Rajani Patil, who has alleged that her husband was killed because of a conspiracy by political rivals like G N Patil and Dr Ulhas Patil. It had also permitted Rajani Patil to depose during the trial proceedings.An apex court bench of Justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar criticized the CBI for challenging the trial court's decision and refused to interfere with it. The bench disagreed with the CBI's \"objection\" to the widow deposing in court with additional evidence.\"The clear allegation is not against the persons who committed the murder but at whose behest it was carried out. She says I will depose and lead evidence through call records and you (CBI) say no... Why do you want this women not to be a witness and the records not be produced,\" the bench said.For the CBI, additional solicitor general Sidharth Luthra explained to the court that it was too late in the day and allowing her to depose at this stage could derail the entire trial. Though the bench noted in its order that the trial court would examine the widow without being influenced by the HC's remarks, it found it difficult to fathom the reason behind the agency's apprehension.\"Even if there is one call made between accused 5, 6 and 7 (including G N Patil and Ulhas Patil), and Accused 1 and 2 (Raju Mali and Raju Sonawane), its good enough to establish a conspiracy. Why should the CBI oppose the most aggrieved person (Rajini) in the case,\" the bench asked.Within five days of V G Patil's murder, the Jalgaon police arrested Raju Mali and Raju Sonawane. Four days later, the probe was transferred to Maharashtra Crime Investigation Department (CID), which concluded that the motive behind the crime was a financial dispute between Raju Mali and V G Patil for a sum of Rs 4.5 lakh and a dispute of political nature between V G Patil and two others, Leeladhar Narkhede and Damodar Jagannath Lokhande.The CID filed charge-sheet against the four but Rajani Patil moved the Bombay HC seeking an independent probe into the murder. The HC on February 23, 2007 transferred the investigation to the CBI. Within two months, accused Raju Mali died in judicial custody.During the trial proceedings against Sonawane, which had been separated from the trial of Narkhede and Lokhande, Rajani moved three applications before the trial court seeking documents relating to car seizure memo, CD of the interview given by Raju Mali to a TV channel before his death in judicial custody and call details of certain specified phone numbers, besides allowing her to be cross-examined as a witness in the case.The agency said all allegations leveled by the widow had been examined in detail during the course of further investigations under the Bombay HC's supervision. Objecting to fresh examination of Rajani, the CBI said, \"Decision pertaining as to who may be examined is the sole prerogative of the public prosecutor and not that of a third party (Rajani), and the trial court ought not to intervene and exercise powers at the behest of such third party who has not brought in any new point that was not investigated by the CBI.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346699", "title": "Star shower continues in Lucknow", "text": "Just when we thought we had seen enough stars in the city, with Saif, Kareena and Jimmy Sheirgill already here, Lucknow saw another group of stars descend in the city on Friday. While Aamir Khan promoted his latest film, actors Prem Chopra and Sharman Joshi also arrived yesterday afternoon.While Chopra is to be felicitated at an awards function in the city today, Sharman will be the chief guest at the same event. Meanwhile, the cast and crew of Bullet Raja was joined by actor Sharad Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344016", "title": "Gond rulers' graves lie neglected", "text": "NAGPUR: The final resting place of Gond rulers, who laid the foundation of Nagpur city over 300 years ago, is forgotten by the city and its administrators. The graves in Juni Shukruwari are in a state of neglect. Taking advantage of the situation, some miscreants sneaked into the compound and chopped at least 50 trees a couple of days ago.On Friday, TOI visited the place and found the place unkempt, with overgrown bushes and tall grass covering the graves, damaged or vandalized tombstones and litter - including liquor bottle and domestic waste - strewn all over.The apathy of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Heritage Conservation Committee has also led to increase in illegal activities including encroachments and tree felling, said BJP corporator from the locality Divya Ghurde. Though the property is owned by Bakht Buland Shah's great grandson Virendra Shah, it it is bound by rules of NMC's Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC).Some miscreants recently chopped at least 50 trees including subabul, tamarind, neem on the nearly one-acre compound where 27 graves are located. These trees were over 20 years old. A group of people entered the heritage site and started felling trees. Soon nearby residents spotted them and informed Ghurde, who reached the spot along with her supporters. \"When I enquired who they are and who had permitted them to cut trees, they refused to divulge their identity. They only claimed that they had obtained the necessary permission to fell trees,\" she told TOI.However, local residents and the corporator expressed apprehensions fear that some anti-social elements might be wanting to encroach upon the land. \"As the site is lying in a neglected state, land grabbers have become active,\" they said. A scrap dealer has also encroached upon a major portion of the land. Besides, a nursery owner had also started keeping saplings there.Later, Dhurve filed complaints with state archeology department, heritage conservation committee (NMC), Mayor Anil Sole, NIT chairman Praveen Darade and Sakkardara police station. During investigation, Ghurde came to know that no permission was given by any department including the NMC's Garden department to fell trees.Conserve the site, demand residentsThere are 27 graves of Gond king Azam Shah's forefathers. BJP Corporator from Nehru Nagar ward Divya Ghurde pointed out that as the land is owned by the former royal family and there are many prominent people buried here. \"This makes it even more important for us to take care of the graveyard and preserve it as a national heritage,\" she said.TOI found empty bottles indicating that there might be people camping on the cemetery. It was also sad to see cemetery damaged by time and vandals. A resident living next to the plot for over 10 years, Vasant Bhoyar has never seen anyone from NMC visit the area. Another resident, requesting anonymity, claimed he recently found people going there at night. \"I do not know why and it is not my business to find out,\" he said. The residents hoped to draw the attention of NMC to maintain it better. \"It should be fenced and have a sign put up to recognize the rulers and their relatives buried here,\" they said, adding \"If it is cleaned up, it could be such a beautiful place.\"Heritage Conservation Committee chairperson Chitkala Zutshi admitted the site has been lying neglected and assured to initiate the process to conserve it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17342290", "title": "Test cricket back in vogue", "text": "It was a pleasant surprise to see long queues at entry points outside Wankhede across various stands. People had queued up almost an hour before the 9.30 am start and the long wait meant they missed Gautam Gambhir's second-ball dismissal.Once in, they would sure have hoped for a 100 from Sehwag in his 100th Test, but that wasn't to be. With school and college holidays expected to last for two more days and the Test tipped to be a gripping one, one can expect more crowds in the days to come. Did anyone day Test cricket is dead?Scorers stumped: The official team-sheets with the playing XI signed by the managers are normally expected to reach the scorers minutes after the toss, but that wasn't the case on Friday.The team-sheets reached them only at noon. That was 10 minutes before the start of the second session! Reporters had to rely on television and a good PA system to figure out the playing XI and the fact that India were batting first and had played three spinners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347084", "title": "Irregularities found in school uniform distribution", "text": "KANPUR: Five months into the ongoing academic session, students of various government primary schools are still waiting for proper school uniforms. On the other hand, schools where uniforms were disbursed were found violating the tender norms in a recent survey conducted by the district education authorities.It is pertinent to mention here that providing dresses to children, especially girls, is one of the provisions of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan. In the past, the system of distributing dresses was under the state education department which got the uniforms stitched according to the demand of each school. The dresses were then distributed among the students. This year, the task was handed over to the school authorities themselves.The school authorities were given a set budget for the uniforms which had to be stitched according to the exact sizes of the students. These uniforms were to be made under a tender process for which special guidelines were given to the school authorities. Though the school authorities were ordered to disburse the dresses amongst the students within the first month of the session, budget approval and mismanagement delayed this process. This delay is what prompted the authorities of State Education Department to conduct a survey on the status of uniforms distribution at various primary schools.A similar survey was also conducted in the Basic and Municipal Corporation schools of the city which revealed gross mismanagement. Talking to TOI, Munindra Yadav, block head who conducted a sudden inspection at Basic schools in Hiraman Kapurwa, Junior High School (Parade), Prathmik Vidyalaya (Bekanganj), Prathmik Vidyalaya (Talakmahal), Prathmik Vidyalaya (Parade-I) in the ongoing week informed that the dress material of school uniforms was found barely average in all the schools. He said readymade uniforms were distributed in all the schools he visited, which is a violation of the norms.\"Irregularities were also noticed in the tender process at many schools,\" added Yadav. The anomalies were also found in schools in Chaubepur block. Block officer Virendra Pandey said the dresses given in schools in this area are made of poor quality material and ties and belts are missing from the tender.\"The irregularities were found in the majority of schools. Some of the names are Prathmik Vidyalaya (Jawahar Nagar), Prathmik Vidyalaya (Lakshmi Purwa-II), Prathmik Vidyalaya (Chunniganj-II), and Prem Nagar Model School,\" he said.The survey conducted by another block officer, Birju Bharti also revealed issues with the tender process and material of uniforms. Bharti had visited Prathmik Vidyalaya (Usmaapurwa), Prathmik Vidyalaya (Shastri Nagar) and Prathmik Vidyalaya (Vinayakpur).Meanwhile, Nagar Shiksha Adhikari Narendra Kumar Pawal said that teams especially formulated for the purpose are conducting surveys at various Nagar Nigam schools.\"Our teams visited Nagar Nigam schools at Jaggipurwa-I and Balika Vidyala in the same area on Friday. The uniforms were proper. The school authorities claimed that they have distributed stitched uniforms but there were irregularities in tender process,\" said Pawal.An education department official requesting anonymity said at many schools, the uniforms were given only to the new students. \"This certainly is not a right hygiene lesson for kids in their formative years. Freshers, with their new attire, stand out, defeating the very purpose of a uniform. Giving school uniforms to children well after the academic year begins has become a habit with the UP education department,\" added the official further.The official also informed that a detailed report of dress distribution tender and quality will be sent to Basic Shiksha Adhikari (BSA) who will later forward it to Atul Kumar, a senior official of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyeen Yojana.Repeated attempt to contact the Basic Shiksha Adhikari went in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344047", "title": "Hastak shunted out of water department on 'health grounds'", "text": "NAGPUR: Executive engineer of water works department at Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) Shashikant Hastak was shunted out of the department, and also from the post of executive director of Nagpur Environmental Services Limited ( NESL), on Friday. The transfer order gave birth to a new controversy since Hastak was transferred on 'health grounds'.Sources at NMC told TOI that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane received a letter from Hastak a couple of days ago. \"Hastak asked for a transfer citing health problems. Accordingly, Wardhane transferred Hastak to the property tax department,\" sources said.Hastak will now assume charge as tax assessor, which is his actual designation. The post of tax assessor was lying vacant and being handled as an additional charge by one of the assistant commissioners, who was a non-technical official, for the last two-three years.Hastak was working as executive engineer of water works department for over eight years. He became the centre of controversy over the PPP model in 24X7 water supply project and handing over entire water works to private company for 25 years. Besides, there were several complaints from corporators, social activists and citizens about Hastak neglecting works, and asking all those coming to him to approach the private operator in case of any problems or works related to the department.The name of executive engineer MS Talewar was making the rounds of NMC for the post of executive engineer of water works department. Meanwhile, deputy executive engineer Azizur Rehman was given additional charge of Hastak's department. However, Rehman has reportedly written a letter, requesting that he not be given the charge due to his health problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342126", "title": "Mumbai infra projects may need another green nod soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Construction and infrastructure projects in the city might soon require clearing another green hurdle before work on them commences.The state government has plans to make it mandatory for such projects to get a no-objection certification (NOC) from the social forestry department.The initiative will be part of a new policy for social forestry being finalized by the state government.Nitin Raut, minister, employment guarantee schemes and water conservation, government of Maharashtra, said that the NOC condition will feature in the new state policy. He added that the condition would also be applicable for industrial and road projects in urban, semi-urban and rural pockets. Raut discussed the policy with a committee of experts appointed for drafting the new policy on Thursday.The focus of the new policy will be on measures meant to increase the city's green cover from its present 20% to 33% in the near future, Raut said.While the government has undertaken a statewide tree plantation drive under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, Raut claimed that the objective was difficult to achieve without adequate citizen participation.The minister asked the panel to devise an incentive scheme to increase public participation at the community and individual level. The government has already said that it has plans to award tree credits for new plantations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343529", "title": "Parliament disrupted for second day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The logjam in Parliament continued for the second day on Friday over the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail with opposition benches including BJP, Trinamool Congress and Left parties protesting against the policy.Both Houses of Parliament were adjourned within minutes of meeting with Trinamool members rushing to the well of the House over FDI in retail and Congress members citing reports claiming that BJP had influenced the CAG report on 2G allocation. Rajya Sabha witnessed stormy scenes also because of BSP members marching into the well as they raised slogans in favour of reservation in promotion for SC/STs.In Lok Sabha, soon after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh introduced new members in his council of ministers, Trinamool members trooped into the well demanding rollback of the policy to allow FDI in retail sector. BJP members were on their feet shouting slogans against FDI and demanding a discussion on the issue. Members of Left parties were seen in the aisle waving booklets on FDI.A lone TDP member was seen in the well holding a placard for a separate Telangana state.\"I will allow you to speak. Go back,\" Speaker Meira Kumar told the members who were unrelenting. Amid the din, she adjourned the proceedings till noon. When the House met a second time, papers were tabled even as protests continued as before. The House was adjourned till November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346165", "title": "Indian actor sues Pak media for Rs 10 crore", "text": "Recently, some Pakistani newspapers, in an article concerning a militant caught during 26/11 Mumbai terror attack Mohammed Ajmal Amir Kasab , printed Indian film actor Neeraj Verma's pictures instead. On discovering this, Verma has initiated legal action and wants to sue the papers to the tune of Rs 10 crore. Here's the complete copy of the legal notice issued by the actor through his lawyer.Re: - 149/INDIL/RV/2012November 22, 2012To,1. The Nation News Paper2. Mr. Majid Nizami(Managing Director)(Nawaiwaqt Group of Newspaper)Having address at NIPCO House,4 Shaarey Fatima JinnahLahore , PakistanAlso atKhayaban-e-ShamsheerPhase-V, Defence Housing SocietyKarachi , PakistanAlso atNawaiwaqt House, Zero PointIslamabad , PakistanAlso atNawaiwaqt House, Abdali Road,Multan, PakistanDear Sir/s,We are concerned for our client MR. VEERAJ KUMAR VERMA @ RAJAN VERMA, having address at 301, 3rd Floor, Building No. 4-A, New Mhada Colony, Lokhandwala, Andheri (West), Mumbai, India- 400 053, upon whose instruction and behalf, we have to serve following notice upon you;1. That our client is a law abiding and peace loving citizen of India and is an actor by profession having acted in various feature films which has been proved blockbuster on the box office and some films are going to be released very soon and considering the same, our client is having a very good reputation within the society as well as within the entertainment industry at large, whereas, you no. 1 is a leading newspaper of Pakistan having a very good reputation within the international media and thus in routine course, whatever the news is being published by you, the same is being treated as a most trusted and truthful news not only within Pakistan but also at international level and thus, it is your bounden and mandatory duty to check the authenticity of any news before you publish the same in your news paper. Our client further states that you no. 2 is the Managing Director of you no. 1 and is actively involved into the day to day affaires of you no. 1 and thus, are very much liable and responsible for the acts and deeds done by you no. 2 for and on behalf of you no.1.2. That our client in routine course of the business, had produced and acted into a film i.e. Hindi Feature Film titled Ashok Chakra , which was intended to give a tribute to the martyr and victim of the inopportune tragedy of the attack done by the terrorists on 26/11/2008 at our financial capital Mumbai. Our client states that the said film was completed well within time and was released worldwide and was very much appreciated by the people at large. Our client further states that in the said film, our client had played the lead role of 'Kasab', the only surviving terrorist, who after trail before the Hon'ble Court at Mumbai, was sentenced to death.3. You are also aware that the said terrorist Kasab, pursuant to the judgment and order of the Hon'ble Court and pursuant to rejection of his mercy plea by the Hon'ble President of India, the said Terrorist was hanged till death on 21/11/ 2012 at Yarwada Jail, Maharashtra, India and the said news came to be reflected everywhere in India as well as at International level via print and electronic media.4. That our client was very much shocked and surprised to go through a news on internet published by you no. 1 through you no. 2 in your news paper in it's 21/11/ 2012 edition wherein the news regarding the judicial hanging of the said terrorist was published however, it was more surprising that instead of Photograph of Kasab, the still photograph of our client (procured from the said film wherein our client is carrying a weapon into his hands) is being published in the said column in your newspaper. Our client states that by the said act, you have made an attempt to pretend as if our client is the real Kasab and terrorist who have killed various innocent people on the said fateful day and also, you have made an illegal and unjustified attempt to declare our client as one of the dreaded International Terrorist.5. That due to your aforesaid acts and deeds and willful default, the reputation and dignity of our client has been badly hampered within the society as well as at the international level at large. At the same time, it has also caused security concerned of our client and his family members at any time and place as, after the said news being published, a prudent man will carry an impression that our client is a real culprit of the said attack on Mumbai and mass killing of the innocent people of our country and foreigners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17347522", "title": "Govt to decide on recalibration deadline extension on Monday", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport department will take a decision on Monday on whether to extend the deadline for recalibrating e-meters or prosecute more than 50,000 drivers of autos and taxis which have failed to get meter recalibrated.Sources said that state transport commissioner is busy preparing a detailed proposal which will be submitted to the state government on Monday morning.\"We cannot decide on the extension as it is the prerogative of the government,'' an official from transport commissioner's office said.The government is likely to issue a notification in this regard on Monday evening or Tuesday morning, sources said. This has come as a relief to auto/taxi drivers who feared that the deadline would expire on Saturday evening.Now, the drivers can bring their vehicles for recalibration till Monday evening.\"We were afraid that drivers will be prosecuted from Sunday morning. The two-day breather will help us recalibrate at least 2,000 more taxis,\" a taxi union leader said,RTO officials said there would be a huge rush at the three RTOs -- Wadala, Andheri and Tardeo till Monday.On Friday, the Andheri RTO had a record 1,800 autos arriving for recalibration.The numbers may cross the 2,000-mark on Sunday, officials said. Similarly, more than 1,000 taxis are expected to come for recalibration at the Tardeo RTO.\"The recalibration process is being conducted smoothly. Our officials are working round-the-clock, skipping their lunch and also weekly holidays, to ensure that maximum number of autos and taxis have recalibrated meters,\" regional transport officer Vikas Pandkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344073", "title": "Seminar to inspire research in science and tech", "text": "NAGPUR: Shivaji Science College is hosting a five-day seminar on 'Inspire', a department of science and technology (DST) scheme to promote science among youth, from November 26 to 30.Inspire (Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research), is aimed at promoting basic research in natural science and engineering. Focus of the theme now is to conduct research in areas of national interest, which includes solar energy , potash based fertilizers, home land security, earthquake research, monsoon mission, deep sea ocean drilling, and biochemistry of ocean.\"Though there is immense potential in science and research, students see medicine and engineering as the only promising careers. Best of the brains opt only for these. Inspire is a really good scheme which promises more than just good research and development. Inspire has already inspired a lot of students and resulted in many students taking up science as a career,\" said science college principal DK Burghate.The seminar cum science awareness workshop is being held for standard XI and XII students. They will get to interact with various scientists, teachers and Padmashri awardees during the workshop. Some 150 students with percentage above 93.2 from Vidarbha will attend the seminar.Students attending the seminar cum workshop will be told about avenues in scientific fields like astronomy, astrophysics, genetics and organizations like defence research and development organizations. They will also be told about the opportunities in basic sciences like physics, chemistry, mathematics, botany and zoology.The seminar-cum-camp will be inaugurated by the chairman of board of governors of IIT Delhi Vijay Bhatkar. Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal will be guest of honour while advocate Arunkmar Shelke will preside over the inaugural session on Monday.During the daily sessions, students will also get to interact with experts in various fields as well as participate in exciting science quiz and sky watching programmes. Demonstration experiments and lab work is also a major part of the workshop.Former VC of Nagpur University SN Pathan will deliver the valedictory address on the concluding day while SB Thakre, vice president of the Shivaji Education, will preside over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17343658", "title": "Vibrant document admits chronic single-digit growth", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Another top Gujarat government document, forming part of the kit prepared for distribution ahead of the 6th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit, to be held at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar on January 11-13, 2013, has admitted that the state's annual rate of growth over the last six years was in single digits.Against the backdrop of huge claims of the Modi government, including in some Vibrant documents, that the annualized rate of growth is \"more than 10 per cent\", the document, 'Doing Business in Gujarat', specifically says, \"Gujarat has a compounded annual growth rate of 8.5% over the last six years;\" and in just one year, 2009-10, the growth rate was 10.23%.The document, meant to showcase Gujarat, further says that the per capita Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) has grown at a compounded \"annual rate of 7.4% over the last 6 years\", though in one year 2009-10, it says, the per capita GSDP went up by 9.38%.The kit, in which the document finds place, carries brochures, presentations and other downloadable material to attract investment, with huge photographs of chief minister Narendra Modi \"welcoming\" the invitees to \"vibrant Gujarat global business hub.\" Ready for distribution ahead of the elections to the Gujarat state assembly, the kit on Friday found its place in different government departments in hundreds.The brochure announces that Japan and Canada will be partner countries at the summit, while partner organizations are Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) as national partner, Pricewaterhouse Coopers as knowledge partner, K and D Communication as exhibition partner, APCO Worldwide as relationship partner, and Jet Airways and Emirates as airline partners. The kit's documents showcase rapid urbanization as the reason for fostering consumer base. It says, Gujarat's contribution to India's GDP is 7.5%; Gujarat's contribution to Indian industrialization is 17%, Gujarat's share in India's market capitalization is 30%, and Gujarat's share in India's workforce is 9.5%.Giving profiles of 10 different sectors, where investment is to be attracted, the document, interestingly, carries a big world map suggesting Gujarat has a \"strategic location\" and is \"well-connected to the major cities of the world both by air and sea routes\".Calling Gujarat as the \"growth engine of India\", the documents particularly seek to sell the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC), especially Dholera special investment region (SIR), suggesting how it will have the first privately-run industrial mega park, and an international airport in the neighbourhood that will be linked with a metro train from Ahmedabad. It offers a 500 million litres per day (MLD) of desalination plant to take care of the SIR's water needs; an international convention centre; a public transport system through light rail traffic (LTR); and a solar park in the coastal regulatory zone (CRZ). At the same time, it offers the timescale of other SIRs coming up at a dozen other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344463", "title": "State breather for contract carriage operators", "text": "KOLKATA: The transport department on Friday issued an order by which the contract carriages would no more have any problem in plying across four districts - Kolkata, Howrah, North and South-24 Parganas. So far, majority of the contract carriages, which transport bulk of the students and officer-goers to and fro schools, offices and home, were plying without valid permits.Earlier, the transport department notified that the permit of the contract carriage would be RTA-specific. This would have restricted a contract carriage's movement to the jurisdiction of the RTA that has issued the permit. tnn\"This would have killed our trade. We cannot take a passenger from South-24 Parganas to Salt Lake ,\" said Himadri Ganguly, general secretary of West Bengal Contract Carriage Operators Association.Out of compulsion, we called a three-day strike, knowing well that our strike would leave hundreds of students stranded. But on October 21, a day before the strike, the transport minister called us and tried to understand the problem. He then consulted the transport secretary to sort out the problem.On Friday the transpor secretary issued the order saying that the contract carriages can ply across four districts irrespective of their RTA. From now on we have no problem to apply for fresh permit. Without permit we had trouble in playing around the greater Kolkata, said ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17344322", "title": "Water shortage acute in Alappuzha municipality", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: People of Alappuzha municipality are now facing acute shortage of potable water.Opposition councillors (UDF) have decided to start agitation programmes against the municipality and the state government for not taking any measures to ensure drinking water for the people.The problem is acute in the coastal wards such as Nehru Trophy ward.Johnson Nerona, a resident of Kalathu said: \"We know that this situation will not change soon. Politicians and ministers here are experts in giving false promises on potable water to us.''\"Though the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) had set up public taps in all the wards but none of them are properly functioning. Large quantities of water keeps leaking through the pipelines. The reverse osmosis(RO) plants of the KWA are non-functional in Vellakkinar and Alissery due to technical snag. The works of Alappuzha Drinking Water Project has also not reached anywhere now,'' said Johnson. Municipal opposition leader Thomas Joseph said all the wards of the municipality are now facing acute shortage of drinking water. \"So all the opposition councilors decided to start agitation programmes against the municipal authorities (LDF) and the state government on Monday. We cannot remain silent over the potable water issues of the common people,'' the opposition leader said.\"The contractors, who were entrusted with the maintenance works of public taps, are now conducting strikes as they did not receive payments for the works, which were done by them for the KWA. The RO plants are defunct in many places. Borewells in many pumphouses are unable to collect the water due to the shortage of ground water. The works of Alappuzha Drinking Water project is moving at a snail's pace. These are the major problems for the scarcity of the potable water in Alappuzha municipality. If the government and the municipal authorities intervene, then this problem can be settled to an extent,'' said Thomas Joseph.Alappuzha district collector P Venugopal said he has directed the officials of KWA to solve the problems of distribution of potable water .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17343978", "title": "Former Patiala deputy commissioner faces arrest in Rs 250 crore land scam", "text": "PATIALA: Former Patiala deputy commissioner, who is facing fraud and corruption charges in Patiala land scam of Rs 250 crore, faces arrest after a Patiala court rejected his anticipatory bail application on Friday.Hearing of two other bail applications have been deferred till Monday. \"Anticipatory bail applications of former DC Vikas Garg and another private person Ravdeep Singh have been rejected by Patiala additional district and sessions judge while decision over applications of purchaser of land Devinder and Yashpal have been deferred till Monday,\" said Patiala SSP (Vigilance Bureau) Pritam Singh.On November 9, the SSP lodged an FIR under sections 409, 420, 467, 468, 471 and 120B of IPC and 13 (2) of prevention of corruption Act at VB police station in Patiala against former Patiala deputy commissioner Vikas Garg, the then district revenue officer Rajbir Singh, the then naib tehsildar G S Walia, kanungo Priitpal Singh, patwari Suresh Kumar and property seller/purchaser Ravdeep Singh, N P Singh, Devinder Singh Sandhu, Jaswant Singh and Yashpal Aggarwal.The accused, in October 2011, had illegally executed sale deed of a government property with an estimated market value of Rs 250 crore, which houses offices of the civil surgeon, district town planner and district education officer and the employment exchange, in favour of private persons.Garg, through his counsel on Friday, tried to wash his hands off the scam by submitting that he was oblivious of the scam and the then district revenue officer (DRO), Rajbir Singh, was behind it. However, the vigilance officers submitted call details of Garg which showed that the DC was in touch with purchaser Devinder Singh even before registration of the sale deed of government land in favour of private persons.\"We have details of call made by Garg and these are enough to prove that he was in touch with Devinder Singh. How could he deny this fact? We have proved the same in court and all accused have gone underground. We are conducting raids to arrest them,\" said DSP K D Sharma.Another point which went against the former DC was timing of the letter he wrote to the then divisional commissioner S R Ladhar against the sale deed. The scam was reported by a vernacular daily in September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346160", "title": "Dabboo Ratnani to work with Jr NTR", "text": "Dabboo Ratnani, one of the India's leading fashion photographers, will be soon working with Tollywood actor Jr NTR. Renowned for his annual calendar which has become a highly notable showbiz event, Dabboo flew down to Hyderabad for a special photoshoot with NTR for jewerely retail ad campaign.Dabboo, who generally works with Bollywood stars, is the cover photographer for all leading magazines and was in the jury for the Miss India contest in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346316", "title": "Naxals may soon resort to violence", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand's special branch has warned that the Maoists are likely to strike in the next seven days. The Maoists have announced that they would observe 'martyrs week' from Saturday. Since it would be the first death anniversary of former politburo member of the party Koteshwar Rao alias Kishanji, the Reds might resort to violence, the special branch report has warned.Kishanji was killed in an encounter on the West Bengal-Jharkhand border on November 24 last year. The recent Maoist ambush while a transit of jailed miscreants was taking place in Giridih, in which the Reds freed eight of their comrades, has kept the state police on its toes.The Union home ministry has already alerted all the Maoist-hit states in the country. The state intelligence has also reported that Maoist activities in the districts have increased in the last one week and their movement is felt in the forests.Jharkhand police spokesperson and special branch IG S N Pradhan said, \"Maoists have plans to resort to violence. We have got reliable reports about their plans and we are ready to deal with them.\" An undisclosed number of battalions of Commando Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA) and several battalions of CRPF along with Jharkhand Jaguar , apart from Jharkhand Armed Police have been deployed in sensitive locations well in advance. The Jharkhand police have also kept choppers in the stand by to deal with any emergency.No official in the department spoke more about counter mechanism put in place by the state police. A police source, however, said the primary areas of concentration are the undisclosed pockets of South and North Chota Nagpur plateau. Palamu, Latehar, East Singhbhum and West Singhbhum, and Saraikela are also under watch. The police have also been informed that the Maoist movement from West Bengal to Jharkhand might take place during the week.The armed group of the Maoists', People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA), arranges all activities related to the martyr week, be it meetings, prayers or attacks. Earlier the guerrilla used to observe the martyr week in memory of their dead comrades in the first week of December. It is for the first time that the dates have been changed. \"It seems that the development (change of dates of the martyr week) is to pay homage to Kishanji,\" said an IPS officer.The Maoists have been on the back foot following concerted operation against them in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343069", "title": "Policy on road safety soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Rise in death toll in road accidents has forced the state government to chalk out a comprehensive policy on road safety. To formulate the policy, 10 state departments have been roped in and the policy draft is likely to be placed before the government by the end of this year.\"The issue is very close to chief minister Ashok Gehlot's heart and he has asked the government officials to work on it. He is monitoring the progress personally and different department along with experts including the United Nations have been consulted,\" said a senior government official.Rajasthan is among the few states to have a road safety council. The state council was set up on the lines of the National Road Safety Council under Section 215 of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. The main agenda of the council is to address the reasons behind road mishaps in the state.However, in the wake of the recent rise in accidents the government felt the need of a law that could prove a major deterrent in curbing road accidents. According to the state police data for 2010, 24,302 accidents were registered in which 9,163 lives were lost and 31,033 injured. Between 2005 and 2010, 28,726 people were killed in road accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342194", "title": "Men to kick off campaign on gender violence", "text": "CHENNAI: For a little more than a fortnight, 16 well-known men in the city will lend their voices to a campaign against gender violence. Prajnya, a non-profit group working on gender issues, is kicking off its annual '16 Days Campaign Against Gender Violence' on Sunday by involving men, not just in the planning and organising, but as the face of the movement.\"We've got businessmen, sportsmen, musicians and entertainers to make short videos with their views on gender violence and will release them one a day on YouTube during the campaign. We hope men will see the videos, think about these issues, and send in their own clips,\" said Swarna Rajagopalan, managing trustee, Prajnya. The men include Carnatic musician T M Krishna, entrepreneur E Sarathbabu, radio jockey Dheena and theatre person P C Ramakrishna.The Prajnya team is also launching a discussion forum that will become a regular event. They will be going to a different apartment complex every month to meet residents and get them to share their concerns about violence that they encounter daily, such as workplace harassment or street sexual violence.Apart from these, there will be a programme a day highlighting different aspects of gender-based violence. The programmes are a mix of music and literary events, open house sessions, legal seminars, discussions and online forums.The campaign, observed the world over, will run for 16 days from November 25, which is International Day for Elimination of all Forms of Violence against Women, to December 10, Human Rights Day. Visit www.prajnya.in/16days for details about each day's programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344053", "title": "Amritsar Improvement Trust case adjourned for Dec 6", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab government on Friday informed Punjab and Haryana high court that it has no objection to shift Amritsar Improvement Trust (AIT) case against former chief minister Amarinder Singh from one court to another court in Mohali.When the matter came up for hearing on Friday, state additional advocate general A S Grewal informed the court that hearing of the case against Amarinder can be shifted to another court in Mohali. Hearing the state's reply on the issue, counsel for Amarinder Singh sought some time from the HC to seek instructions from his client in this regard, following which the court adjourned the case for December 6.Amarinder is seeking transfer of the trial from Mohali court to any other court outside Punjab alleging that the trial could not be held in a fair manner in Punjab, as the public prosecutor could not be presumed to be impartial.While apprehending pressure on Punjab vigilance bureau during the trial of cases against him, Amarinder had contended that the public prosecutor was under administrative control of the home department of the state government headed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal. He also argued that investigating officer of the case, Surinder Pal Singh, being prosecuted for perjury, was also a prime witness in the case. It was further argued that Surinder Pal Singh was still serving with the SVB after getting extension in service and there were chances that he may not depose independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "17344408", "title": "Change comes, but muscle power remains", "text": "JHARGRAM: The change of guard in the state is bringing about change in Jangalmahal - in fits and starts.You can see signs of this change from Lodhasuli off National Highway-6. The state highway that connects Jhargram with NH6 is being widened. Some 60km away, earth moving vehicles are busy laying out a morum road up to Moulboni village of Belpahari. Another wing of the road has already reached the foothills of Garrasinni, on the Jharkhand border.On the way to Moulboni, a group of women were heard discussing how this was the fourth week that they had not got any rice from the ration shop. The chatter inevitably veered to healthcare and one of them said that her daughter-in-law died during delivery. \"There were four doctors at Belpahari hospital earlier. There are four now. What has changed?\" she asked.Swapan Mahato of Odolchua village is furious that the local hospital opens for for just two hours. After repeated requests to the administration to regularize the hospital, villagers of Simulpal gram panchayat staged a dharna at Belpahari. \"Soon police started threatening us, alleging that Maoists were behind our movement. Some were even detained,\" said Swapan's friend Paresh.The police threaten whoever is perceived as anti-Trinamool, Paresh alleged. Jharkhand Party leader Chunibala Hansda backed the allegation. \"The CPM was known for using its organizational power and armed brigade to silence any voice of protest. But Trinamool is using a different method. They are using police to keep the entire opposition silent,\" said Chunibala.\"They are detaining our workers and threatening to charge them with sedition unless they switch to the ruling party,\" said Chunibala.A CPM leader also accused police of working as the \"political agents\" of the ruling party.\"On Thursday our party leader Prasanta Das took out a peaceful rally at Aguiboni. But Trinamool lodged a complaint that our workers had beaten up their activists. Without any inquiry police booked Das,\" said a CPM leader.Grassroots workers of the ruling party also admit that their leaders are now more dependent on the bureaucrats. \"Our leaders trust police reports. They hardly listen to ground-level workers,\" said Ananda Das, a Trinamool leader at Banspahari.\"Superficial developments like wider roads can hardly change life in Jangalmahal,\" said another leader. \"Until people get the basic needs and a peaceful life, Jangalmahal will remain the same,\" said Das.\"Trinamool Congress has little base. Mostly from the emotion against CPM, all anti-CPM forces like Jharkhand party workers, members of Maoist backed PCPA, Congress came uneder the banner of TMC before assembly polls,\" said a Trinamool leader. Now after the election, party was supposed to strengthen the organization what has been ignored. He warned that without peoples' mandate, police can't help a party win in an election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344570", "title": "Car shed to maintain AC Metro rakes", "text": "KOLKATA: The Metro Railway has finally built a car shed to maintain its fleet of air-conditioned rakes. The shed, which was constructed at a cost of nearly Rs 45 crore, about 200 metres from Kavi Subhas, will be inaugurated by minister of state for railways Adhir Choudhury on Monday.The new maintenance facility will be crucial with Metro hoping to receive all its 13 AC rakes (of the first lot) by the end of March, 2013. Another lot of rakes will be ordered in the near future.\"We had two car sheds, one at Noapara and the other at Tollygunge. The one at Tollygunge is the oldest. However, none of these have the facility to maintain AC rakes. We have already received 11 AC rakes from ICF, Perambur. Of these 10 are already in service. Two more rakes are expected soon. We plan to run 50 more services by the end of March, 2013. If we have to do this, there will be an additional load on the fleet which includes 18 conventional rakes. As the AC rakes get older, maintenance will become crucial,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway.The new car shed has come up on a 4,500-square feet area with all modern facilities. One of the special features of the new facility is the catwalk that is have been constructed. These are essential to get a bird's eye view of the AC rakes. Unlike conventional rakes, there is a lot of equipment on the roofs of the AC ones that need to be checked on a routine basis. According to an official, the air-conditioners are mounted on the roofs of the rakes.\"The car shed will have four pits and six maintenance lines. It has the capacity to stable 11 rakes at a time. We have also kept provisions to add six additional lines in the future. We have already started using the new car shed on a trial basis. The one at Noapara has been closed down temporarily due to ongoing work for the station. Now, we are using the Kavi Subhas car shed to maintain and park conventional rakes as well. The Noapara car shed will resume operations after December 2,\" Ghosh said.Sources said that maintenance staff will be trained to work on the AC rakes as many of their functions are completely different from conventional ones. In the past, regular maintenance staff have found it difficult to rectify even minor snags that affected the AC rakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343420", "title": "Dona Paula sea bed is a carpet of plastic: Pandey", "text": "PANAJI: When three-time Green Oscar winner Mike Pandey dived into the waters off Dona Paula in Goa while making the documentary 'Mangroves: Gaurdians of the Coast', all he saw was a carpet of plastic waste.Cups and bags and other plastic garbage is what's choking Goa's mangroves and leaving the state's coastal communities vulnerable in case of a tsunami or tidal surge, Pandey said, and called for restoring mangroves.\"I dived in Goa in two areas-at Dona Paula and another site in North Goa- and all I saw was a carpet of plastic cups, bags and other waste on the sea bed,\" said Pandey, who is at the 43rd International film festival of India (Iffi) to screen his documentary. From P 1\"The plastic waste is a major reason for wiping out Goa's mangroves. We have covered mangroves from Gujarat to the Sunderbans for the 28-minute documentary and in most of the areas in the country, land use change is affecting the survival of mangroves,\" Pandey said.Pandey visited and revisited mangrove plantations in Goa for the documentary over the last three years and while working on it with the help of scientists from the National Institute of Oceanography found that waste from industries, hotels and even homes, is being disposed in the sea making the water increasingly acidic.The film will also be telecast on Doordarshan across the country in different languages, including in Konkani on Goa Doordarshan.\"Mining is benefitting only a few in Goa and it is not true when it is made out to seem like it is the backbone of Goa's economy and there cannot be an alternative. If mangroves are restored, they can provide enough breeding grounds and nurseries for young fish to grow so that fishing can provide the alternative to mining displaced persons. Replenishing mangroves will bring fish closer to the coastline again,\" Pandey said, adding that tourism will be the second best employment generator.Without mangroves to act as barriers, Pandey said that if a Tsunami, cyclone or tidal surge strikes, fishing communities and other habitations will be wiped out even half a kilometer from the coast.\"Shrimp farming has also taken a toll on mangroves in Goa. Thankfully, post Tsunami the authorities have woken up and there are attempts at reforestation of mangroves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342133", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWhile sun begets life, love brings forth triumph in it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: It was a matter of life and death at St Andrew's College on Thursday, as humanitarians and religious and medical experts shared ideologies and experiences related to precisely these subjects\u00e2\u20ac\u201dlife and death.It was an international symposium titled 'Significance of Life and Death in Three Major World Religions', hosted by St Andrew's College and the Cardinal Paul Poupard Foundation Chair of Inter-Religious and Inter-Cultural Dialogue. Although the concepts of life, death and afterlife were articulated differently by the religions represented here\u00e2\u20ac\u201dHinduism, Islam and Christianity\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe baseline was one: a life lived with love and compassion guarantees plum returns, whether after life, in the next life, or in this selfsame edition.Dr Maria Luisa Rossi, an Italian from the Fofolare Movement who batted for the Christian side, referred to paradise as a house we build here and now by our conduct, and inhabit in heaven. \"Just like the sun in nature brings forth life, so too love brings forth triumph in human life,\" she said.Resurrection, which is intrinsic to the Christian doctrine, is multiplied many times over in Hinduism. In reincarnation, we know the body and soul's successive revival is incumbent on an individual's karma, but Brahmacharini Nidhi Chaitanya of Chinmaya Mission threw light on its other function. \"One's body is also the equipment with which to experience a range of desires and situations, because one cannot experience all desires with one body\u00e2\u20ac\u201dlike the desire to fly or dive deep into an ocean's depths,\" she explained.Like Christianity, Islam holds that the present life is a preparatory stage for the life to come, said Zuhair Nathani, trustee of the Raza Foundation. \"And fighting and killing has no place in it,\" he pointed out. \"Don't get taken in by the Taliban's promise of 70 virgins in heaven for the jihadi. That's only their public relations department talking. While defence is incumbent, aggression is not.\"The symposium departed from the doctrinal when American Kia Scherr spoke about her own familiarity with death and life after. Scherr founded One Life Alliance after her husband Alan and 13-year-old daughter Naomi were gunned down at the Oberoi Hotel on 26/11. She now brokers collaborations between faiths to secure the universal value of life.Psychiatrist Dr Avinash De Sousa concluded by sharing an insight gleaned from patients who'd tell him they were 'dying to live'. \"Death is not the greatest loss in life,\" he said; the greatest loss was the denial of the small pleasures of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346313", "title": "Katrina, Sonakshi, Deepika up for Thuppakki remake?", "text": "Akshay Kumar's popularity among his leading ladies remains undiminished. For proof, try this. Three of his favourite co-stars Katrina Kaif, Sonakshi Sinha and Deepika Padukone have, in the words of someone close to the project, \"shown varying degrees of interest\" in doing the Hindi version of the Tamil Diwali blockbuster 'Thuppakki' which is currently ruling the box office. Now, there could be two other reasons besides Akshay Kumar in these three lovely ladies' keen interest in doing Thuppakki . The film has broken all previous records in Tamil cinema, exceeding the collections of even the biggest Rajnikanth blockbusters. At the same time, this action-oriented film offers the leading lady a chance to play a boxer. We hear three of Akshay's leading ladies feel they're eminently qualified. Says our source, \"After the intense experience of doing Jab Tak Hai Jaan, Katrina is at the moment searching for something fun to do in her next project.The Thuppakki remake will give her that sense of unwinding. Besides she's been dying to do something with producer Vipul Shah and Akshay Kumar for the longest. She had a fabulous time working with them in Namaste London and since the Namaste London sequel is not happening immediately she is agreeable to taking on the challenge of doing the remake of Thuppakki .\" Deepika Padukone may beat Katrina to it simply by default. \"She was offered the original Tamil film, but could not do it due to date issues. Now Deepika is the top contender for the boxer's role in Hindi, and mainly because she by nature an athlete and has been looking out for a sporty role,\" says our source. We hear Kajal Aggarwal who plays the lead in the original Tamil film is not eligible for the remake. Says our source, \"The cast will be completely different . Both Vipul and Akshay feel the remake should be completely different in look. Sonakshi Sinha has also expressed interest in the role.\" When contacted producer Vipul Shah completely cut down reports that Parineeti Chopra has been signed opposite Akshay. \"It could be any of the ladies you've mentioned.We're very sure that the remake would have to be very different from the original. Vijay who stars in Thuppakki is a superstar in Tamil cinema.With Akshay the remake will acquire a larger appeal. So yes , the leading lady would be different from the Tamil film.\" In fact Vipul's current blue-eyed boy Vidyut Jamwal who played the villain in Vipul's production Force would not encore his villainous role from Thuppakki. Asserts Vipul,\"I will certainly not cast Vidyut as the villain. I am launching him as a hero in Commando . So the villain too would be played by a different actor in the remake. You see, the whole idea is to give the remake of Thuppakki a fresh look. Our director Murugadoss, Akshay and I will lock in on the heroine as soon as we know who can look convincing as a boxer.\" One hears Deepika may just beat Katrina and Sonakshi to the role. Says the director A Murugadoss, \"We'll decide who plays the leading lady once we all sit down to discuss the matter. The girl's character will change in Hindi. In the Tamil film she's a funny boxer. She has nothing to do with Mary Kom. In Hindi we will now take references from Mary Kom and give the character more gravity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17345944", "title": "HC directs UP govt to file affidavit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Friday directed the state government, through its medical and health department, to file an affidavit on a PIL seeking probe into granting contracts for construction of public toilets at Kumbh Mela.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice RK Agrawal and Justice RSR Maurya on a PIL filed by Santosh Kumar Pandey of Allahabad. The PIL alleged that contracts for construction of public toilets at Kumbh Mela have been given by the medical and health department in gross violation of tender policy and toilets are being constructed ignoring the government policy.The PIL also demanded that toilets at Kumbh Mela be constructed in accordance with the policy of the health department. The bench has directed the state government to file an affidavit by November 30, the day when court will hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344494", "title": "Singur MLA's 'revolt' may help Panja bag ministry", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya's firm stand of not joining the ministry may pave the way for Shashi Panja whose name was dropped at the last moment during the cabinet reshuffle. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee is likely to take the final call soon.The reshuffle has sparked off widespread dissent in the Trinamool with some leaders, including the outgoing agriculture minister, turning rebels. The three-time MLA from Singur, who played a crucial role in Mamata's Singur movement against the proposed Nano factory, is not willing to continue in the cabinet.Mamata's initial reaction to the MLA's stand was \"apni jaben na\" (you are not going anywhere). She even called up Bhattacharya at his Singur residence on Thursday, but he stuck to his decision. Therefore, sources said, the chief minister was now coming to terms with the fact that \"mashtarmoshai\" wasn't returning to her cabinet. However, Trinamool sources said the CM will take a call after taking stock of the situation when she goes to Singur on November 30.The void will soon be filled, said sources at Writers' Buildings, since many MLAs in the Trinamool are vying for a ministerial berth. Therefore, the CM might accept the former agriculture minister's resignation and have a new inductee in his place.The name that is doing the rounds as the 45th minister in the Mamata cabinet is Shashi Panja. The daughter-in-law of the late Ajit Panja and a renowned medical practitioner was considered twice as a minister of state for health. She missed the bus on both occasions. The first time - during the January Cabinet rejig - Panja couldn't be reached as she was away in north Bengal. The doctor turned out to be unlucky the second time when her name was dropped from the list of inductees in the Cabinet reshuffle earlier this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346674", "title": "Nine luxury buses penalized", "text": "INDORE: In a raid, which was conducted jointly by various state government departments like RTO, IMC, commercial taxes and district administration here on Friday, nine luxury buses were penalized for carrying commercial items. The raid was conducted by a team of officials under the leadership of SDM, Indore, Rajnish Kasera.Talking to ToI, deputy commissioner, commercial taxes department, US Bhadoria, said, \"We have been conducting raids frequently to check evasion of taxes by the luxury bus operators. These buses normally ply between Indore and Mumbai or Pune. As the raid is still on, I can't give any details.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17343998", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation still funding corporators' tour-cum-workshops", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems that Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has literally dumped the inquiry ordered into the bogus travel scam that occurred last year. Even after being bogged down by the controversy that TOI had exposed in September 2011, the mayor Anil Sole okayed a tour programme for 12 corporators.The latest tour-cum-workshop to Kerala is also expected to attract controversy. According to documents obtained from NMC, 12 corporators were sent to Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala at an expense of Rs 1.57 lakh.Sole had sent a letter to municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane in September seeking sanction to release funds to meet the expense of tour-cum-workshop that the 13 corporators were to attend in November 2 and 3.In the letter, Sole said, \"13 corporators will be send to participate in the workshop organized by All India Institute of Local Self Government (AIILSG) on November 2 and 3 in Thiruvananthapuram. An expense of Rs 7,500 per corporator towards workshop fees and Rs 4,600 per corporator for travel expense may be given approval.\"Accordingly, chief accounts and finance officer Madan Gagde approved the proposal. Wardhane too okayed the proposal. The all women delegation of 12 corporators went to Thiruvananthapuram and took part in the workshop between November 1 and 4. One corporator had cancelled the trip.The approval granted to another tour before the completion of inquiry on the earlier one raises many question. Also following the scam, NMC had issued a circular in November 2011 mentioning the terms and conditions of travel. The circular was issued according to the State government's notification dated March 3, 2010 by the NMC's Accounts and finance department. Thus, the latest tour approved by the same department raises serious question.Gadge told TOI that there was nothing wrong in approval of the tour. \"Civic chief may give approval for such tour,\" he said. Gadge, however, failed to cite the provisions according to which the approval was granted. Sole could not be available for comment despite repeated attempts. Wardhane assured to look into the circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344380", "title": "Mystery shrouds engineering student's death at hostel", "text": "KOLKATA: The death of an engineering student, who fell down the stairs of his hostel on the college campus in Barrackpore, has left the police and his family members clueless.The father of the deceased has lodged a complaint with the Titagarh Police suspecting a foul play. The police have registered a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under section 304 of the CrPC.Sources said Arka Ghosh (22) was shifted to a private nursing home in Kolkata on November 21 with severe head injuries. He died there on Friday morning.Ghosh, a resident of Pradhan Nagar in Siliguri, was a student of electronics and telecommunications at the Regent Engineering College at Boro Kanthalia on the Barrackpore-Barasat Road. His classmate Ankush Sharma said that Ghosh was in good terms with everybody and denied the possibility of a foul play. Nobody was, however, able to provide the details on how he sustained the head injuries. All that his co-boarders said was that Ghosh fell down the stairs in the early hours on November 21.His father Bipul Ghosh, a railway employee, claimed that he has noticed injury marks on his son's body that couldn't have been sustained from a fall. \"He was my only son. I have seen the injury marks on his body. This was not an accident. My son may have got involved with some bad company in the hostel. I have lodged a complaint at the Titagarh police station and demanded a thorough probe into what actually had happened on that day,\" the boy's father said.The college announced an unscheduled holiday on Friday in Ghosh's memory, but the authorities could not be contacted.The police searched Ghosh's hostel room after receiving the complaint. \"We have collected some incriminating objects from the room and have sent them for tests. More details will be available once we receive the reports,\" an officer said.Officers are awaiting the autopsy report that would reveal the exact cause of death. \"We have registered a case under section 304 based on the father's complaint. An investigation has started. We will know more once the autopsy report is available,\" said Subhankar Bhattacharya, additional commissioner of police (Barrackpore).Mystery shrouds the death of a fourth year student of a private engineering college near Barrackpore.received serious head injuries after allegedly falling down the stairs of his hostel inside the college campus on November 21. After preliminary treatment in Barrackpore he was shifted to a private nursing home in Kolkata. He died there on Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343842", "title": "'Pedestrians First' urges PMC to lay down stringent guidelines for tree plantation", "text": "PUNE: Citizen's group 'Pedestrians First' has written to Pune municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak requesting him to form stringent norms for tree plantation in the city.The group has suggested that the garden department's no objection certificate be made mandatory while granting permissions for building constructions.The group's other demands are: new constructions coming up should have open spaces for tree plantation, native trees be given preference, building work commencement permission be given by PMC only after the plan is approved by the garden department, etc.Prashant Inamdar, convenor of 'Pedestrians First', told TOI that the group has listed certain demands to enhance the greenery in the city and wants the PMC to be strict about the plantation norms.\"It has been observed that several high rises, which have no space for planting trees, are coming up. The open space they have are either concretized or covered with tiles. We have demanded that the plots should have open spaces for tree plantation and it should be mandatory,'' Inamdar said.The letter states that details about species of trees to be planted should be specified and native species should be given preference. Many plots have planted exotic species that provide less shade and do not support birds or insects. Builders should be required to show details of proposed tree plantation, including the types of trees and area reserved for the same, in the building site plan itself, the letter reads.'Pedestrians First' has also demanded that the PMC should give the building work commencement permission only after the garden department approves the plan.the garden department should check that trees are planted as per the sanctioned plan and in a manner that will allow their proper growth.\"As a precondition to issue the occupancy or part occupancy certificates, builders should be required to produce the no objection certificate from the garden department. There should be a suitable mechanism at the ward office level for an annual inspection to check that the planted trees are properly maintained,'' Inamdar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17347940", "title": "Dec 13 deadline for hawkers' zone", "text": "DHARWAD: The high court circuit bench has set a December 13 deadline for civic and police authorities to submit before the court a plan for providing space for hawkers' zone in Dharwad and Hubli.Unhappy with the affidavit submitted by the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation on places identified for shifting the vendors, Justice Rammohan Reddy ordered both the HDMC commissioner and Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner to appear before him in person on Friday and offer an explanation.V M Sheelavant, advocate for the Hotel Owners' Association, had filed a petition in the high court saying the statement of the HDMC advocate that vendors were already shifted were false. Taking note of this, the judge sought an explanation from the HDMC and police chiefs.On Friday, HDMC commissioner Y S Patil and police commissioner B A Padmanayana appeared before the judge who expressed his displeasure over the delay in submitting a proper plan for relocating the vendors. He asked them to prepare and present a correct plan identifying the places for hawkers' zone to shift vendors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346669", "title": "Harris Jayaraj composing his last song", "text": "Music composer Harris Jayaraj is in Hyderabad composing the last song for Selaragaghvan's 'Irandam Ulagam'. The music album for the movie is turning out as a soft romantic album according to the musician.Also Harris Jayaraj, Vairamuthu and SPB have joined forces to render a romantic song in the film. Composed by Harris Jayaraj, the number ' Kandar mayangum vandaar malarey... ' has been penned by Vairamuthu and sung by S P Balasubrahmaniam.Director Selvaraghavan is also in Hyderabad shooting for his ambitious Irandam Ulagam starring Arya along with Anushka Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342171", "title": "Arshalan Naqvi fights his way into semifinals", "text": "MUMBAI: Arshalan Naqvi of Uttar Pradesh made the semifinals of both boy's under-17 and under-16 singles categories in the 10 lakh Gautam Thakkar Memorial Junior Masters Badminton Tournament at the Bombay Gymkhana, on Friday.In the under-17 quarterfinals, the top seed Arshalan recovered from the loss of the first game to hand Sipani Sahil Naqvi a 23-25, 21-17, 21-12 defeat.Later, Arshalan seeded seventh in the under-19 event, overcame sixth seed Talar Laa of Air India in straight games at 21-16, 22-20.Results: (all quarters) Boys' under-17 singles: Talar Laa (AI) bt Chaitanya KP 21-17, 21-19; Kaushal Dharmamer (Mah) bt Harshit Agarwal (Ktk) 21-18, 21-9; Arshalan Naqvi (UP) bt Sipani Sahil (Ktk) 23-25, 21-17, 21-12, Daniel Farid S. (Ktk) bt Sumit Sharma (Pjb) 16-21, 21-18, 13-6 (retired); Boys' under-19 singles (quarter-finals): Rohit Yadav (AP) bt Harsheel Dani (AI) 21-16, 21-18; Shreyansh Jaiswal (CG) bt Aditya Joshi 15-21, 21-9, 21-16; Shlok Ramchandran (Mah) bt Hemangendra Babu T. (AP) 22-20, 21-18, Arshalan Naqvi (UP) bt Talar Laa (AI) 21-16, 22-20.Pandya knocks out second seed Gulati: Maharashtra's Rishabh Pandya caused a major upset defeating second seed Sandeep Gulati of New Delhi 4-1 in a round of 32 men's 9-ball match of the NSCI-National Pool Championship, 2012.Rane nets winner for ESIC: Ajay Rane scored the winning goal as ESIC overcame ORION FC 1-0 in a Second Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League 2012-13, at St Xavier's ground, Parel on Wednesday evening. In another match, Spartans Academy blanked Challengers SC 2-0. Yogesh Kotiya and Stanley Joshua struck a goal each for the winners.ResultsDiv-II: ESIC 1 ( Ajay Rane) beat ORION SC 0; Spartans Academy 2 (Yogesh Kotiya, Stanley Joshua) beat Challengers SC0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17343954", "title": "Perfect? 80% of men opt for woman with flaws", "text": "LONDON: Eighty per cent of men are convinced the perfect woman doesn't exist, but the good news for ladies is that four out of five prefer them with flaws, according to a new UK survey.In a survey of 2,000 men, researchers found there wasn't a single man who rated his partner as perfect, listing bad temper, disliking sport and being obsessed with cleanliness as their most common shortcomings. But, four out of five men said they liked it that way while half of them said their current partner is 'the one' for them, the Daily Mail said. Just a fifth would actually want their partner to be 100% perfect.The research found that most men rate their other half as just 67% perfect. Other grumbles regarding the imperfection were a tendency to make a big deal of things, criticizing their driving and an insistence on watching soap operas.Taking too long to get ready was also a big feature on the list of imperfections as well as women's need to always have the last word. Some even complained that their partners needed to shave their armpits more. Six in 10 complained that their lover tried to change dress sense and diet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344641", "title": "Mickey, Donald, Bhim; children sport their favourite heroes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Almost every young face at the Chandigarh Carnival on Friday was sporting a cartoon character of their choice.From Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck to Bhim and Hanuman, one could spot various toons on cheeks, arms and wrists of children.While boys went for a dragon or a batman, the girls chose adorable Donald Duck or Mickey Mouse.\"These tattoos look cute and since they are not permanent, they are harmless,\" said Gowri Shah, a Class XII student who got Donald and Mickey conversing on her arm. Angry Bird tattoos were another craze among the youths visiting the Carnival.\"The best part about getting an Angry Bird tattoo is interesting expression of birds and their vibrant colours. They make heads turn,\" said Raghav Sud, a BTech-III student.Every visitor to the Carnival is coming to check out the tattoos at least once as Angry Birds, Dragons and cartoons are in this season,\" said Manisha Sachdeva, a fine arts student making tattoos at the Carnival.For many, the Carnival paved the way back into the good old days, when Disney ruled the cartoon world every evening.\"I remember watching Disney Hour when I was in school. It used to be such a craze among all the friends that we would discuss it in the class every day,\" said Shivani Verma, a BA-III student.For BCom-II student Abhinav Dhariwal, it was an overwhelming experience to see cartoon characters of yesteryears come alive inform of tattoos.\"Donald Duck and Batman have been my favourites since childhood. I have downloaded about 100 episodes of their cartoon series as they are no more aired on TV,\" he added.The Carnival did not disappoint kids with its numerous fun activity stalls, scrumptious food and swings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346485", "title": "Interactive sessions surprises parents", "text": "LUDHIANA: With questions like \"What colour is your dress?\", \"How did you to come to school?,\" \"Who all are there in your family?\", \"Who loves you the most?\", etc, the interaction sessions for nursery admissions kicked-off at various schools including Bal Bharti Public School in Dugri, Sacred Heart Convent School in Sarabha Nagar, and DPS School in Ayali Kalan.Paramjit Singh, 30, a resident of Gill Road, said, \"My daughter cleared the first round with confidence while answering all the questions, but when it came to the second round, surprisingly, she could not even answer a single question. Thus, leaving us confused and tense about the result.\"Many parents seemed unhappy with the multiple rounds of \"interaction\". \"I agree that interaction sessions are necessary but I fail to understand the purpose of multiple activity and question-answer rounds. Not all kids are comfortable with being asked so many questions,\" said Neelgreev Singh, a resident of Pakhowal Road.The interaction session at school left many mothers surprised too. Homemaker Ayisha Narang of Tagore Nagar, was amused and greatly impressed with her daughter's confidence and social skills. She said, \"As we entered the conference room my daughter was asked to choose between two different coloured chairs - she chose the pink one and also identified the colour correctly. She further went on to tell everybody how she loved the colour and that she had pink coloured toys, hairbands and dresses. The teachers loved her confidence and gave her a chocolate.\"Meanwhile, \"non performance\" of a few students left their children tense. Prithvi Gill, a businessman of Sarabha Nagar, said, \"We attended all the mock interview sessions held at various play schools and my son was very chirpy and active all throughout. But surprisingly on the day of the actual interaction he went totally mute, he did not say a single word in spite of knowing all the answers! We are very uncertain about the result.\"After Supreme Court ruled out parents' interview in 2007, the schools choose interactions sessions for the admissions procedures, while some decided to give away seats on the first come, first served basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342420", "title": "Man falls to death from hospital building", "text": "CHENNAI: A man fell to death from the fourth floor of a private hospital in Chetpet on Thursday night.Police said the deceased identified as Lawrence, 40, was drunk and was sleeping on a parapet wall on the terrace when he slipped. Lawrence was staying in the hospital where his wife Gracy is employed as a nurse.Lawrence used to sleep in a similar manner everyday and his wife used to wake him up and take him to their room on the fourth floor. On Thursday night, Gracy went to her mother's place to drop her two children. When she came back, she found her husband dead.Police ruled out murder or suicide. \"There is no other suspicion as his wife told us that he was in a habit of sleeping that way,\" said an officer. People in the hospital who heard the screams of the man alerted police, who rushed to the spot and sent the body for postmortem to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital. A case under 174 CrPC and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347568", "title": "Sai Dharam Tej\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new film launched", "text": "Sai Dharam Tej's (megastar Chiranjeevi's nephew) new film was launched at Annapurna Studios on Saturday. To be directed by AS Ravi Kumar Chowdary, the untitled project is produced by Bunny Vas while Allu Arvaind is presenting the film in association with Dil Raju's Sri Venkateswara Creations.A formal pooja ceremony was held and the regular shooting will commence from next month. Mega heroes Chiranjeevi, Pawan Kalyan, Allu Arjun, Nagababu, Allu Sirish attended the event to wish Sai Dharam Tej good luck. Anup Rubens is scoring the music.Sai Dharam Tej is currently wrapping up his debut film Rey directed and produced by YVS Chowdary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17346646", "title": "Top Jaish-e-Muhammed militant commander killed in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR:A top Jaish-e-Muhammed militant commander was killed in an encounter with security forces in Sopore in north Kashmir's Baramullah district in the wee hours today.Sopore Police and 22 Rashtriya Rifles cordoned Chatlora village, 55 kms from here, at around 1am after receiving information that a self-styled divisional commander of foreign origin of the outfit was hiding in a village, official sources told PTI.At around 4am, when the security forces were conducting search operations, the militant opened fire and he was killed in the exchange of fire, the sources said.The militant was operating with the code names Shoaib and Yasir and was active in Sopore area from 2007, they said, adding he had come to Kashmir in 2002.He was involved in many field killings and attacks on mainstream politicians, the sources said, describing his killing as a \"great achievement\".A sub-inspector identified as Dilraj was also injured in the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344471", "title": "Migratory birds steer clear of Sukhna Lake after desilting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even generous estimates of migratory birds currently at the Sukhna lake would not make for the 1,000 to 3,000 number being bandied about. Extensive rowing practice at the regulator-end and deep waters at the de-silted part of the lake has kept migratory birds away from the lake.Although the peak season of migration is approaching, there are not more than 700 birds at the Sukhna, with a significant proportion being local birds and regional migrants like spotbills, red-wattled lapwings and black-winged stilts.The UT forests and wildlife department also disassociated itself from such inflated figures. Chief wildlife warden Santosh Kumar said, \"We have not carried out any bird count at the lake, so the question of 1,000 or 3,000 birds being there does not arise. I have been quoted as saying that 10,000 birds will come to the Sukhna. I have not made any such statement as 10,000 is a very large number. I do see that de-silting has not made the bird habitat better although more water is good for visitors and walkers. With great effort, we were able to prevent de-silting of a small part at the regulator-end this summer. Rowing is also disturbing the birds. We have repeatedly written to authorities to control the practice but in vain. It is a wonder birds are still coming to the lake despite so many sources of disturbance.\"The chief wildlife warden pointed out that silt and marshes provide ideal habitat for migratory waterfowl as there is food, shelter, cover and resting place. It is a fallacy that migratory birds lay eggs at the Sukhna. Wildlife photographer, Sanjay Kaushal, who spent two seasons photographing birds at the Sukha at the turn of the century, said, \"In 2000 to 2002, the habitat was ideal. We had a diverse range of species, including rare visitors like the Common Shelduck and the Common Merganser. But even then, the maximum count was not more than 3,000 to 4,000.''The first migratory bird seen at the Sukhna this season was a solitary Common Pochard on September 20. While there is no sign of the Greylag geese yet, 33 Bar-headed geese were seen on November 9. However, the geese's favoured habitat at the regulator-end is severely disturbed by rowing. The endangered Ferruginous Pochards have not made an appearance this year. Around 110 of the birds were seen at the Sukhna in October, 2009. Other species at the Sukhna include more than 200 Brahminy ducks or Ruddy shelducks, a flock of large cormorants, Common pochards, Tufted ducks and a sprinkling of Mallards, Gadwals and Northern Shovelors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343522", "title": "Waiting for cylinder: Calangute residents and consumer forum", "text": "PANAJI: The Calangute residents and consumer forum (CRCF) has petitioned the Bardez deputy collector as hundreds of consumers have not received their gas cylinder refills.The issue was debated at the consumer forum's monthly meeting and residents decided to seek the sub-divisional magistrate's intervention for relief.The entire village and over seven other villages, including domestic and commercial consumers in the dense beach belt, are dependent on a single agency for their needs. Sources said there are over 5,000 deliveries pending. Many consumers, including senior citizens also complained telephonically and submitted written representations. Booking of LPG refills was done as per the procedure laid down by HPCL .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344261", "title": "Metro rail project report delayed again", "text": "NAGPUR: The detailed project report (DPR) of Nagpur metro rail has been delayed again with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) setting a new deadline of mid-December. The agency was supposed to submit the report to Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), the nodal agency, in September. However, the date is being postponed again and again.Meanwhile, city MP Vilas Muttemwar will move a calling attention motion in Lok Sabha next week. He will also raise issues related to the project, including setting up the central metro station on Central Jail land, underground metro in crowded areas, etc. Delay in preparation of DPR of Nagpur metro rail will also be raised. He had sought more central funds from the project in the last session.NIT chairman Pravin Darade told TOI that DMRC was having some problems with transport density figures but it was expected to be sorted out soon. \"We should get the report by December 15,\" he said. So far DMRC had not cited any reason for delay just saying the work was taking more time than expected.Meanwhile, Muttemwar said that he had been following up the DPR issue constantly. \"DMRC officials told me that the DPR had to be prepared in great detail. It could not afford to rush it. The corporation is preparing DPRs of several cities. It is also sought additional data like geological survey report, location of railway lines, telephone lines, etc. \"Geological survey is important because the soil strata must be known to determine whether an underground or elevated track can be laid there,\" he explained.The memorandum of understanding (MoU) between NIT and DMRC for preparing the DPR was signed on February 22. At that time DMRC had promised to submit the DPR by September. After preliminary formalities, DMRC started traffic surveys from March 17. Two types of surveys were conducted- screen line volume count and turning volume count. Then DMRC conducted outer cordon, parking and door-to-door surveys. All the five surveys were completed by June - on time - and then DMRC started the actual preparation of DPR in New Delhi.Screen line volume count was done at railway overbridges, flyovers, railway underbridges, nullah crossings, etc. The turning volume count was done at prominent squares and traffic junctions. Apparently, DMRC feels that there are some errors in the results and hence is reconciling the figures.Missed deadlinesSeptember: NIT and DMRC sign MoU on February 22. DMRC promises to submit DPR in September. Completes five surveys by June. DPR submission postponed to October in August. DMRC just says work is taking longer than expected.October: DPR submission postponed to mid-November. DMRC gives same reason and fixes the next date in late November. Gives no specific reason.November: Revised DPR submission date to mid-December. Cites errors in traffic density figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17343683", "title": "Tribal woman burnt alive over property dispute", "text": "BHOPAL: A tribal woman was poisoned and locked inside a burning house by her relatives over a land dispute in Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh. The woman succumbed to burn injuries before help arrived. Seven persons have been arrested for the incident.Police said 40-year-old Saroj Bai Keer was charred to death on Thursday as her relatives set her house on fire with her inside. According to the police, there was a long time dispute between Keer's husband Daulat Singh and his uncle Babulal over a two-acre plot of land.\"On Thursday, Babulal, his wife Phoolwati and five other relatives forced their way into the hut of Daulat Singh,\" inspector Vikram Rajak, investigating the case, said. \"They coerced Daulat Singh to sign on some property papers so that the two-acre land could be legally transferred to Babulal and his family members. But when Daulat Singh refused, they forced him and Saroj Bai to consume a large quantity of poison. Their daughter Anjali was also made to drink poison and then thrown into a nearby gutter.\"Babulal and his relatives locked the door from outside and set the place on fire. Though Daulat Singh managed to escape, his wife succumbed. Daulat Singh and Anjali were rushed to the district hospital where they are undergoing treatment. The Police registered a case and arrested Babulal along with six others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342312", "title": "Simran gets bail in Tikku murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: A magistrate court on Friday granted bail to model Simran Sood in the murder of senior citizen Arun Tikku. But Sood will not be released yet as she is in custody in the Karan Kakkad murder and also a cheating case. The bail was granted against a solvency surety of Rs 1 lakh.According to Sood's lawyer Aarati Deshmukh, the bail was filed on the grounds that co-accused Dhananjay Shinde's confession does not mention Sood. \"The murder was not pre-planned and Sood had no knowledge of it,\" Deshmukh said.While granting bail, the magistrate directed Sood not to tamper with evidence and leave the city. She has been directed to submit her passport. On April 7, Vijay Palande, along with Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, allegedly killed Tikku (62).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17342962", "title": "Not allowed to dance at wedding, man commits suicide", "text": "JAIPUR: Irked at not being allowed to dance in a marriage procession under the influence of alcohol, a 26-year-old man committed suicide by hanging himself from the roof of a room in his house in Brahmpuri area on Thursday.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Santosh Kumar, was dancing on the eve of his cousin's marriage. \"He and his friends were under the influence of alcohol. Some family members stopped them from dancing. At this, Santosh felt humiliated and went to his room and hanged himself,\" a police officer said.The family members saw him hanging from the roof at late night and informed the police. The body was handed over to the family after the post-mortem on Friday morning. The police said the statement of family members is being recorded.\"Prima-facie, it seems that Santosh was angry over not being allowed to dance. However, further investigation is on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343492", "title": "Date set for seafarers to claim pension", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government's pension scheme for seafarers who were engaged in lowly paid jobs at sea will be implemented from December 1, 2012.The Goa welfare/pension scheme for seafarers 2012 will be available for seamen who have completed 60 years of age, including seamen invalidated from sea service on medical grounds before retirement, and widows of deceased seamen on compassionate grounds.But the annual income from all sources should not exceed Rs 1.20 lakh.The application forms are available at the North and South Goa district collectorates in Panaji and Margao on working days and during office hours.The application forms duly supported with all the documents mentioned therein may be submitted to the office of the commissioner for NRI affairs, room No 103, ministerial complex, secretariat, Porvorim, Goa, on or after December 10, on any working day from 10am to 1pm and 2pm to 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343056", "title": "'Theatre, cinema need new writers'", "text": "PANAJI: There is a need for new writers for theatre, television and cinema. This view was expressed by actor Vinay Pathak at a discussion on Indian theatre and cinema during the International film festival of India, 2012.Pathak, who has acted in films such as 'Khosla Ka Ghosla' and 'Bheja Fry', said that today, film scripts are usually translations or adaptations of earlier literature or stories.\"Nothing new is being written,\" said Pathak and cited an example of how even today, many theatre plays are based on Shakespeare's work, to emphasize his point.Known for his comic timing, Pathak said he had studied and practiced theatre in the United States and has now been involved in cinema for the past 10 years after he moved to Mumbai. He said Indian theatre was known for its dance drama and very few filmmakers in India such as Rajat Kapur and Naseeruddin Shah do both theatre and films together, as this was very difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342308", "title": "Anna University finds fix for one merger hitch, not others", "text": "CHENNAi: The merger of the five Anna universities of technology in the state with Anna University, Chennai, earlier this year threw up a few problems. Anna University, which has been trying to set right affairs, has hit upon a solution for at least one problem.Students of the part-time ME course at Anna University of Technology in Coimbatore found, after the merger, their degrees didn't have the same value as those offered at Anna University. As a result, some 2,000 students keen on pursuing PhD in Anna University found they were ineligible to do so.\"We were shocked when asked to get equivalence certificates for a course we had spent time, money and effort on for two years thinking we were advancing our career,\" said N Rajadurai (name changed) of the 2009-11 batch. Given autonomy to start its own course, AUT-Coimbatore had reduced the duration of the part-time ME course from three years to two.The students approached the director of academic courses at Anna University, Chennai who said the course had to be approved by the AICTE. They then met the registrar and dean of AUT-Coimbatore who said the course had been approved by the university syndicate and there was no need for approval from elsewhere. They were assured that this would be clarified to Anna University, Chennai.Only during the final leg of the admission for PhD candidates did they realize Anna University, Chennai, was not satisfied with AUT-Coimbatore's reply.Now, AU vice-chancellor in-charge P Kaliraj has suggested that the students could do a part-time PhD at AU, Chennai, by writing three electives apart from the four all candidates have to take. AUT-Coimbatore candidates will have to identify seven electives related to either their ME project or their PhD thesis, get the approval of the doctoral committee and clear the papers in the first year before pursuing their doctoral thesis.\"The idea of the merger was to bring out a uniform syllabus, administration and affiliation policy. We felt that instead of getting course equivalence we could regularise weekend courses to bring the credits on a par with courses offered here,\" professor Kaliraj said.Candidates said this would help them brush up on concepts needed for the thesis. \"The trick is to pick the right courses,\" said Srivatsan Narayanan (name changed), one of the students, whose final interview for PhD admission is in the first week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342951", "title": "Malad family gets back gold stolen on train", "text": "MUMBAI: A family in Malad had lost all hope after the gold they had saved for their daughter's wedding was stolen on a train it Goregaon.Four months on, the Government Railway Police (GRP) has managed to retrieve it by tracking down a cellphone that was stolen along with the gold.The Raichuras run a business of manufacturing and selling snacks. On July 27, Ankit Raichura (21) was returning home from south Mumbai with a bag containing two gold coins, a gold chain, cash and a cellphone. Ankit's sister was to tie the knot and his mother intended to get jewellery made for her. \"Ankit was travelling in the second-class compartment of a Borivli-bound fast train,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Bagal.\"He had placed the bag, containing gold and cash totalling Rs 1.04 lakh, between his feet. Between Goregaon and Malad stations, someone took the bag without Ankit's knowledge,\" he added. Ankit then lodged a complaint with the Borivli GRP. \"We started by tracking down the stolen phone that had been switched off. All mobile service providers were informed about its IMEI number,\" said Bagal.\"Many months later, we realized that the phone was being used after someone had inserted a new SIM card. We traced the user to Ulhasnagar,\" he added.On being questioned, the Ulhasnagar man told cops that he had purchased the handset from a Mumbra resident. Police tracked down the Mumbra man who said the handset had been supplied to him by Mohammad Yusuf Amin. Amin (32) was nabbed from his residence in Powai.The valuables recovered from Amin were returned to the Raichuras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344163", "title": "PIL seeks action on cattle trafficking", "text": "MADURAI: A public interest litigation (PIL) petition seeking action against illegal cattle transportation from Andhra Pradesh to Kerala has been filed before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court.In his petition, the petitioner Radha Rajan of Besant Nagar, Chennai contended that nearly 45,000 cattle are transported every week from Andhra Pradesh to Kerala via five routes across Tamil Nadu , including Gummidipoondi - Theni route. The petitioner contended that a large number of cattle is being dumped into the trucks. There is no space provided between the cattle while transportation. Hence, the court should direct the chief secretary of the state, DGP, Madurai SP and the secretary of the Animal Welfare Board of India to take appropriate action to enforce the Transportation of Animals Rules, 1978 by impounding the offending vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346372", "title": "One held for rape in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A 25-year-old wife of a district police constable was raped by her neighbor in Indrapuri locality here on Friday. The victim Neetu Uraon (name changed) was raped by Gurucharan Chatambar who lived in one of the houses on the same premises.In the complaint to the police, the victim alleged that Chatambar barged into her house as soon as her husband Awnesh Kisku went out for some work in the afternoon.Officer-in-charge of Sukhdeo Nagar police station Ashok Kumar Giri said, \"The accused has been arrested and the victim has been sent for medical examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17348063", "title": "Paltrow designs exercise top", "text": "Actress Gwyneth Paltrow has teamed up with fitness brand BEYOND YOGA to create a special top, which can be worn for a comfortable exercise routine.The top will be sold exclusively on her lifestyle blog 'goop'. The 40-year-old says she decided to design the top because she could never find such a thing anywhere, reports femalefirst.co.uk.\"I've always wanted a one shouldered exercise top and could never find one so we've collaborated with BEYOND YOGA to make my dream top,\" Paltrow posted on her blog.\"Made from a luxurious high-tech fabric for active wear - Supplex - this one-shoulder cami is great because it is quick drying and offers stretch without stretching out, keeping in shape even after a workout. Subtle monochromatic quilting adds stylish detail to this soft yet durable top,\" she added about the new product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344747", "title": "Cops to continue vigil in Old Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police will continue to deploy hundreds of troops and shut shops early in Old City until Muharram processions conclude, officials told traders on Friday.There was a sharp decline in the turnout for prayers at Mecca Masjid on Friday.Police set up barricades at Nimarah Cafe completely blocking the movement of people from the mosque towards Charminar to thwart any trouble. Last week saw many namazis pelting stones at the police after Friday prayers. Over thirty people were picked up by the police on charges of rioting since then and police said several of them including a few young boys were let off after counselling.On Friday, the namazis who left the mosque after prayers were asked to cooperate with the police to maintain peace and take either the Moghalpura route to their destination or to exit the mosque from the north gate via Mohajirin Camp leading to Lad Bazaar.Angered over the restrictions, a small section of people shouted slogans against the police but their voices died down within minutes as elders in the group persuaded them to maintain peace. Police officials said they had anticipated trouble but expressed relief that no untoward incident had taken place. Prayers at the Bhagyalakshmi Temple, adjacent to the Charminar were only allowed in the morning.Meanwhile an association of traders from Old City met the top brass of the police department on Thursday to seek extension of the 9 pm deadline for the closure of business establishments. \"Business has been hit badly due to police instructions of closing our shops early which is why we met top officials and requested them to let us continue with our business till 10 pm,\" Abid Mohiuddin, general secretary of Old City Trader's Association said.\"They have assured us that they would restore the earlier 10 pm deadline once the situation in Old City improves.\" Sources from the police department said the additional security forces deployed in and around Charminar would be removed once the Muharram procession passes off peacefully on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17347687", "title": "Tusker dies in Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: A 50-year-old elephant died at the Bandhavgarh Tiger reserve in Umaria district of Madhya Pradesh, forest officials said today.The tusker, named Indrajeet had been suffering from some ailment and was used for patrol duties and trained to take tourists for tiger-spotting.After the elephant's death yesterday, the reserve is now left with four male and six female elephants.Following the postmortem, the elephant was buried in a pit which was covered with lime and salt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344167", "title": "State govt denies allegations against Arasu Cable", "text": "MADURAI: A writ petition filed recently, seeking an interim injunction restraining the Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation from making any further expansion or investment in its cable business came up for hearing in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday.In his petition, K Murugan, general secretary, Federation of Consumer Organisations, Tamil Nadu &amp; Puducherry (Fedcot) had contended that the Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation never had the infrastructure network to roll out the signals.As there were no popular Tamil channels such as those from Sun Group, Raj Network , Times Now etc in the Arasu Cable service, consumers are switching over to DTH. But, the government acts with a mala fide intention by preventing the consumers from switching over from its monopoly network (Arasu Cable). By this, consumers' choice is denied, the petitioner mentioned.The petitioner also alleged that the entry of state governments into the distribution of cable services have been banned under the legal provisions of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India . Besides, the petitioner submitted that the state government using the police and administrative powers captures the network of other MSOs. Other cable operators and broadcasters would not have freedom to propagate their own news and views to the public.When the petition came up for admission, the division bench had asked the Central and State governments to file a counter. Accordingly, a counter was filed on behalf of the state government by the information technology secretary S K Prabakar, on Friday. In his counter, the secretary denied all the averments raised by the petitioner. The secretary stated that more than Rs 40 crore was expended by the Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation from the sanctioned sum of Rs 61.35 crore for creating infrastructure facilities.The secretary also said that 1.6 crore colour televisions were distributed in the state by the erstwhile government and the Arasu Cable Corporation is having a subscriber base of around 55 lakh only. Hence, the Arasu Cable Corporation is not a monopoly and the consumers are not compelled to choose the same.Prabakar also informed the court that M/s Sun Network Ltd had initially demanded Rs 15 crore per month for offering their bouquet of 33 channels to Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Ltd and later demanded Rs 17.54 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346621", "title": "Watts tries to get rid of major roles", "text": "Actress Naomi Watts says she gets nervous after landing a major role and tries to get out of commitment before the shooting starts.\"I'm always nervous in the lead-up. The anticipation of a project... I'm always trying to pull out of it. Right up until (the last minute)... Trying to get them to re-cast...,\" Hollywoodreporter.com quoted the 44-year-old as saying.However, the actress says she has realised that it's just her habit.\"I'm always calling the director and saying, 'I don't think I can do it. There's got to be someone else who is more right for this.' I know myself well enough now to know that it's just my habit and it's my process,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343729", "title": "Second Tipu-era cannon unearthed at Metro site shows deep secrets lie buried in old Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: It is a known fact that the KR Market area of old Bangalore is home to many historical and heritage sites. But the unearthing of two cannons on two consecutive days at a Namma Metro work site in the area show that old city's entrails hold deeper secrets.Just a day after a 12-foot-long, two-foot diameter cannon weighing a tonne was unearthed on Thursday, a second cannon of similar dimensions, belonging to the Tipu Sultan period, was excavated by Metro workers on Friday. The second one was located a couple of metres away from the first one at the intersection of the Albert Victor Road and K R Road in front of Vani Vilas Hospital. Namma Metro is working on the underground section of its Southern reach in the area.The spot where the cannons were found is a stone's throw from the Kote Venkataramanaswamy temple, the Bangalore Fort and Tipu Sultan's Summer Palace.The discovery of the two cannons in close proximity to such historical sites is not an archaeological rarity. But the fact that they were found buried four feet under earth raises questions about the drama that might have accompanied the historical events the area witnessed in a bygone era.The Bangalore fort was taken over by the British occupiers in 1791. Given the fact that Tipu deployed enormous fire power against his British enemies, it is natural that cannons were used. But archaeologists wonder why the cannons were buried.KS Aruni, deputy director, Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR), said the cannons could have been buried after the Third Mysore war when the British East India Company captured the fort and the palace. The British soldiers might have buried the cannons and weaponry, hoping that there would be no more wars fought in a long period of time, he added.\"In Hubli and Gulbarga, cannons and weaponry were found inside the forts. But there have been no such findings in the Bangalore fort. It is known that the British seized the palace and the fort for 12 days. Hence the second possibility is that the British soldiers were transporting these cannons from the Mysore Gate of the Summer Palace (opposite Makkala Koota) to the Delhi Gate (opposite Vani Vilas hospital) and they decided to bury them in between the palace and the fort,\" explained Aruni.He said the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation should document each and every finding with photographs and drawings, apart from handing over them to the ASI. \"They could also unearth the pottery used by soldiers and weaponry used in that era,\" he added.Metro workers were cautious on this stretchOn Friday morning, Namma Metro workers were alerted by metal sounds while their JCBs were shovelling out the earth. The workers proceeded with extreme care, suspecting that they could be in for a second major antique find. And they did. With excavations on two consecutive days yielding two iron cannons and a cannon ball, archeologists and historians feel that more rare objects could be unearthed at the Namma Metro site.KS Aruni, deputy director, Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR), said: \"The place where the two cannons were unearthed used to be the central part of the palace and fort. It was an active zone for people living in the palace and soldiers. Hence there are possibilities the Metro's digging could unearth the historical stories left behind by Tipu Sultan's rule.\"Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) officials said they had advised their workers to be alert during the execution of the work on the stretch. Last week, the workers had gone four feet deep when they realized there was some change in the texture of the subterranean surface. The pace of work was slowed down, JCB machines were withdrawn and manual digging was started. And on Thursday, the first cannon was unearthed.On Friday too, BMRC officials alerted Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) Bangalore Circle officials. ASI officials arrived and took the cannon into their custody. They said that it will have to be chemically cleaned before looking for any inscriptions on them. The archaeologists also said a clear examination would reveal to whom the cannon belonged: Tipu or his British enemies.The ASI will also take a call on where the cannons will go.Keshava TM, deputy superintending archaeologist, ASI Bangalore Circle, said the discovery of the second cannon raises the possibility of more such findings during the ongoing Metro work in an area teeming with historical sites.HISTORY REPEATS* On Thursday, a 12-foot-long cannon ball weighing a tonne unearthed 4 feet under at Namma Metro site in KR Market area. Cannon ball, weighing 10 kg, too found during excavation.* On Friday, second cannon of similar dimensions dug out by Metro workers a few metres away from the previous site.dWHERE IT LIES", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343401", "title": "Three-year rural healthcare course to start from next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-year medical course with six months of rotational internship will be introduced from 2013.Despite strong objections from the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has decided to go ahead and introduce the Bachelor of Science (Community Health) keeping in mind the nation's acute shortage of doctors and specialists.The new medical course will create mid-level health professionals with candidates eligible to apply being students who have studied physics, chemistry and biology in the high secondary (10+2) level.Azad said on Friday, \"Admissions as well as deployment will be district based and reservations would apply as norms.\" According to the minister, after acquiring the degree, the graduates will be employed as Community Health Officers by state governments.\"The proposed course is likely to be introduced in the states willing to adopt it from 2013. A few medical associations like IMA have not welcomed the proposal. Nonetheless, in order to address the serious concern of shortage of availability of human resources in the health sector in rural areas, the government is committed to introduce the course, with in-built safeguards,\" he said.The Medical Council of India (MCI) recently cleared the introduction of the three-and-a half-year course.MCI board chairman Dr K K Talwar had said this special cadre of health workers will be trained mainly in district hospitals, then placed in sub centers or primary health centers and to be taught \"some module of clinical work\". The cadre can diagnose and treat basic medical cases, get involved in immunization programmes and administer extended first aid.\"We intend to introduce the course from next April. This cadre will also refer patients according to their condition to other centres. We have also prepared the syllabus for the course. Now, the ministry had to take the final call,\" Dr Talwar had said.The Planning Commission's high-level expert group too has strongly backed the all new health cadre and had said that as a career progression incentive, they should be promoted to the level of public health officers after 10 years of service.The committee envisages that by 2022 India should actually have colleges teaching B.Sc. Community Health in all the districts that have over 5-lakh population.Health ministry has been pushing for the introduction of this cadre to tackle the menace of doctors unwilling to serve in rural areas.Only 26% of doctors in India live in rural areas, serving 72% of the population. Urban density of doctors is nearly four times than in rural areas, and that of nurses also three times higher.It's become worse in the past few decades which have seen the disappearance of certain cadre \u00e2\u20ac\u201d village health guides and traditional birth attendants, first instituted in 1986. Experts said the selection of students would be based on merit in the higher secondary examination.Azad had earlier said that he wanted an MCI stamp on the degree so that it is universally recognized.\"The syllabus of the course is also ready and is need based. If MCI endorses it, students will get the confidence that the degree has a standing,\" he had said.The Plan panel said that the course should focus on \"high quality of competence in preventive, promotive and rehabilitative services required for rural populations with focus on primary healthcare\".The Commission, however, was clear that the course was not a mini-MBBS but rather a unique training programme aimed at the basic healthcare needs of its target population.Azad said, \"We have tried everything to get doctors to serve in far flung and backward areas. But everyone wants to be in either the state capital or district headquarters. Nobody wants to serve in sub district and primary health centres.\"\"Measures such as a compulsory posting of one year for all MBBS graduates immediately after internship, with 10% extra marks weight age for one year of rural service and 20% extra marks for 2 years of rural service in the postgraduate entrance examination wasn't successful. We also reserved 50% seats for post graduate diploma course doctors who serve in rural areas. But that hasn't worked too,\" he added.The number of allopathic doctors registered with the MCI has increased since 1974 to 6.12 lakh in 2011 - a ratio of one doctor for 1,953 or a density of 0.5 doctors per 1,000 population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17343509", "title": "Banks tighten purse strings on education loans", "text": "CHENNAI: Banks have become stricter this year about sanctioning loans for studies abroad, following complaints from Indian students about the recognition of foreign universities. They have put in place a number of checks and are demanding more documents from students.\"We have a panel that keeps tabs on the status of foreign universities. We give loans to students who have got admission in recognized and approved universities abroad,\" said M Narendra, chairman and managing director, Indian Overseas Bank .State Bank of India , Chennai, not only checks the universities but also the student's performance. It asks for school leaving certificates to assess the student's academic consistency. \"For universities in Australia and the UK, we contact our representatives there to get more details about the institution,\" a senior SBI official said. Smaller private banks normally refrain from giving education loans to students wanting to pursue medicine in countries such as Russia. \"We are selective about foreign education loan disbursals. We sanction loans for a medical degree abroad only if the student and parents have a long-standing relationship with us or have strong references from existing customers,\" said K Venkataraman, managing director and chief executive officer, Karur Vysya Bank .This is despite the fact that education loans above Rs 7.5 lakh are fully securitized as per the model education loan scheme of Indian Banks' Association (IBA). All banks follow these guidelines while drafting their educational loan products. Banks normally sanction loans up to Rs 20 lakh for studies abroad, in some cases the amount can go up to Rs 30 lakh.Every year, nearly 1,000 Indian students go abroad to study medicine in countries such as Russia , China and Ukraine , among others. Students say that pursuing a six-and-a-half-year course abroad is cheaper than paying capitation fee to private colleges here. \"Private colleges charge capitation fee of Rs 40 lakh for which you cannot get a bank loan. These countries give you the same education at half the price, and banks give loans if the college is reputed,\" said Ameer Jahan of Foreign Medical Graduates' Association.However, banks are hesitating after they realized that the percentage of students clearing theMedical Council of India's mandatory screening exam, which allows them to practice in India, is small\u00e2\u20ac\u201d9to31. \"Many students have not cleared the screening test even four or five years after graduating,\" Jahan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344689", "title": "'CM robbing Telangana of its Krishna water share'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Congress MPs on Friday wrote letters to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi accusing chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy of diverting Krishna water to the Seema-Andhra regions ignoring the interests of the farmers of the Nagarjunasagar Project Left Canal in the Telangana region.The MPs -- Gutha Sukhender Reddy, Manda Jagannatham, Madhu Yaski Goud, G Vivek, Ponnam Prabhakar and S Rajaiah -- urged the PM to appoint a regulator to monitor the water releases from the Srisailam reservoir to various systems.They accused Kiran Kumar Reddy of committing 'water robbery' by diverting the Srisailam water to other canals instead of ensuring that the requirement of the farmers under Nagarjunasagar was met. Because of this, they said, the Nagarjunasagar farmers in Nalgonda district were successesively denied water for the third crop. \"In Nalgonda district, earlier crop was lost on account of crop holiday declared for modernization, later the kharif crop was lost due lack of water,\" Gutha said in the letter written to the Prime Minister. While denying water to Nagarajunasagar project, the Srisailam water was being taken to Rayalaseema , they alleged. They also told the Prime Minister that the chief minister was not responding to the letters written by Sukhender Reddy on the plight of the farmers in Nalgonda district. Sukhender said he had written four letters to the chief minister on the urgency to release Nagarjunasagar water to the farmer of Nalgonda.\"It would be appropriate to constitute an empowered state level statutory authority to ensure balanced utilization and release of water from the Srisailam and Nagarjuna Sagar projects,\" the MPs said.Meanwhile, for the second successive day on Friday, the T MP defied the whip issued by the Congress Parliamentary Party in support of their demand that the Telangana bill be introduced in the winter session.Speaking to the media later, Sukhender Reddy said the MPs have no option but to take a final call on continuing in the Congress party. \"Discussion is going on whether to float a new Telangana party or form a joint forum to contest the 2014 election,\" he said. He said a final decision would be taken after consulting other Telangana forces in the region. Peddapalli Lok Sabha member G Vivek said the formation of a Telangana state alone would resolve the water problems of the region. Karimnagar MP Ponnam Prabhakar said given the political situation in the state, the Congress can survive only when it honors the aspiration of the people of Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346661", "title": "Gerard Butler once wanted to skip flight for Priyanka", "text": "Hollywood actor Gerard Butler reveals that he once planned to skip his flight just to meet his good friend and Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra , while she was in the US.In a candid interview, Butler opened up about his affection for Priyanka, said a statement.He said: \"Last year, Priyanka was here (US) and I was going out of town to a wedding. I stay in Malibu and she was coming to party at Malibu and I couldn't meet.\"\"I was even thinking of missing the plane and going and saying hello because I hadn't seen her in a long time. But we are in touch all the time,\" he added.The 43-year-old Butler quips, \"I am still single because I am waiting for Priyanka Chopra.\"Meanwhile, the actor is looking forward to the release of his new film \"Playing For Keeps\", which hits the screens Dec 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17342922", "title": "Artists draw upon nature\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s myriad forms at exhibition", "text": "JAIPUR: The bright sun on the canvas makes up for the lack of adequate sunlight. Several other art exhibits of the pristine and astral beauty unite the visitors with the nature at Jawahar Kala Kendra's art gallery on Friday afternoon.Ten artists participating at the 'Anugoonj 2012', a week-long exhibition of paintings and sculpture, seek inspiration from nature's benign form. Be it a dense green forest in opaque on paper, almost Wordsworthian in character, or an old weathered tree trunk in pen and ink, the exhibition presents an interesting play of colours, including black and white, to impress the viewers.Day one of the exhibition organized by the Delhi-based Kalakriti Foundation has already found buyers from among the German visitors. The show which is on till November 29 has brought together 10 artists from different cities, including Delhi, Mumbai, Chandigarh, Rohtak.\"The annual exhibition in its third year also felicitates a young artist with the Kalakriti Foundation award, in artist Prahlad Karmakar's remembrance,\" said Prashant K Sarkar, founder of the Kalakriti and one of the participating artists.In the show, sculptures and murals and this year's winner Jitendra K Mishra are a standout. Born in Bihar's Bounsi block and currently pursuing MA in fine arts, Mishra's mixed media work draws upon astrology.\"Astrology has always fascinated me and therefore my work revolves around its various tenets,\" said Mishra, who is displaying his work in Jaipur for the first time.The exhibition also boasts of some remarkable oil on canvas depicting the busy and gasping-for-breath cityscape.As a study in contrast, the painting on the opposite wall, another oil on canvas has a girl looking admiringly at the moon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344044", "title": "'Principals are fraudulently certifying students'", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University kept over 60,000 engineering students guessing about the new exam dates, here comes another shocker from senior academicians who were at the helm of affairs in the exam section.They ridiculed the very concept of completing the 90-day syllabus within just 20 days (If last date of admission which was extended till November 20 by the NU is taken into consideration). NU had asked the colleges to give admission till November 20 and complete the syllabus by December 10.The academicians stated that it was next to impossible to complete the entire syllabus even if the colleges conducted the classes at a non-stop 12 hours a day. According to them, NU was making a mockery of rules and regulations framed by AICTE and UGC.Severely criticizing engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar, they expressed surprise over his statement in the Academic Council meet that 'colleges will complete the 90-day syllabus in 30 days' and 'he will take their responsibility'. They stated that principals were illegally certifying students in cases where the 90-day syllabus was completed in just 20 days.Even NU had passed the buck to principals saying that they had to certify such students before giving them admission. \"In any controversy or in a court case if filed, the principals will be held responsible and they will be prosecuted,\" an academician warned.Even in the MCA scam, first exposed by TOI, those were the principals who had illegally given admission to ineligible students. The colleges included Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru Engineering, GH Raisoni and Wardha's Shankarrao Agnihotri. Though NU had assured to take action, nothing concrete has come out so far.\"Everybody knows the reality, yet no one will oppose as a majority of members in NU have vested interests. They are associated with one or the other college which is run by politicians or education barons. So, they resist going against the management,\" senior academician and Nagpur University Teachers Association ( NUTA) secretary Anil Dhage told TOI.He lamented NU's attitude of allegedly indulging in such illegalities stating that it will further bring down quality of NU students, who are already in the lurch due to various scams and paper leaks. \"The 90-day period is well defined by AICTE and UGC. Even students need time to understand the concept. If such tough syllabus like engineering could be completed within 20 days, then there will be no need of colleges to run for six months in a semester,\" said Dhage.Terming NU's action of unnecessary deferring the exams as an unfortunate one, Dhage stated that 60,000 innocent students would be the ultimate sufferers. \"Various political groups in NU have their own agenda and they hardly care for the students. They are only interested in their commercial gains without realizing that their wrong decisions are ruining the future of thousands of students,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346632", "title": "Tanuja returns for Vidhu Vinod Chopra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Chitthiyaan", "text": "Tanuja Chandra is ready to return to direction after seven long years with brother-in-law Vidhu Vinod Chopra's production, Chitthiyaan that goes on floors next year. Her last film was the Mahima Chaudhary-starrer, Hope And A Little Sugar in 2006. According to insiders, Tanuja has been asked to helm the project since the story traces Vidhu's relationship with his first wife \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the late film editor Renu Saluja. Sources revealed that Chitthiyaan deals with a rather sensitive topic. The film will not just trace Vidhu's bond with Renu, but also her relationship with filmmaker Sudhir Mishra later and the friction that was created between the filmmakers. Needless to say, Vidhu wanted someone from the family to direct the film, said an insider. Incidentally, Tanuja had been busy with Woh Pyar Hi Tha starring Rajeev Khandelwal, Raima Sen and Vir Das and the film was supposed to release earlier this year, but it kept getting delayed. This is when Chitthiyaan came her way. Vidhu's spokesperson confirmed that Tanuja will helm the project. On her part, Tanuja said, \"Yes, I'm directing Vidhu's film. But it is very early to talk about it right now.\" Apparently, the decision to hand over the directorial reins to Tanuja was taken last week. When asked about her years of absence, Tanuja simply said, \"I have been writing, reading and learning. Now, I'm eagerly looking forward to directing. But yes, I think the Rajeev-Raima starrer should release next year as well.\" Significantly, Pakistani model-turned-actress Humaima Malik, who was seen in Shohaib Mansoor's Bol and linked to cricketer Wasim Akram before that, is being considered for Renu's character in the film. Sharman Joshi has already been roped in to play one of the male leads. Reportedly, Ranbir Kapoor was sounded off for the other hero. But since things did not work out, the makers are now looking out for a replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17342936", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcImitation jewellery has a dazzling future in state\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: Imitation jewellery is gaining popularity over the traditional gold ornaments.With a growth of 85%, the imitation jewellery sector in Rajasthan has emerged as a major market for exports apart from catering to the domestic demand.On Wednesday, ASSOCHAM-Social Development Foundation (ASDF) released a survey predicting that imitation jewellery is set to have a dazzling future as gold gets dearer and Rajasthan will serve as an important market for it.The spurt in gold and silver prices has paved the way for increased popularity of gems and stones. Also, colourful designer and chunky Rajasthani ornaments continue to find favour among the buyers.\"Everybody wants to wear jewellery these days. But prices of not only gold but silver also have soared. So there has been a shift towards imitation jewellery. The market for it could be even bigger if government relaxes excise duty on it,\" said Rajiv Jain, chairman, Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council.\"Rajasthan could be the biggest beneficiary of it. Jewellers in the state have design capabilities and a lot of craze can be witnessed among the consumers for Rajasthani ornaments,\" added Jain.Imitation jewellery is largely made of brass, cast iron, nickel, plastic beads and stones so it does not have a resale value and is available at a range of Rs 100 to Rs 30,000. Imitation jewellery is equally popular in rural areas and the rural-urban divide is almost 40:60, adds the survey report.India is the second largest manufacturer of imitation jewellery after China with 8.50% world share. Rajasthan contributes almost 40% of it. Artificial and costume jewellery from here has a huge demand in the US, Europe, Canada, Australia and many Asian countries.\"More and more young working women are looking for jewellery which is modern and easy-to-wear and can be teamed up with western wear. Also the trend of wearing heavy jewellery at weddings undergoing a change and that segment has switched to artificial jewellery, especially gold-plated jewellery,\" said Ashish Meghraj, a Jaipur-based jeweller.\"It is also economical and, therefore, people of all classes are showing an interest in it and considering it a smart buy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343939", "title": "National Chemical Laboratory scientist honoured", "text": "PUNE: Ashish Lele, a scientist from the city-based National Chemical Laboratory, has been honoured with the Infosys Prize, 2012, for his outstanding research contributions in the field of engineering and computer science, a statement released by the Infosys Science Foundation on Friday said.In its fourth year, the prize ranks among the highest awards that recognise scientific research in the country.The prize includes a gold medallion, a citation certificate and prize money of Rs 50 lakh. The statement said Lele was chosen for the award for his incisive work in polymeric gels. Seven other scientists have been awarded in other categories.Lele received his bachelor's degree in chemical engineering from the Institute of Chemical Technology in Mumbai in 1988 and a PhD in chemical engineeringfrom the University of Delaware in 1993. He has earlier received the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar award in Engineering Science (2006), the Indian National Science Academy young scientist award (1998), and the CSIR young scientist award (1996). He is a fellow of the Indian National Academy of Engineering and of the Indian Academy of Science. Lele is the president of the Indian Society of Rheology and a member of the editorial board of the prestigious journal Rheologica Acta.Lele's novel and impactful contributions to polymer science and engineering include molecular tailoring of stimuli responsive smart hydrogels, new insights into the anomalous rheological behavior of complex fluids and the coupling of macromolecular dynamics and polymer processing.\"He has many firsts to his credit. The experimental discovery of novel macroscopic self-organisation in stimuli responsive gels and the discovery of self-healing gels were important breakthroughs. His theoretical firsts include laying the foundations of a mean field theoretical framework of specific weak molecular interactions in gels,\" the jury said in its citation.The award ceremony will be held on January 3, 2013, in New Delhi. Gro Harlem Brundtland, the former prime minister of Norway and former director general of the World Health Organization , will felicitate the winners. The Infosys Prize is awarded under the aegis of the Infosys Science Foundation, a non-profit trust set up in February 2009 by the management of the company.Historian Sanjay Subrahmanyam, writer Amit Chaudhuri , mathematician Manjul Bhargava, cellular biologist Satyajit Mayor, scientist Ayyappanpillai Ajayaghosh and economic theorist Arunava Sen are the other winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "amlashole (west midnapore)", "code": "17344459", "title": "Hunger pangs gnaw at starved Amlashole", "text": "AMLASHOLE (WEST MIDNAPORE): Malati Shabar trudges through lush green paddy in Amlashole village on the Bengal-Jharkhand border in Binpur-II block. She is in her thirties but looks more like a broken woman in her sixties. She is the only daughter of Somay Shabar, who died of starvation along with Malati's sister Sombari in 2004.As she drags herself towards a ramshackle mud hut, a child of two-three years runs to her. Malati, in her wobbly steps, stretches her arms and takes the kid into her lap. It's her nephew. She tries to cover him from the scorching midday sun with her faded saree, but it is just too tattered.A metalled road, a little improvement in water supply, irrigation and electricity have been added to Amlashole's list of development but the misery of the common man continues. The Mamata Banerjee government seems to have failed to capitalise on the peace in Jangalmahal after Kishanji's death.No effort has been initiated by the government to uplift and upgrade the human resource of ill fated Amlashole, apart from meager doles of PDS rice at irregular intervals. There is no long-term scheme to enable villagers to earn a decent livelihood.\"Some NGOs tried to train these people in pisciculture and dairy farming but it was perhaps too much to expect of them to assimilate all the new knowledge and adapt to their own conditions,\" says Maloy Pramanik, a local journalist. The Amlashole primary school has only 10 students reading out loud from textbooks. \"They come here for the mid-day meal,\" admits one of the two teachers.A mobile healthcare van that was deployed after the 2004 starvation deaths was last seen in 2008, says Dukhu Shabar, Malati's cousin.Amlashole villagers still depend on the monsoon for their single crop and sell forest products like kendu leaf, without the help of an organized facility. Malati still goes hungry for days. \"We have no choice but to give ourselves up to fate,\" said Malati, adding with a resigned smile, \"...and mahua.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344775", "title": "Namdhari held, says it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a political plot", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sudden turn of events in the Ponty-Hardeep Chadha shootout case, Sukhdev Singh Namdhari was arrested on Friday from his Bajpur home in Udham Singh Nagar district, Uttarakhand.Namdhari carried a licensed pistol with him when the shootout occurred. He had rushed Ponty to the hospital and had also given a statement ; but after that he was not in touch with the cops. Police are planning to seize the weapon and send it to the forensic lab to find out if any shot was fired from that, said a senior police officer. In the evening, the case was transferred from south district police to the crime branch.\"Namdhari has been charged with criminal conspiracy (Section 120B, IPC) and will also be booked for attempt to murder, dacoity and kidnapping under sections 307/452,365/342,368/397 and 395/34 as per the FIR lodged at Mehrauli police station for the mayhem,\" Uttarakhand DGP Satvrat Bansal told TOI.Udham Singh Nagar SSP Anant Shanker Takwale said Namdhari, who was untraceable ever since he was sacked as chairman of Uttarakhand Minorities Commission, was arrested around 11am by a sixmember team of Delhi Police.In his defence, Namdhari said he was the one who had rushed a mortally wounded Ponty to the hospital and had also filed an FIR in the case. \"I have always cooperated with the police. I was not hiding. This is a political conspiracy to malign me, as I am a social worker and have rendered service in Uttarakhand's Terai region ,\" he said, adding that he cannot be treated as a suspect.Police said Namdhari came in contact with the Chadha brothers with the help of Uttarakhand BJP leaders such as Kashipur MLA Harbhajan Singh Cheema and Congress MLA from Kapurthala Rana Gurjeet Singh. A senior Uttarakhand IPS officer said soon after he came in contact with the Chadha brothers, he managed to become a partner in their booming real estate and stone quarrying business.Bansal also said that of the 14 cases of heinous crimes, including murder, dacoity and kidnapping, registered against Namdhari in Uttarakhand since 1995, he had been acquitted in 12 cases while two cases are still on against him. These two cases belong to Udham Singh Nagar district.(With inputs from D S Kunwar in Dehradun)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347220", "title": "Post delivery, condition of woman deteriorates, kin alleges foul play", "text": "KANPUR: The doctors of Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital have gone into a new controversy. The doctors have allegedly conducted a wrong operation of a patient whose condition is continuously deteriorating. Jaya, (25) wife of Jeetendra from Shivli road was brought to 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital on Saturday morning for her delivery. She was admitted under Dr Neetu Singh . After her delivery on Thursday her condition started deteriorating.The kin along with her husband Jeetendra alleged that the doctors have conducted a wrong operation, which has deteriorated her condition. They also alleged that poor approach of the doctors has resulted into severe blood loss.\"The doctors did not informed us that they needed blood. Even after 20 hours of the delivery, Jaya remained unconscious. When I asked the doctors they said everything is fine,\" added Jeetendra. However, the doctors of the hospital said that the delivery was normal and no operation was conducted.\"The patient was here to deliver her second child. Her first child was born by operation. She was very weak and this resulted in excess blood loss. We have administered blood to her and both the mother and baby are perfectly fine,\" informed Dr Neetu Singh.The doctors also tried to pacify the kin of the patient but they remained bent upon to know the actual status of their patient till late evening hours. The kin of Jaya also said that they will take the matter to police if anything happens to patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17347449", "title": "Problem of faulty power bills continue", "text": "MUMBAI: The problem of inflated and faulty power bills continues in the island city, said BEST committee member Ravi Raja.He pointed out that consumers were still receiving hefty power bills, which were incorrect and they had to run pillar to post to get the grievances redressed.\"This is plain harassment of consumers. The BEST administration should ensure that the billing is correct and consumers don't have to go to ward offices with complaints,'' he stated.He further said that consumers were upset over the Transport Department Loss Recovery (TDLR) charges mentioned in the power bills.\"Why should our consumers pay for the transport department losses. Besides, now they are being made to pay tax on this TDLR,'' he pointed out. This issue was also raised by him at the recent committee meeting.A senior BEST official said that the TDLR was being levied as per directives of the MERC.\"Since we have a cross-subsidy, we are recovering the transport wing losses from the electricity wing,'' he stated. Raja said that electricity dues to the tune of over Rs 75 crore, which includes Rs 57 crore from consumers in island city, were pending and the electricity wing should expedite the recovery. Shiv Sena member Sunil Ganacharya said that a special team should be set up and given a deadline to recover all dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17343992", "title": "Franchisee arrears down to Rs 25 crore", "text": "NAGPUR: For the first time after MSEDCL handed over Gandhibagh, Civil Lines and Mahal divisions to the franchisee, the dues owed to it has reduced to Rs 25 crore. As soon as Spanco, which was the former owner of the franchisee company SNDL, took over in May 2011, it was allowed to retain April's bill amount collected in May. The figure was Rs 45 crore. Thus the arrears were Rs 45 crore right from the first month.When Spanco failed to obtain bank finance and its dues towards MSEDCL increased to above Rs 250 crore it was forced to sell its majority stake in SNDL to Essel Utilities. The new company, whose financial condition was far stronger than Spanco, immediately paid Rs 50 crore after getting the majority stake. Then it paid another Rs 75 crore in October and Rs 85 crore this week.An MSEDCL officer said, \"Rs 25 crore is equivalent to two weeks current bill. Essel has assured us that arrears will soon become zero and the current bill will be the only liability till it is paid.\"While Essel has practically taken over SNDL, it is yet to officially announce the same. The share holding pattern of SNDL has not been made public. The data available on ministry of corporate affairs website shows that three of five directors belong to Essel, one to Spanco and one represents Bessmer Venture Partners, which had invested Rs 80 crore in the company.Meanwhile, discontent among SNDL's employees and vendors continue over non-payment of dues. The vendors are planning to stop work during winter session of state legislature to bring the company to its knees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17343938", "title": "Rationalization move to hit 24 BRABU colleges", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: While chief minister Nitish Kumar has announced several times to open new colleges in each sub-division, the state government has directed BR Ambedkar Bihar University (BRABU) to discontinue teaching in one to four subjects in as many as 24 colleges by implementing the scheme of 'rationalization' of teachers' posts. The government has directed the university to implement the rationalization scheme by November 30 and include the government list of transfers in the budgetary proposals for 2013-14 to come into force from March next year.According to the list released by the government, the university has to transfer 150 teachers from one 'surplus' college to another 'deficit' college along with their posts as a result of which no teacher will be available in 24 colleges to teach subjects like Bangla, Persian, Urdu, Sanskrit, Maithili, Home Science and Sociology.Besides, a remote college of this district, CN College, Sahebganj, will be deprived of any science faculty as a whole as the government has transferred all the teachers from mathematics, physics, chemistry and botany from the college to elsewhere. Moreover, a premier college of the state, MS College, Motihari, has not been provided even a single teacher in Urdu. Now, there is no college in East Champaran district, where Urdu is taught as a subject.General secretary of Federation of University Teachers of Bihar (FUTAB) Sanjay Kumar Singh on Friday alleged that the rationalization exercise is full of contradictions and controversies and it lacks vision and ground reality. The state government has failed to ensure its own decisions to have at least four teachers in every honours subject. In reality, many colleges have been left with only a single teacher in honours subject.Singh said Intermediate teaching is going on in all the colleges but it was not taken into account while preparing the list of transfers. Moreover, the list has been prepared on the basis of 2006-07 strength but many teachers have either been transferred or have retired in the meanwhile. \"Shifting all science faculty from a college and introducing Bangla at post-graduate (PG) level and winding up the subject at undergraduate level in many colleges is a mockery of academics,\" Singh said.Singh said the government decision has made teaching in post-graduate (PG) departments of BRABU a farce if transfers are effected according to government list. Students study specialized subjects and do research work also. After transfers, both the work will be seriously hampered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342898", "title": "Till Oct, Western Railway booked 3,600 for causing nuisance on trains", "text": "MUMBAI: This year, Western Railway intensified its drive against those who corner seats forcibly or travel on footboards and prevent smooth entry and exit of commuters on suburban local trains.A senior railway official said, \"During peak hours, Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel stand on platforms to catch footboard travellers. We also act upon complaints that we receive through our helpline number.\"WR stated that between January and October 2012, it took action against 3,678 persons in Mumbai under the Railways Act for committing offences that come in the way of comfortable travel of commuters. The official said, \"WR collected fine to the tune of Rs 12 lakh from these offenders. Moreover, 44 persons were sent to jail under Section 145 of the Railways Act.\"Apart from cornering seats and blocking entry and exit passage of fellow commuters, the Act is also applied in case of drunken behaviour or nuisance caused by way of abusive language.The offences are punishable with imprisonment up to six months and with fine of Rs 100 to Rs 500. The official said, \"Incidents of seat-cornering or blocking the entry and exit mostly occur in Virar-bound trains.\"Borivli's Amit Bagaria added, \"Many on Virar-bound trains do not allow passengers to alight at Borivli.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342426", "title": "Tragedy averted in Chennai mall", "text": "CHENNAI: Desperate to keep a lid on a fire that broke out in Express Avenue Mall on Friday, officials in charge of running the shopping centre and multiplex attempted to douse the blaze themselves, endangering several hundred visitors to the mall.They refused to call the fire and rescue services for more than two hours, during which they futilely tried to use handheld extinguishers to put out the blaze.A visitor who saw smoke billowing through the corridors of the mall finally called for help, and fire tenders rushed to the spot.\"We received a call for help at 12.40pm,\" said divisional fire officer (DFO), Chennai north, V Manivannan. \"When we reached the mall, we found staff still struggling to put out the blaze.\" He said no one was injured in the fire.The fire was first spotted around 10.45am by employees of a leather shop, Regal, on the first floor of the complex. Mall officials said they did not call the fire department because they did not want visitors to panic, and instead attempted to douse the flames themselves. However, the blaze soon spread to other shops nearby.\"We saw smoke in the shop after hearing a small blast. We tried to put out the fire with extinguishers,\" said an employee of the shop where the fire broke out. \"When we informed the mall authorities, they asked us to be calm and requested us not to create an alarm.\" The cause of the fire is yet to be determined, fire department officers said. Mall authorities said they had not yet arrived at an estimate of the loss due to the blaze.Two hours after the fire erupted, mall officials realised that they could not keep the fire under wraps any longer. Smoke filled the corridors of the complex, alarming people. The fire and emergency services department dispatched fire tenders and firemen to the spot from Triplicane, Egmore, Teynampet and Mylapore. Firemen broke open glass doors behind the shop to let out the smoke and fought the blaze for an hour and a half before they declared that the situation was under control.\"We did not realise that there was a fire in the mall. But around noon, when we saw smoke, we realised something was wrong,\" said S Bhanumathy, who works in a shop on the third floor of the mall. \"Soon people were rushing towards the exits to escape.\"Most of the shops had just opened and visitors had started entering the mall.\"We tried our best to maintain calm, but some people panicked when they saw the smoke,\" a mall security official said. \"The mall was evacuated within an hour after the fire was spotted and the entire complex was cordoned off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343009", "title": "FDI fallout: BJP refuses to help govt on financial bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: The standoff between the government and the opposition over whether there should be voting in Parliament over the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail worsened on Friday, with the BJP turning down government's request for help with the passage of crucial legislations linked to financial sector reforms.BJP conveyed its decision not to facilitate the passage of bills to finance minister P Chidambaram during a meeting he held with leaders of opposition in the two Houses, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley.BJP sources said Chidambaram had requested the opposition's assistance for Banking Laws (Amendment) Bill, Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Bill, Prevention of Money Laundering (Amendment) Bill and Securitization (Amendment) Bill.The meeting took place a day after Swaraj and Jatiley, along with party veteran L K Advani, disregarded Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's invocation of national interest to stick to their insistence that the debate in Parliament over government's contentious FDI decision should happen only under a rule which allows for voting. \"Punish the government, but don't punish the country,\" the PM is learnt to have told his guests as he worked on them to drop their demand for voting on the FDI decision.The government is opposed to the demand because it can cause discomfiture to partners and outside supporters like DMK, SP and BSP. The three parties, critical for the government's survival, have opposed the decision to let in global supermarket chains but don't want to yank the rug from under Congress's feet yet.The political trapeze may get difficult if Parliament debates the FDI measure under a voting clause: a situation in which they will be under compulsion to translate their professed opposition into a vote against the decision.Government managers have successfully negotiated such situations in the past, and the prospect of success in persuading SP and BSP is rated high even by political opponents. Government managers, exasperated with dealing with SP and BSP, known for their bare knuckle negotiating tactics, would like to avoid ceding any leverage to the UP outfits; even to the DMK.BJP and Left are reconciled to being outmaneuvered in a parliamentary vote, but have kept up with their demand chiefly with a view to harass the UPA by sharpening the contradictions within its own fold over the FDI decision. Although it is unlikely to persist with its stand at the cost of causing the washout of yet another session of Parliament, party managers are happy at the prospect of getting another opportunity to force a headcount over FDI.As it happens, government has to carry out Supreme Court's order to change Foreign Exchange Management Act guidelines in order to let global retail giants set up shop. The process will require the government to take Parliament's consent through statutory resolutions; in other words, another chance for the BJP to seek to torment the government by challenging its partners to live up to their stated opposition to FDI in retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17348143", "title": "Smile. Cleft lip treatment is under one roof now", "text": "MYSORE: JSS Dental College at JSS University campus has opened the cleft lip and palate multi-disciplinary outpatient clinic to provide service to poor patients who end up running from one hospital to another for treatment, said Dr B Nandlal, professor in paediatric dentistry and principal, JSS Dental College. With all services related to cleft lip treatment available under one roof, the patient saves time. Very often patients have no clue where to go, he added. Now JSS University provides treatment at subsidized cost. Presently it will be free of cost. The various specialists of the multi-disciplinary team include cleft surgeons (maxillofacial surgeons), paedodontists, orthodontists, prosthodontists, paediatricians, psychiatrist and speech therapist.What is Cleft Lip and/or Cleft Palate? !Cleft lip and/or cleft palate are openings or splits in the upper lip, the roof of the mouth (palate) or both. They result when developing facial structures in an unborn baby don't close completely. They are the most common birth defects.A cleft lip may be just a small notch in the lip. It may also be a complete split in the lip that goes all the way to the base of the nose. A cleft palate can be on one or both sides of the roof of the mouth. It may go full length of the palateConsider genetic counselling, If you have a family history of cleft lip and palate, tell your doctor before you become pregnant. Don't consume tobacco or alcohol during pregnancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17343013", "title": "Two arrested for 'dadagiri' over local train seats", "text": "MUMBAI: Two male commuters, part of a larger group, were arrested and fined on Thursday for preventing a co-passenger unfamiliar to them from occupying a seat inside a Churchgate-bound Vasai train.Vasai's Sonal D'Cunha (32) was forced out of his seat, abused and manhandled on October 18 inside the second-class compartment of the 8.19am local. D'Cunha, who had to travel standing till Bandra, lodged an online complaint with WR the same day.The Vasai Railway Protection Force on Thursday laid a trap in the same second-class compartment and arrested the two-Pascal Fernandes (55) and Leo Dabre (28).Members of their group tried to prevent the police-three uniformed and three in plainclothes-from taking them away.The police, though, warned them of stern action if they continued to interfere with their work. Fernandes and Dabre, who confessed to the crime, were booked under Section 145 (C) of the Indian Railway Act for wilfully interfering with an amenity provided by the railway administration and affecting the comfortable travel of any passenger. The railway court at Vasai fined the two Rs 300 each, said senior inspector Vasai RPF, Pushpendra Singh.In his complaint, D'Cunha had named Fernandes and Dabre along with two unidentified commuters. D'Cunha said, \"I reached the station early and jumped inside the train for a seat. But I was forced to get up by a group of over 15 commuters. I tried to explain that I had earned the seat but ended up being manhandled.\" He continued the rest of the journey standing.Recalling the ordeal, D'Cunha said that the men pulled him out of the seat and one of them slept on the long seat, which is reserved for senior citizens. They then sat down to eat and chucked the remains at him, D'Cunha alleged.The complainant managed to note down the names of Fernandes and Dabre as they were calling out to each other. Dabre refered to Fernandes as uncle and even took down his new cellphone number. An alert D'Cunha, too, noted down Fernandes' number and passed it on to the cops. When the police entered the compartment, they first dialled the number. When Fernandes answered the call, one of the cops approached him and asked him to alight. The police then inquired about Dabre who was in the compartment as well. He too was told to alight.Fernandes, a resident of Vishal Nagar, Vasai (West), and Dabre, who stays at Jasodi, Bhuigaon, Vasai (West) work in private firms in Churchgate. In their police statement, the two confessed to have unseated D'Cunha. They apologized and promised to never do it again. Both Fernandes and Dabre did not board the 8.19am Vasai train on Friday, said the police who had kept a vigil inside the compartments on Friday.Few raise voice against train groups' harassmentGroup harassment of hapless local train passengers is rampant on the overcrowded Churchgate-Virar route. Victims, though, rarely logde complaints, railway police told TOI on Friday.In the Vasai case, the police were able to act as the complainant had provided a detailed description, including the names of the troublemakers and even a phone number. Police sources said while complaints of chain and mobile-snatching are filed regularly, commuters choose to stay silent about harassment.Shailed Goyal, member of the National Rail Users' Consultative Council, said he was prevented from boarding a Virar train at Borivli on Sunday. \"I was told to wait for the Borivli-Virar local, even though the compartment was not packed,\" said Goyal.Several Churchgate commuters insist that those from Bandra, Andheri and Borivli only board Virar-bound local trains that originate at these stations.In the Vasai case, the complainant identified the two offenders at the Vasai RPF police chowky on Thursday. Vasai's Rudolf Fernandes said the group almost rules the 8.19am Vasai local. \"It is famous for causing trouble. Regular commuters don't go anywhere near their compartment.\"Since the arrest, the Vasai GRP have been keeping a vigil inside trains and on platforms to ensure that groups do not block the entry of commuters, which is a major problem on the route.Vasai's K K Prakashan, a Democratic Youth Federation of India activist, said discomfort while travelling in locals is a cause for tension. He added local trains have not increased since a year. The DYFI plans an agitation to get more train services on the route on December 10, to coincide with the Human Rights Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17345992", "title": "Fratricidal killings feared between NDFB-R, new faction", "text": "GUWAHATI: Security agencies are apprehending fratricidal killings between the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (Ranjan) and the newly-formed breakaway group led by I K Songbijit even as Daimary on Friday refused to take cognizance of the new faction.\"Bodo factions have never been at peace with each other. We have seen violent clashes between these factions in the past. We fear the same might happen since a third faction has been born now,\" a security source said.On Tuesday, Songbijit, who was the 'chief of army' of the Daimary-led faction, affected a split in the group and promoted himself to the post of president of the new faction thus created. Songbijit had earlier withdrawn the ceasefire that Daimary had declared last year.Assistant information and publicity secretary of the Ranjan faction, B Samijing, in a statement on Friday said, \"The formation of the interim national council by a general meeting held on November 13 and 14 under the chairmanship of I K Songbijit without the resolution of the national council is illegal, unacceptable and unconstitutional. There is absolutely no reason to form an interim national council as the present national council is in place. We have faith in our founder president DR Nabla (alias Ranjan Daimary) and we are with him.\"The Daimary faction made it clear that the ceasefire declared by the NDFB on August 1, 2011 continues to be in place and \"initiation of the peace process with the Government of India also continues to find political solution to the conflict.\"A security source said the 'western command' of the Songbijit faction is actual sitting on the fence. A key leader of the Kokrajhar-based 'western command', G Bidai, who has been made the 'deputy commander-in-chief' by Songbijit, is likely to return to the Daimary's fold if the peace talks start.\"Songbijit is unlikely to join the peace process. He is known to be close to Paresh Baruah, who is also averse to peace talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jhargram", "code": "17344383", "title": "Peace ot the edge of fear", "text": "JHARGRAM: Exactly a year ago, standing over the bullet riddled body of Kishanji, a senior police officer had said his death would be the end of armed conflict in Jangalmahal. His words proved prophetic. The guns have fallen silent. There is calm in the jungles. But fear still lurks in the heart.In the 18 months between Mamata Banerjee's taking oath as chief minister and Kishanji's death, the body count had gone down. The CPM had already been knocked out of the fight. There were four Maoist killings - two Trinamool Congress supporters, one Jharkhand Party leader and two CPM men. After Kishanji's death, there hasn't been a single confirmed Maoist kill.Cutting across party lines, the kin of victims killed in the violence in the past are happy that the bloodshed has stopped. \"Peace has returned to Jangalmahal after Kishanji's death. There is no politics of violence any longer. But fear has not gone away completely from our minds,: said Haripada, the son of CPM leader Jaladhar Mahato, who was murdered in Kedisole in July 2009.Chobirani Mahato, the widow of Trinamool Sapdhora anchal leader Lalmohon Mahato, who was killed in September 2011, said: \"The Maoists killed my husband. I don't want anyone else to lose their husbands or sons. Jangalmahal is peaceful now. We are happy to live in peace.\"The Mamata government's double-pronged strategy of development and surgical strikes against Maoists seems to have paid off. But it may be too early to say that the troubles are over. Driving through Jangalmahal - the hilly, isolated terrain of Bankura, West Midnapore and Purulia - you still hear murmurs of armed camps.Near Banspahari - a village on the Purulia-Bankura border - a poster stuck on a palm tree catch your attention. \"Mao seje jangalmahale oshanti sristi kari Harmad netara husiyar.\" It's a poster from the ruling Trinamool accusing CPM backed-gunmen of creating unrest in the area.In the Left regime, 'Harmad' was synonymous with the ruling party's armed brigade. During the Lalgarh movement, the CPM allegedly used their armed bands to counter Maoists in Jangalmahal. \"Harmads are still active in the area. Armed men are roaming around with guns,\" alleges local Trinamool leader Tarun Mondal, a state committee member.But how is it possible during Trinamool regime? Mondal's answer is startling. \"On Tuesday, a CRPF night patrol spotted a group of armed men in Bhurudanga village of Bankura, neighbouring Banspahari. Suspecting them to be Maoists, the CRPF chased them and intercepted four with guns. But surprisingly all four were released after CRPF handed them to local police,\" said Mondal.Another local Trinamool leader, Ananda Das, recounted another such alleged incident in Gidihati village of Bhulaveda. \"CRPF intercepted a gang of armed men but the police released all of them,\" said Fatik Mahato, a Jharkhand Party leader and vice-president of Banspahari gram panchayat. \"Anil Mahato, CPM's Banspahari local committee secretary, who is wanted in several cases, is officially absconding. But he is roaming freely and managing these armed camps. Despite informing police, they are doing nothing to arrest him,\" said Mondal.But the question is why would police in a Trinamool regime shield CPM leaders and his armed associates?Subrata Bhattacharya, an elderly Congress leader of the area, said, \"The police still believe that trained CPM gunmen are more effective to counter Maoists. Armed CPM men are camping at all strategic locations in the Maoist corridor.\" Former Jharkhand Party MLA Chunibala Hansda echoes this: \"The new government did not take any initiative to recover the huge cache of weapons left by either Maoists or CPM. The change of guard has hardly changed life in Jangalmahal. Power still flows from the fun here, far away from peace and democracy,\" said Chunibala.Nisith Mahato, leader of Janajagaran Mancha, a Trinamool-backed anti-Maoist outfit, said: \"Maoists still meet secretly in Jhargram. Police raids are far fewer now.\"The police deny this. Jhargram additional SP Sumit Kumar said that joint forces operations are still on in Jangalmahal. \"Many Maoists have surrendered and plenty of arms and landmines have been recovered,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17342461", "title": "'Abducted' boy returns home", "text": "GHAZIABAD: An alleged kidnapping led to three boys being jailed for over six months due to the maligned investigation of Ghaziabad police. The incident was unearthed after the 'kidnapped' boy reached home.To cover up their mistake, police are planning to take action against the missing boy's family.The 14-year-old boy had gone missing on March 23 and police registered a missing case after his father's complaint on March 26. Cops later converted the case into kidnapping and after immense pressure from the boy's father, who works with Delhi Police, and arrested the three boys on April 24 and sent them to jail.The police instead of admitting poor investigation and mistake, plan to book Ankit's family.SP (city) SS Yadav said, \"Due to allegations of Ankit's family, the police booked the innocent boys and sent to jail. The process has begun to release of boys from the jail and we will also take stringent action against the Ankit's family for framing them in alleged kidnapping,\" Yadav said.The innocents' boys who were booked for alleged kidnapping have been identified as Atul son of Satish, Ankur son of Brijpal, Kallu son of Jaiveer.According to information, Ankit secured poor marks in the exams and when he informed her mother about the marks, she scolded her over phone and at home when he reached with the report card at home. \"Ankit's mother threatened that Satender would cracked down heavily on him when he would come to know about the marks. Fearing on the same, he left home,\" said a police official.Ankit then established contact with three innocent boys over phone. Calls between them were traced and the boy's family alleged involvement of three boys behind the kidnapping.When Ankit was traveling in train bounded for Baliya, he sought mobile phone of another passenger to make call to his family. At that time the call was connected but due to signal disturbance, Ankit could not talk to his family. The police had also traced that number and also questioned the mobile phone owner.Later Ankit again established contact. During past seven months, Ankit had worked in a factory and in a dhaba in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343968", "title": "Bihar growth story attracts Ukraine, Uzbek energy players", "text": "PATNA: Technical experts from Ukraine and Uzbekistan will visit Bihar early next year to explore the possibilities of investing in the energy sector in the state.This was conveyed to the CMD of Bihar State Power Holding Company Limited (BSPHCL), P K Rai, during his recent visit to Almaty in Kazakhstan to attend the two-day global meet on 'Attracting foreign investment in advanced fossil fuel technologies'. Rai said many global players at the meet were curious about Bihar's growth story.\"We have received encouraging response from some of the participating investors. They showed eagerness about knowing the government's policies to encourage investment in a state like Bihar,\" Rai told TOI.In order to attract international players, Rai discussed with them about the enabling environment for independent power producers (IPPs) in the state. Under the new industrial policy, several incentives are given to help felicitate the involvement of IPP firms to end the power crisis in the state, Rai said.He also said the state government would invite international bidding from global players for its upcoming ultra mega power project (4000MW) in Bihar. The Union energy secretary, who also attended the meet, told the investors about the potential and opportunities in Bihar.In view of the coal reserve for another 30 years, he said Bihar has already started exploring alternative sources of energy to meet the demands. Participants appreciated Bihar government's policy for promotion of new and renewable energy sources to harness the potential of the renewable energy based power generation projects in the state.Rai's paper on 'Opportunities for foreign investments in electricity generation' was applauded by the global participants, mainly from India, China, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Switzerland, France and Canada.Talking about the state action plan against climate change, Rai said 82.5MW biogas-based cogeneration projects in the state were already in operation and supplying power to BSPHCL. These sugar plants are: New Swadeshi Sugar Mills, Narkatiyaganj, Bharat Sugar Mills, SidhwalIia (Gopalganj), Harinagar Sugar Mills, Harinagar (West Champaran), HPCL Biofuels Limited, Sugauli plant and Lauriya plant.He said the existing capacity of the small hydro projects in Bihar is 54.95MW. Talking about the prospects of gas power plants in the state, he said the gas pipeline connecting Haldia (West Bengal) and Jagdishpur (UP) will cross several districts of Bihar. M/s Sravanti is pursuing 450MW combined cycle gas plant in Rohtas district. In addition, a 206MW gas plant at Kumarbagh industrial area in Bettiah is jointly envisaged by IFFCO and Gail .In order to make less pollutant coal-based power plants, Rai said the renovation and modernization (R&M;) of the existing 2x110MW units at Barauni and Muzaffarpur were under progress to reduce auxiliary consumption and chimney emission. Sufficient green land has also been identified around future projects. Ash utilization is a part of individual stations environmental plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17345969", "title": "Two jawans hurt in twin Imphal blasts", "text": "IMPHAL: Rebels on Friday exploded two powerful improvised explosive devices (IEDs) near Khonthoujam village in Imphal West district along NH-37, injuring two army jawans.The troops of 18 Sikh regiment were carrying out their normal patrol on foot with a sniffer dog when two IEDs planted with a gap of 30 feet went off simultaneously in the Konthoujam Lamkhai area around 6.45 am, injuring two jawans. The jawans were immediately rushed to the army hospital at Leimakhong near Imphal, sources said.Following the blasts, the additional security reinforcement team of the regiment rushed to the spot to carry out a search operation. They picked up six persons for questioning, sources added. Explosive experts also conducted a search in the area to check if any more bombs were planted in and around the spot, during which the road was blocked.Trinamool Congress MLA K Sarat Singh from Konthoujam constituency, who visited the spot, strongly condemned the act of the rebels. Rebels have been targeting security forces frequently with powerful bombs at various parts of the state, including Imphal city since September, killing and injuring security forces and civilians.Meanwhile, a large number of women on Friday held a demonstration in the Singjamei Chinga area to denounce the IED blast near an Assam Rifles post on Thursday evening, which severely injured a 31-year-old civilian.The victim, N Ibomcha, a salesman at a fish stall close to the spot, is undergoing treatment at the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) here. Doctors said his condition is still critical.On Thursday afternoon, a powerful bomb planted near a private school at Khongjom in Thoubal district intended to attack security forces, was detected by locals. Bomb experts safely retrieved the package containing two Chinese grenades, four RDX cakes, a circuit board and six battery cells. They later detonated the explosives.Meanwhile, the banned United National Liberation Front (UNLF) has claimed responsibility for the Konthoujam attack, saying that it was carried out by its 'demotion team' on the occasion of its 48{+t}{+h} anniversary, which falls on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17344612", "title": "There's only heartbreak for India's 100-Test veterans", "text": "MUMBAI: If Virender Sehwag thought he could join the likes of Colin Cowdrey, Javed Miandad, Gordon Greenidge, Alec Stewart, Inzamam-ul Haq, Ricky Ponting and Graeme Smith to become the eighth man in history to score a hundred in his 100th Test, he was mistaken.Viru was only following the norm: No other Indian batsman who has playing his 100th Test has managed to get to three figures.Monty Panesar, the man who got him out, earned that name because he could get the ball to spin and bounce like a python, following which his teammates christened him 'Monty Python'.Sehwag appeared clueless against a full length delivery that turned from outside leg-stump and was bowled while playing across the line for 30. Like other Indian batsmen in their 100th Test, he too endured heartbreak.India's 100 Test veterans have generally seen other batsmen get to three figures on their special occasion. Sunil Gavaskar was the first Indian to get there against Pakistan at Lahore's Gaddafi Stadium in 1984 and he made 48 and 37. Zaheer Abbas (168) and Mohinder Amarnath (101) scored hundreds in the drawn game.Dilip Vengsarkar was capped for the 100th time on his home ground at the Wankhede against New Zealand on a dustbowl and India suffered an embarrassing defeat with the skipper managing scores of 25 and a blob.Krish Srikkanth was the closest anyone got to scoring a hundred as the dashing opener made 94. While Kapil Dev reached the coveted mark in Karachi , we won't analyse his 100thTest effort as he qualifies more as an all rounder.What about Sachin Tendulkar, though? The master got to the mark at the Oval in 2002 and he looked good for a three-figure score, but his efforts were cut short at 54 as he fell LBW to Andrew Caddick. The players he saw making tons in that high-scoring draw were Michael Vaughan (195) and Rahul Dravid (217).Dravid, like Vengsarkar, reached the 100-Test mark at the Wankhede and like the former skipper and chief selector, he was the captain of a side that lost badly. Dravid's contribution in that Test against England was 52 and 9. Andrew Strauss (128) was the gate-crasher of the Wall's party.Barring VVS Laxman , who featured in a win over Australia, in Nagpur, in 2008, none of the batsmen playing in the 100th Test have tasted victory.In fact, Laxman's 64 in the first innings of that Test, is the highest score by an Indian batsman playing in his 100th Test. His 100th Test saw tons from Sachin Tendulkar (109) and Simon Katich (102).Sehwag, playing in his 100th Test has already seen Cheteshwar Pujara reach three figures from the comfort of the dressing room when he would have preferred to do the same in the heat and dust in the middle. He has a chance to do that in the second innings, though. Can Viru break the jinx?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17344354", "title": "Drug kingpin used fake passports to travel in India", "text": "KOCHI: After Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) suspect Tahawwur Hussain Rana , who gave the slip to Indian enforcement agencies till he was nabbed by FBI for terrorist activities, another foreign national has been taking the enforcement agencies in the country for a ride by operating a drug cartel using multiple identities .The foreigner used fake passports to stay in the country and managed the activities of the cartel from ports in Mumbai, Kochi and Thoothukudi. The efforts to trace his real identity with his Canadian passport fell flat when the Canadian government reported that no such passport was issued.The activities of the foreigner came under scanner after Kochi unit of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) probed a case in which around 29 kg of hashish was seized from a vehicle parked in front of a hotel on MG road in November 2009. Two people were caught in connection with this incident.\"Though it was suspected that the foreigner, identified as Henry, had come from London , a detailed probe ascertained that he was using a Canadian passport to stay at various places in the country. We crosschecked the details of the passport with the Canadian government and they finally confirmed that the passport was fake,\" said a DRI official.Further probe revealed that the foreigner was using different Canadian passports at different destinations. \"After two of his agents were arrested from Kochi, he went into hiding. He is holed up somewhere in the country,\" an officer said.The seized hashish was brought to Kochi from Nepal and the accused were planning to ship the contraband in containers specifically used to export garments from Indian ports to the US and Europe.The accused arrested by DRI were Ramesh Kumar , a Tirupur-based garment exporter and his customs house agent Ramaraj.As per the submission made by the accused, the foreigner had come to India as a businessman and used to frequent Pakistan and Afghanistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343084", "title": "Nine-year-old\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death fuels stir over corporal punishment", "text": "JAIPUR: Social activists demanding separate guidelines on elimination of corporal punishment on Friday conducted a candlelight vigil in the backdrop of the recent death of a minor student after she was badly beaten by her teacher.The activists and family members of nine-year-old Piya Choudhary, a victim of corporal punishment, organized the vigil in her memory at Statue Circle. Schoolchildren who attended the meeting hold placards showing messages against corporal punishment.\"Many cases of corporal punishment have come into light in the recent past and Piya was one of them. It is all happening because there is no guideline on elimination of corporal punishment in the state,\" Vijay Goyal, a social rights activist, said.Unlike West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan is lagging behind in keeping a check on corporal punishment, he said. Though the state government has already imposed a ban on corporal punishment, there is no detailed guideline to define mental and physical corporal punishment which gives \"benefit\" to the accused of corporal punishment, Goyal claimed.There are separate guidelines framed by National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) against corporal punishment. The NCPCR's guidelines cover all aspects to create a corporal punishment-free environment in schools. However, the state is yet to prepare its own guidelines on elimination of corporal punishment. Now, Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RSCPCR) has stepped up efforts to draft separate guidelines for elimination of corporal punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17344419", "title": "Schools should incorporate Tibetan history in curriculum, says Tenzin Tsundue", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seated amidst a small group in the drawing room of a city apartment, Tenzin Tsundue, Tibetan writer and activist elaborated on the plight of Tibetans and the non-violent struggle to attain self governance from the Chinese government, to a group of civil activists and social workers from the city. One of the most vocal activists from the Tibetan community in exile, Tsundue stressed upon the need to incorporate the history of the region along the Himalayan borders in the academic curriculum to ensure their history and social roots are made familiar to children across the country.\"History textbooks offer portions on various cultures and races but there is only minimal reference to people living along the Himalayan borders. For example, even people in the North are aware about the Southern dynasties and kingdoms and vice versa but there is no clear understanding about people in these regions,\" said Tenzin Tsundue.Tsundue was in the city for a brief while and participated in the informal discussion held at the residence of P Chandran, a social activist near Textool bridge in the city. Former communist veteran S Nagarajan was also part of the discussion as Tsundue spoke of the plight of Tibetans and expressed his concern over the arms race between India and China. He condemned the Chinese conspiracy to slowly wipe out the cultural and ethnic identity of the Tibetans by deliberate forced migration of Chinese workers and people into the region. \"The Chinese have already successfully done this in Mongolia. About 95 percent of people in Mongolia now speak Chinese instead of their local language,\" Tsundue added.The discussion touched upon the political history of China and the country's strained relationship with India. India's two pronged approach in dealing with international crisis involving countries like Tibet and Burma was also discussed. Tsundue said that India focussed on maintaining economic ties with China. The non-violent Tibetan resistance was brought to the fore when as many as 78 people immolated themselves for the cause to seek intervention and resolution from the international community.Tsundue came under the international spotlight after he waved flags of protest against Wen Jiabo, Chinese Premier, during his 2005 visit to Bangalore. He is also an author and a poet but has taken a break from writing to concentrate on the Tibetan resistance movement. He is the present General Secretary of Friends of Tibet organisation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344590", "title": "Hop-on-hop-off for southern spots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Get set for a fun ride to newly-developed tourist spots in the southern sectors of the city on a hop-on-hop-off bus as the UT administration has decided to introduce one more double-decker in two months.Although authorities have bought the chassis of the vehicle, which is being fabricated, they are yet to identify a route with taller trees and lesser traffic. The bus is likely to travel to the Sector 42 artificial lake and then head to the theme gardens being developed in the area. These include the Garden of Palms in Sector 42 and the recently inaugurated Valley of Animals in Sector 49.Secretary, tourism D K Tiwari said the double-decker, which is expected to hit the roads shortly, will complement the first hop-on-hop-off bus that goes to Sukhna Lake and Rock Garden from the Government Museum in Sector 10.Chandigarh Transport Undertaking had earlier finalised a plan to ply five double-decker buses on different routes in the city. But despite the transport department claiming that it could handle trees on both sides of city roads by running the buses on wider roads and by minor pruning of trees, the project was eventually dropped. The CTU buses were designed to break away from the stereotyped Best bus models with a more aerodynamic shape and attractive colour scheme.The tourist coach is one of its kind in the country. Its top roof has become a tourist attraction in itself. It moves in a circular route, covering all major tourist destinations in the city. The bus is also an integral part of all tourism events in the city, giving a free ride to tourists on special occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17347436", "title": "Two women die, six injured in road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Two women employees of a bag manufacturing unit were killed and six others were injured in a road accident near Sholavaram on Friday evening. The employees were returning home from work in a van when the mishap happened.Police said the van driver, while overtaking another van, lost control and hit against a tractor which was parked on the road side. The accident happened at 7pm.Two women, who were later identified as Usha, 22, and Uma, 21, were killed on the spot. The van driver and passengers Lalithaa, Parameshwari, Malar, Valli, Kanchana and Kavitha were injured and admitted to the Government General Hospital, Chennai. Fourteen other employees escaped unhurt.Police said there were 22 women travelling in the van. They all belonged to village Keezhmeni near Gummidipoondi and employed in a leather bag manufacturing unit near Red Hills. Sholavaram police have registered a case under the Section 304(A) (death caused due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The van driver has been arrested even as he undergoes treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343884", "title": "Pune police plan to frame rules for dealing with lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender complaints", "text": "PUNE: The city police are preparing a proposal to frame rules for lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender complainants/accused for registering first information report or for other legal procedures.The police have organized a workshop on Saturday for creating awareness among policemen regarding the issues of lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) people. The workshop for officers from all 32 police stations in the city was organised by the social security cell of the crime branch following instructions from the city police commissioner Gulabrao Pol and additional commissioner (crime) Shahaji Solunke. NGO Sampathik Trust that works for the issues of people from the LGBT community will conduct the workshop.Senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge said that in the recent past several cases has been referred to his department in which either the complainant or the suspect is a gay, lesbian or transgender. \"Police teams patrolling in the night also come across such couples. There is a need to train the police in dealing with these cases. There is also a need for guidelines for frisking such persons and for taking them into custody.\"Barge said that these cases need to be handled as sensitively as cases of child abuse. \"Small mistakes can lead to mental trauma to the victim or the suspect.\"A senior officer said that the city police were preparing a proposal regarding framing of rules for dealing with LGBT people. The proposal will be sent to the office of the director general of police. \"We will also send the proposal to the home department and the law department,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343501", "title": "BJP hurdle to CBI chief's entry into NHRC panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: A move to appoint the CBI director A P Singh as one of the members of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has run into rough weather amid indication that his candidature may not be supported by BJP.Singh will retire as the CBI chief on November 30.Though the government has not yet started the process to appoint him as the NHRC member, it is getting feelers from the Opposition members against his candidature.Since the NHRC member is appointed by the President on recommendation of a panel consisting of the leaders of Opposition in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, the government usually tries to evolve a consensus before finalizing the name.Though the PM, home minister, Speaker of Lok Sabha and deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha also form the selection panel along with leaders of Opposition in Parliament, it is learnt that the government may not finally propose the name of Singh unless it gets BJP leaders' consent.Even the NDA government had in 2004 appointed the former CBI chief P C Sharma as the NHRC member after taking the Congress president Sonia Gandhi into confidence. The Congress, which was in opposition, had extended its tacit support to the NDA government for appointing Sharma in the panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342384", "title": "Pakistan effect: Chepauk shuns night for day", "text": "CHENNAI: The security concerns surrounding an India-Pakistan game have forced the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) to shun the popular day-and-night format for ODIs and revert to a day match.The TNCA had sought permission from the BCCI to host their scheduled India-Pakistan ODI on December 30 during the day and it's understood that the board has given the green signal.It will be the first time in 18 years that India will play an ODI at Chepauk that will start at 9.30am and get over before sundown.Pakistan begin their series with two T20s at Bangalore and Ahmedabad which will be played under lights. The two other ODIs of the series are scheduled for Kolkata (January 2) and New Delhi (January 5) and both will be day-night affairs. But the TNCA bosses insisted that they don't want to take a chance in the current political situation.\"Night cricket is always a bigger spectacle and all associations feel tempted to host ODIs under lights. But we are looking to play it safe, more so, because it's the first ODI of the series and there's likely to be a big Pakistani VIP delegation,\" a TNCA official told the TOI.When it comes to India's matches in Chepauk, it's invariably a full-house and the TNCA bosses are confident that a day-game won't affect the ticket-sales. \"Chennai is always a cricket crazy city. Moreover, the match is on a Sunday and we are confident that there won't be a single empty seat,\" the official added. They also cited the example of the England-South Africa match during the 2011 World Cup, which was almost a full-house despite being played during the day.The last time India played a day ODI match at Chepauk was in 1994, when they took on West Indies. The floodlights in the stadium were constructed before the World Cup in 1996 and after that India have played all their eight matches at Chepauk under lights.The last time India played Pakistan in an ODI in Chennai was in the Independence Cup in 1997 and the hosts lost that match by 35 runs under lights, courtesy Saeed Anwar's 194. Meanwhile, it was also informed that the BCCI will issue 500 tickets for Pakistani supporters and it will be sent to the Pakistan Cricket Board. All the hosting associations have also been asked to issue 50 VVIP tickets for Pakistani delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342458", "title": "Attacked by fleeing prisoner, cop opens fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old murder accused who assaulted a police inspector and tried to flee was fired at by the inspector near Chengalpet, about 55km from Chennai, on Friday morning. Both are undergoing treatment at the Chengalpet government hospital.Around 7.30am, Chengalpet taluk inspector M S Baskar and his team cornered L Charles, who had recently been released from jail on bail, at his house in Natham village near Chengalpet following information that he was planning to carry out a dacoity in the area with his associates.\"We surrounded the house and nabbed him as he tried to flee on spotting us,\" an investigation officer said.The police frisked him and inspected his house but didn't find any weapons there. During questioning, Charles said the weapons had been dumped at a secluded place at Pazhaveli near Chengalpet.Based on this statement, Charles was taken to the police vehicle. Inspector Baskar, sub-inspector Sankar and three other policemen climbed in and drove to the place where Charles said the weapons were hidden. Once they arrived there, the murder accused diverted the attention of police and tried to run away.Inspector Baskar gave chase when Charles pounced on him with a sickle and slashed his hand. Though injured, Baskar managed to pull out his revolver and open fire at Charles, injuring him in the thigh. As he collapsed at the spot, the other police personnel nabbed him.On receiving information, Kancheepuram superintendent of police S Manoharan and other senior officers visited the place. Baskar and Charles were admitted to the government hospital in Chengalpet where their condition, according to doctors, is stable. The Chengalpet town police registered a case and arrested Charles on charges of attempt to murder a police personnel discharging his duty.Police said Charles had been involved in the murder of Suresh, a member of the DMDK, early this year in Chengalpet. Charles was named in the first information report (FIR) as the first accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17344555", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHer face was hit with car to make it look like accident\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PANCHKULA: The mystery behind the murder of 24-year-old BEd student Jyoti Devi has deepened with the police failing to get any leads in the investigation. The postmortem of the body revealed that Jyoti's assailants tried to make the murder look like an accident by hitting her on the head with the car.Jyoti's ears and lips bore injury marks. Police officials said she could have been given intoxicants or poison after she was hit by a car to make the death appear accidental. The victim also suffered a number of internal injuries, suggesting that she was attacked by a heavy object. The postmortem was conducted by a panel of doctors, including a gynecologist at the General Hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula.Interrogation of two officials of a private firm in Dera Bassi revealed that Jyoti was not an employee with the company, as local police assumed, ACP Virender Singh said. Police also failed to identify the suspect, whose photograph was provided by family members of the deceased.The suspect, a youth in his late 20s, attended the marriage of Jyoti's younger sister Isha along with Jyoti in Hoshiarpur a few months ago. The picture was obtained from the video recording of the marriage function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "once looked down upon for its backwardness and lawlessness, bihar is now on the move and a role model of development for other states. it speaks volumes about the state government's performance and plans to bring a healthy change in the economic condition of the poor people and uplift the target group, cm nitish kumar told toi's faizan ahmad in an exclusive interview on the eve of completing seven years in the office. excerpts", "code": "17344037", "title": "Now, others follow Bihar model: Nitish", "text": "Once looked down upon for its backwardness and lawlessness, Bihar is now on the move and a role model of development for other states. It speaks volumes about the state government's performance and plans to bring a healthy change in the economic condition of the poor people and uplift the target group, CM Nitish Kumar told TOI's Faizan Ahmad in an exclusive interview on the eve of completing seven years in the office. Excerpts:Do you think special status to Bihar will change the fortune of the state and its people? Many argue that the demand is more political than based on economics.I raised an issue and reached a consensus among our people. If the sceptics have any alternative, they should come up with, if they are really concerned about the state's progress. But they should desist from criticizing my stand just for criticism sake. If we get this privilege, it will certainly be an economic boon for the state. Where is politics in this issue?You have stated that the JD-U will support any party in forming the next government at the Centre provided it commits to granting special status to Bihar?I have also urged the people to give us such a strong mandate in 2014 parliamentary elections that we should be in a position to help those in government formation in Delhi who support our demand. I spoke in that context and not about any political party.How do you rate your own work and the government's performance during the past seven years?It is for others to evaluate my work. There is no area left where progress is not made. Our work is appreciated by several other states and Bihar is now a model of development for them. Bihar is on the move. Migration of people for petty works has come down drastically.Why all of a sudden people have started rallying around opposition leaders, especially Lalu Prasad? Does it reflect peoples' frustration with your government's performance?I see it from a practical angle. All the political parties have their vote share and support base. I have not got 100% votes and it is not possible in a democratic system. It is not that the entire state population is with me. But one thing is very clear that the so-called public protest against my government is totally sponsored. They are doing out of frustration. People know their real faces. They did this when they were in power and now doing the same in opposition. It will hardly affect me. Let them vent their ire against me. My target is the state's development. Public has given me mandate for that. If they are satisfied they will again give me the same mandate.What is your take on the law and order problem and the rising crime graph, including kidnapping cases?Some vested interests are conspiring to create law and order problem. Recently it was seen in Madhubani where a youth was rumoured to be murdered and a girl kidnapped and this led to violence and law and order problem. But both were found alive in Delhi. The crimes are sponsored which show the desperation of some people who try to project every incident as a law and order problem. We are taking care.Your government has caught some big fishes and impounded their ill-gotten properties. But, it is said corruption at various levels, including in pro-poor schemes, has become repulsive.The Right to Public Service (RTPS) Act has been implemented to check this menace and it has already shown success rate in curbing corruption and delivery of public work. So far over 2.5 crore people have benefited from this law in a short span of time. All the DMs have been asked to send one officer to blocks and panchayats once in a week to review the implementation of MGNREGA for the social audit. Camps are being organized for Indira Awas Yojna. The time period in delivering things will be shortened for the convenience of the people and the delivery of at least three services has been provided online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17347457", "title": "'BEST buses should reach out to new housing colonies'", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST committee members want the bus fleet to expand and reach out to new housing colonies in Navi Mumbai and Thane areas.\"There is massive construction activity in far flung areas of Thane and Navi Mumbai districts. We should tap these passengers and expand our bus routes to reach out to them,'' said BEST committee member Sunil Gancharya.He further stated that the loss making routes should be curtailed and replaced by these new routes which will attract thousands of new passengers.\"It will help generate huge revenue for the loss-making transport undertaking,'' he stated. Gancharya said that the BEST should also celebrate\"BEST Day\" once every year. \"This day should be used to create awareness about our services to commuters across three cities -- Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai.\"He further suggested that the BEST should promote Bus Rapid Transit System. BJP member Dilip Patel too supported the BRTS and said that it would encourage citizens to travel more by bus and keep private cars at home.When contacted, BEST spokesperson A S Tamboli said, \"If any expansion is required, the BEST is prepared to do so if there are more passengers on a particular route.\"He stated that the buses are being rescheduled in order to curtail the variable costs. It is learnt that the BEST will bring down its fleet (4,607 buses) by nearly 300 buses by March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344807", "title": "Police to analyse Lajpat blast verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police, stung by attacks on some of its highly decorated officers after two acquittals by the high court in the 1996 Lajpat Nagar blast case, will review the judgment before deciding on its next course of action. \"We have the option of moving the Supreme Court. Our legal team will be discussing the judgment shortly,\" said S N Srivastav, special commissioner (special cell).The case, which was originally investigated by the crime branch, will be also discussed with the Delhi government once a decision is taken. Sources said the special cell might be roped in for technical help and to find the strong points in the evidence. \"We will like to plead that in 1996, the technology was not as advanced as it is now. As far as DD entries are concerned, which the court found inadequate, we always ensure that we put in all details in the case dairies. All major raids are recorded in the DD entries. We will study where the gaps were left,\" said a police officer.The special cell said 182 terrorism cases have been registered and investigated since 1992. Out of them, 133 cases have been decided by the courts. The conviction rate in these cases is 68%, while 24.8% cases have ended in acquittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "islamabad/karachi", "code": "17344379", "title": "Pakistan suspends mobile services over terror fears", "text": "ISLAMABAD/KARACHI: Alarmed by the recent Taliban attacks on Shia processions, Pakistan on Friday shut down the mobile phone network in Islamabad, Karachi and some other cities as a part of security measures for this weekend, which is the climax of the holy month of Muharram.The suspension, which the Taliban said would not affect its \"bombings\" , will be extended to dozens of cities and town of Pakistan over the weekend \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the 9th and 10th day of Muharram. Islamabad, Karachi, Quetta, Lahore, Multan, Rawalpindi , Faisalabad, Karachi , Hyderabad, Peshawar, Nowshera, Turbat, Muzaffarabad , Rawalakot and Mirpur are among the prominent cities and towns where the government has suspended the mobile service during the weekend.Services were on Friday jammed in parts of Islamabad were Shia processions were organized from 3 pm.A decision on restricting the use of motorcycles would be taken after consultations with provincial and federal authorities, Malik said. Orders issued earlier had directed authorities to ensure that no motorcycles are parked within half a kilometre of Imambargahs or Shia prayer halls. Malik said that the steps were being taken because there had been 468 bomb attacks in which motorcycle were used.\"In 90% of bombings, mobile SIMs are used (to trigger explosive devices),\" he said.This is the second time Pakistani authorities have shut down mobile networks during Muharram, which culminates with Ashura, when Shias mourn the seventh-century martyrdom of Imam Hussein.A suicide bomber killed 23 people and wounded over 60 at a Shia procession in Rawalpindi on Thursday.Ashura falls on Sunday and the government has deployed thousands of security personnel across the country to prevent sectarian attacks.Malik claimed he and several senior officials had received threats from terrorists over the past few days.He said a \"big organized gang\" was behind recent sectarian attacks. \"I openly visited Imambargahs and reviewed security to send a message to terrorists who sent me a threat,\" he said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17346008", "title": "Child's play on Delhi stage", "text": "GUWAHATI: Four plays from the northeast are participating at Jashne Bachpan - this year's National Theatre Festival for Children, organized by National School of Drama (NSD) in New Delhi.The 11-day festival started with the staging of 'Dak Ghar' (Post Office), a Bengali play directed by Susanta Mondol, on November 18 in New Delhi. Of the four northeast plays, of which two are Assamese, one Manipuri and one Nepali, three have already been staged.Two Assamese plays were staged on consecutive days. The first, 'Andharat Xihotor Mukhbur' ('Faces in Darkness'), was staged on Monday. Directed by Krishna Bhuyan of Padamjyoti Moina Parijat (Rajbari), the play traversed the darker corners of life beyond luxury and pomp and focused on slum children. The 56-minute play showed the various facets of their existence and the gradual death of innocence in the hands of anti-social forces.'Buddhuram', directed by Bhagirathi of Seagull Theatre, was staged on Tuesday. The 80-minute Assamese play enthralled audience with its simple story that talked of a life that everyone desires but seldom gets, of laughter that can make big differences in an otherwise mundane existence. Performance by the special children of Shishu Sarothi was lauded by all.The third entry from the northeast was a Nepali Play, 'Shahi Fitta Lal', directed by Manish Saini of The Sikkim Theatre Training Centre in Gangtok. The 60-minute play, staged on Thursday, was inspired by stories of Mullah Nasiruddin, who returned from exile to help people out of turmoil, chaos and corruption.The Manipuri play, the fourth on the list, 'Meenam Charadi Laina Shao-e' ('God Hates Cheats'), will be staged on Saturday. Directed by Ningombam Jadumani of the Blooming Cultural Akademy of Huyen Lallong Manipur Thang-Ta Cultural Association in Irilbung, the play is based on the popular Manipuri folk tale 'Sanshelnaha Keina Chaba' ('The Cowherd Killed by a Tiger').The 55-minute play is about a liar named Manithoiba and the hard way he learns the meaning of truth. Once a tiger tried to attack Manithoiba and he raises an alarm but no one believes him. However, next time when he was attacked by the tiger, a friend who always speaks truth comes on time and saves his life.Organized every alternate year, the 11th edition of the festival has 17 plays in nine different languages. The festival also witnessed three plays performed by special children, and one of them is from Assam. Theatre groups from Maharashtra, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu are also participating. NSD also organizes interactive sessions with directors and artistes everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343824", "title": "Expedite work for development of model degree colleges, UP higher education secretary says", "text": "LUCKNOW: Higher education secretary T Venkatesh on Friday conducted a review meeting with the registrars of all state universities and the regional higher education officers. The meeting was held to assess the progress done in various development works.Showing inclination towards development of model degree colleges, the secretary directed the regional higher education officers to expedite the work of getting land for development of model degree colleges in the unserved districts of the state. The officials informed that of 36 model degree colleges to be established as committed by the state government, they have secured land in 18 districts. In the remaining districts, the regional higher education officers have been asked to ensure that the required one hectare land is acquired soon.The secretary also emphasised on organising youth festival for the students in all universities. The festival would have various cultural and sports activities for the overall development of the students. The proposals from the universities representatives were submitted in this regard.The meeting also witnessed some financial sanctions. The representatives submitted proposals in connection with the budgetary provisions for the state government's centre for excellence scheme, for conducting seminars and symposiums.The secretary also took a stock of the online education being imparted in higher education institutions. He sought questions from the registrars regarding the development of training and placement cell. The secretary also sought answers for progress of employment bureau and guidance cell. He then directed the university officials to expedite the work.The status of ongoing construction work in the universities was also taken up by the secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17344949", "title": "Ambulance owner, driver found dead in van", "text": "GURGAON: An ambulance owner and his driver were found dead at the HUDA ground in front of Euro International School in Sector 10 early Friday. The two are suspected to have been killed by some sharp weapon. Police have lodged a case of murder against unknown persons on the statement of the dead ambulance owner's brother.\"Our special teams are investigating the case. It seems to be a case of personal rivalry and a sharp weapon or an iron rod might have been the murder weapon. The mobile phones of the deceased are missing. Their call details can help us get some clue about the case,\" said Narendra Kadiyan, ACP (City).Vijay Pal, transport supervisor of Euro International School, informed the police about the abandoned bodies around 6am on Friday. He said the bodies were lying in an ambulance van near their school building.\"Our two security guards, Sandeep and Praveen, were on night duty and spotted the ambulance van around 4am on Friday. They saw the van coming and someone later leaving after parking the vehicle. Around 5:45am, the guards noticed blood spilled all inside the van. They informed me about the incident and I informed the police\", said Pal.After getting information, a police team led by Sajjan Singh, SHO, Sector 10 A police station, reached the spot. ACP (City) Narendra Kadiyan also arrived later.\"The number of the van is HR 55 H 7394. The victims are identified Bijendra Chauhan alias Kukku (35), a resident of Firoz Gandhi colony and his driver Rajendra (29), a native of Jhanjhrola village, and lived as tenants in Gurgaon village. We have handed over the bodies to their families after the postmortem,\" said the SHO.The victim Bijendra Chauhan alias Kukku's wife told police that his husband had reached home around 11:30pm on Thursday. Someone called on his husband's mobile around 1:30am. The caller wanted a body to be dropped in Darbhanga, Bihar. After some time their ambulance driver Rajendra reached to pick up her husband. Two-three persons were also in the van and her husband went with them, victim's wife told the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17347957", "title": "MSME conclave on Nov 29", "text": "MANGALORE: The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India ( ASSOCHAM ) will organize a regional conclave of small and medium enterprises - 'Building capacities for sustainable growth - in association with the Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry here on November 29. The conclave aims at bringing together various stakeholders and enabling the MSMEs to take full advantage of available avenues of institutional support.The conclave will also provide opportunity for delegates to deliberate on issues having direct impact on the growth of MSMEs such as technology upgradation, market promotion, capital leverage, and quality improvement.Murugesh R Nirani, minister for large and medium industries will address the conclave. A large number of delegates including senior central and state government officials, bankers, consultants, entrepreneurs are likely to participate.Issues to be discussed include global challenges and responses, areas of development and new investment and business opportunities, infrastructural and monetary bottlenecks, cluster development as a strategy for MSME development, schemes and policies being offered by the government and banking institutions, roadblocks in obtaining finance from banks, concepts for successful innovation, quality and cost competitiveness, and so on.The conclave is open for micro, small and medium enterprises, bankers, private equity firms and venture capitalists, large industries looking for SME associates, technology providers, logistics and service providers, manufacturing units, exporters and importers, educational institutes, and research and development organizations. There is no delegate fee but prior registration is a must. Call: 9035263457; 8147276686; 0824-4260128.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346216", "title": "Successful brother- sister pair in tinsel town", "text": "These brother-sister jodis found success in the same professionZoya Akthar and Farhan Akhtar : After Honey Irani and Javed Akhtar parted ways, siblings Farhan and Zoya spent a a majority of their growing up years in each other's company, which brought them closer. Their group of friends included other kids from families within the industry. Though Zoya is the elder sibling, it was Farhan who got his break before her with Dil Chahta Hai. Zoya followed Farhan into the business and got him to turn actor with her movie Luck By Chance. Even today this brother-sister jodi continues to work on their movie projects together.Farah Khan and Sajid Khan : Like cousins Farhan-Zoya, Sajid and Farah were very young when their parents parted ways. The two have often said that coming from a broken household brought them closer. While Farah turned choreographer and then director, Sajid opted for TV and hosted many comedy shows before he decided to step behind the camera. The two have successful films to their names and make for one powerful brother-sister pair in tinsel town.Ekta Kapoor and Tushar Kapoor : Ekta began her inning by producing TV serials and worked hard to make a mark. Hum Paanch proved to be her lucky break. After making a series of successful shows, she ventured into films. She hit the nail on its head by making movies that were hatke. On the other hand, Tusshar aspired to be an actor. But he did not seek either dad Jeetendra or Ekta's help to get a break into Bollywood. He has, of course, since then starred in movies that have been produced by his sister like Shootout At Lokhandwala and Shor in the City. Tusshar has often said that the two are extremely close to each other. The two also look after their production house together.Priyanka Vadra and Rahul Gandhi: When you belong to the most powerful family in the country, you have to learn to live your life under the media scanner. Priyanka and Rahul developed a strong bond during their growing up years and the two continue to be seen at cricket matches and other events together. In the Indian general election, 2004, she was her mother's campaign manager and helped supervise her brother Rahul's campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342536", "title": "Chennaiites happy on a gloomy day", "text": "CHENNAI: City residents woke up to unusually pleasant weather on Friday, with overcast skies and a slight nip in the air. The maximum temperature was just 28.1 degrees C, about three degree below normal. However, the minimum temperature touched 25.7 degrees C, a six degree increase from that of last week. The Met department has forecast rains over the next couple of days.Officials said the changes in temperature over the last two weeks could be attributed to monsoon activity over the Bay of Bengal. Last weekend, a depression formed in the Bay, about 1,100 km south-west of Chennai, exciting Met officials and those tracking the weather. However, it fizzled out as it moved closer to the coast. \"Now, it is just a trough of low pressure along the coast,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director-general of India Meteorological Department.This low pressure area is likely to cause rain across coastal Tamil Nadu in the next 2-3 days. \"The southern districts are likely to receive more rain than the northern districts,\" said Raj adding that dry weather could be expected from November 28.Most residents in the city appeared happy with the weather on Friday. \"The whole day was like an extended evening. It wasn't even that humid,\" said R Lingeshwaran, a resident of Kodambakkam. The difference between the maximum and minimum temperatures was around three degrees, in contrast to last week when the difference was around 10 degrees C.With the northeast monsoon faring poorly, the cityhas experienced cold and dry winds from the northern parts of the peninsular region. As the system over the Bay of Bengal moved closer to the coast carrying moisture, the minimum temperature kept increasing. The minimum temperature on Friday last was 19.4 degrees C and it further dipped to 17 degrees C on Sunday. However, by Tuesday, the minimum temperature had risen to 23 degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343033", "title": "Govt has nothing to do with former CAG official RP Singh: Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday rejected BJP's allegations that it was behind former CAG official R P Singh's claims about the audit of 2G spectrum allocation, saying it had nothing to do with him.\"How come R P Singh is part of government. He is retired. So, how's the Congress party maligning... We don't know R P Singh... What RP Singh has done is somehow within the system (he) has spoken and (now) it is for the people of India to judge,\" telecom minister Kapil Sibal said.Singh, who led the CAG team that audited the sale of airwaves by the then telecom minister A Raja, said he had never put Rs 1.76 lakh crore as presumptive loss in the 2008 allocation.Public Accounts Committee (PAC) chairman Murli Manohar Joshi had said earlier in the day, \"Singh's allegations on 2G report are an attempt to malign the Comptroller and Auditor General and PAC by vested interests including the government.\"Sibal countered Joshi's allegations by asking how would he react if Singh had named him as part of the conspiracy to malign the government. \"Then Joshi should say that, why are you asking me this question? Joshi should tell who are the conspirators conspiring with R P Singh,\" Sibal was quoted as saying by a news agency.The CAG report, which was tabled in Parliament in November 2010, had pegged the revenue loss to the exchequer on account of allocation of 2G spectrum in 2008 at Rs 1.76 lakh crore.On Joshi's allegations that Congress was playing politics on the issue, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said the BJP leader must answer the questions raised by Singh.\"My request is that chairmen of the standing committee, Public Accounts Committee should not toe the lines of their party. They should be neutral. Speaker has given them powers to work as chairmen. It would be good if they do their job accordingly. Murli Manohar Joshi did not work according to it for which I am sad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17344388", "title": "DMK leaders pay homage to Veerapandi Arumugam", "text": "SALEM: Thousands of DMK workers and leaders including Union minister for chemicals and fertilizers M K Alagiri, 'Murasoli' Selvam, former Tamil Nadu assembly speaker Sedapatty Muthaiah, former Union minister Subbulakshmi Jagadeesan paid homage to Veerapandi Arumugam after his body was brought to Poolavari village in Salem district around 6.50pm. After family members performed the final rituals, the body was taken to an open ground near his house around 8pm for the public to pay homage.\"It is a great loss for me and the party. I have lost my dear brother. I don't know what to say to Arumugam's family,\" Alagiri told the media. When reporters asked him if he would blame the AIADMK government for accentuating his death with his arrest, he said it was not the occasion to talk politics.Arumugam would be buried on Saturday after 3pm. \"We will bury his body in our own land where my elder brother A Nedunchezhian's body was buried,\" said A Raja, son of Veerapandi Arumugam.Salem and its neighbourhood were tense after the news broke about Arumugam's death. Schools, colleges and government institutions in the city declared holiday and shops downed shutters by afternoon.Nearly 500 DMK workers gathered at the party's district head quarters near the New Bus Stand in Salem town and raised slogans against the AIADMK government and chief minister J Jayalalithaa for arresting Arumugam under the Goondas Act. \"He was suffering from breathing trouble for so many years. He should have been under treatment. But, he didn't get proper treatment in jail,\" said S R Sivalingam, deputy secretary, Salem district DMK. Later, city police used force to disperse the crowd and arrested a person for stoning a government bus near Kondalampatty in Salem district. \"The bus was on its way to Edaipadi from Salem and some unknown miscreants pelted stones on the bus. No one was injured, but a case has been registered,\" said Kondalampatty police.Near Edaipadi here, a 45-year-old man reportedly died of shock after hearing about Arumugam's death. P Kamaraj, who ran a tea shop at Goundampatty near Edaipadi, was an active worker of the DMK since his youth. \"He was close to Arumugam. When he heard about the death, he swooned and died,\" P Ramasamy, a relative of Kamaraj.Nearly 600 police personnel have been deployed near Poolavari to manage law and order. \"About 200 police from Salem Armed Reserve and 400 police from other districts are camping near Veerapandi Arumugam's house,\" said Ashwin M Kotnis, Salem district superintendent of police. Tirupur SP Amit Kumar Singh and Namakkal SP P Kannammal are also camping in Salem to keep track of the situation, Ashwin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342576", "title": "'Shunt officials out of varsity'", "text": "NOIDA: The UP Lokayukta has recommended that the state government shunt key officials out from Gautam Buddh University to allow a smooth probe into alleged irregularities in the varsity. Besides demanding to send the vice chancellor on a long leave, the Lokayukta also wants a few senior officials, including deans and administrative heads, kept out from all varsity-related work till the probe is completed. The recommendations have been made upon charges that the officials are not cooperating in the enquiry process.The Lokayukta has sent the recommendations to the chief minister, who is also the chancellor of the university, following an interim report submitted to it by a two-member committee appointed to probe into alleged financial irregularities in purchase of books as well as appointment of teachers. The committee has also sought extension of the two-month deadline set upon it to complete the probe.The Lokayukta has also demanded to send back the registrar, appointed a few months back, to his original place of posting. \"The registrar was appointed in gross contravention of rules which lay down that selection is to be done by the board of management only,\" said Lokayukta Justice (Retd) NK Mehrotra.The Lokayukta said that the report has found varsity officials guilty of purchasing 'dead stock' of books amounting to Rs 2.32 crore in lieu of high commissions besides gross improprieties in appointment of teachers. \"In three faculties, 60 teachers have been appointed for 1,800 students. In another three faculties, 49 teachers have been appointed for a total of five students only,\" said Mehrotra.\"There are several instances where candidates were quickly promoted to higher posts despite not possessing requisite qualifications,\" said Mehrotra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17345989", "title": "Adil Hussain to act in Assamese film", "text": "GUWAHATI: After making the cut in Bollywood, actor Adil Hussain from Assam will play the protagonist in forthcoming Assamese film Sringkhal, which is based on a short story written by eminent Assamese playwright Bhabendra Nath Saikia.Hussain is one of the few Assamese actors, who have been able to draw the attention of Bollywood through his performances in movies English Vinglish and Agent Vinod. The actor, who has also acted in the movie 'Life of Pi', has given a new ray of hope to cine lovers of the northeast.However, Adil's new assignment in his home state will be the real test of his mettle as he is going to act in a script written by acclaimed writer Bhabendra Nath Saikia, who is known for his fondness of highlighting human dilemmas in the Assamese society.\"Adil is eagerly waiting for the commencement of the shooting of Sringkhal. Despite his busy schedule, he has agreed to play the lead role in the film to help the Assamese film industry that is ailing due to the lack of a market,\" said Prabin Hazarika, director of Sringkhal.The film will highlight the acute poverty of people in a village of Assam and how poverty impacts a lonely woman and her children in taking life decisions. The shooting will start on November 27 and will be completed within the next 20 days.The film is co-produced by the Assam State Film (Finance and Development) Corporation Limited with Preeti Saikia, Partha Pratim Bora, Sangeeta Saikia, Dipendra Patowary and Prabin Hazarika. Managing director of the corporation, Nazreen Ahmed, said it is heartening to see that the state government has been able to offer financial help to filmmakers.Though Adil is anxious to know the response of the public to his new film 'Life of Pi', he is equally excited to play the lead role in an Assamese film for the first time. Another Bollywood actor Jaya Seal will play the lead female role in the film.The film will be shot at Garukhuti in Darrang district of Assam. The location selected for the film will rightly depict the rural life and scenario of Assam in the 80s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "17344334", "title": "Two held for smuggling spirit", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: Two men were arrested for transporting spirit in a container lorry on Thursday. The lorry was involved in an accident on October 19 in which a two-wheeler rider was killed on NH 47 near Thumboli.Police team led by narcotic cell DySP Mohanan arrested the lorry owner Anilkumar (36) and its cleaner Ramakrishnan (47). Both hail from Kodungallur. They were remanded to judicial custody on Friday. The lorry driver Shaji has been absconding since the incident.\"Anilkumar was arrested from Ernakulam and Ramakrishnan was arrested from Thrissur on Thursday. We found that Anilkumar had bought the container lorry from Tamil Nadu for smuggling spirit. The accident occurred when the lorry was going from Tamil Nadu to Thrissur. We began a detailed inquiry to trace the details and history of Anilkumar and his cleaner,'' said Mohanan.The police officials of Armed Reserve Camp had found 6,090 litre of rectified spirit from the container lorry that had been taken into custody by Alappuzha Traffic police. After the road accident, the traffic police shifted the lorry to the premises of the AR Camp as the traffic police station doesn't have parking space.However, when the police officials of the AR Camp strongly knocked on the container lorry, they heard some sound inside the vehicle. They also saw water leaking from the lorry. It forced them to check the vehicle on October 25.Though Inspector General of Police (Kochi range) K Padmakumar had ordered an inquiry after Alappuzha Traffic Police failed to find the spirit in the container lorry, the Alappuzha SP and Alappuzha DySP ended the inquiry without conducting proper investigation and they also gave a clean chit to Alappuzha Traffic Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344690", "title": "Intermediate, SSC exam dates announced", "text": "The secondary education department on Friday announced the exam dates of intermediate and SSC. While the SSC examinations will be held from March 22 to April 9, 2013, Intermediate first year exam will be held from March 6 to 21 and second year exam from March 7 to 21. The SSC exams will be held from 9.30am to 11.30am and the Intermediate exams are scheduled from 9am to 12 noon, said K Parthasarathy, minister for secondary education while announcing the schedule. The minister said jumbling system will be introduced in practical examinations starting this year. \"Students from one college will have to attend their practical exams in another college selected randomly by the examination board,\" Parthasarathy said. Also the secondary education department has decided to conduct the IPE examinations from 9am to 12noon instead of the usual timing of 8am to 11am considering the transport problems faced by the rural students. \"It is difficult for students from rural areas to get to the examination centres by 8am. Hence the department decided to defer the timings,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343657", "title": "Govt to give funds to eliminate dry toilets", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move to eliminate dry toilets from cities and towns, the government has decided to provide financial support to states under a central scheme costing around Rs 367 crore in the next two years.Though manual scavenging is banned under law, there are 2.08 lakh dry latrines in urban areas which are cleaned by manual scavengersOf these, over 1.06 lakh exist in Uttar Pradesh alone while Delhi too has 583 such homes, according to the latest census figures.Of the other states where dry latrines are in use, Jammu and Kashmir has 17,673, Tamil Nadu 17,414, West Bengal 14,402 and Maharashtra 5,331.The Union Cabinet on Thursday decided to extend the integrated low cost sanitation scheme in the 12th five year plan, considering that the inhuman practice of manual scavenging still exists in the country.The scheme will cost around Rs 481.45 crore of which the Centre will bear around Rs 367.33 crore. \"The rest will be borne by state governments and beneficiaries,\" housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Ajay Maken said.\"Since more than 50% of the existing dry latrines are in UP, I had met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and asked him to expedite work on the scheme,\" the minister said. \"I would be writing to all chief ministers in this regard soon,\" he added.The revised guidelines of the scheme suggest conversion of all existing dry toilets into twin pit flush latrines, as well as construction of new toilets for economically weaker households where latrines do not exist in urban areas across the country.The Centre will bear 75% of the total cost and the state government's share is 25%.The minister pointed out that states have a major role in executing the scheme by involving urban local bodies and NGOs.\"States are also encouraged to initiate innovative scheme for setting up eco-friendly toilets in urban areas. There is also a provision for providing incentives to NGOs for actively participating in the project,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400644", "title": "Slug: Moral policing blanket ban on night parties", "text": "RAIPUR: The Raipur administration has virtually taken out all the fun from the city's nightlife, much to the dismay of Raipur's youth, by imposing a literal blanket ban on late night parties, in the name of preserving the 'state's culture'.It's been over a month since the district administration banned parties, an obvious fallout of the negative publicity that a pool party, held at a star hotel in August last week, attracted. The officials are rigid about revoking the ban.On September 3, the Raipur collector had imposed a ban on parties, in all hotels, clubs and even farm houses, under Sec 133 CrPC (preventing public nuisance) on grounds that obscenity, drinking and smoking is being promoted under the garb of such 'entertainment' parties and gatherings. Though the written order bans only the 'hookah parties' hoteliers and bar-owners confide that all-late night parties are off because of the unwritten diktat. \"There is a virtual curfew in bars and hotels after 10pm,\" said a bar-owner on condition of anonymity.According to senior superintendent of police (SSP), Deepanshu Kabra, the ban was imposed following information that indecent exposure and 'hukka-pan\" was being promoted at certain hotels, restaurants and farmhouses. He said girls were being invited from Maharshtra to perform sexually provocative dances, which were having a bad impact on the city's youngsters who attend these parties. v However, not many, especially the youngsters, agree with the SSP. \"If they are so touchy about provocative dances, they should have not invited the 'halkat jawani' and 'chamak chhalo' girl, an apparent reference to Kareena Kapoor , to the recently held state function,\" said Raj Kumar a student at a local college.Agreeing that the police should come down heavily upon any drug abuse at these parties, most youth opine that there is no violation of law if a citizen of a legally permissible age, has a peg or two or smokes a hukka. Rather than imposing bans, the police should enforce the law of the land and not take refuge under cliched \"anti-culture\" funda, Raj Kumar added. The city lasses too give a thumbs up for parties. \"I'm at my best when I enter a party. Going out dancing and meeting people of different ages does a lot of good for the mind and body,\" said Ritika, a college student. \"We know our rights and limitations but just in the name of culture, nobody should restrict our freedom,\" she added.However, there are many who denounce the party culture and claim that it has a bad effect on youngsters. \"Enjoying with friends is not bad but party with booze is only destroying our culture. Somebody should take an initiative and stop these activities which are just uprooting our values,\" said Parminder, a parent of adult children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344577", "title": "Kolkata to host national school drama festival", "text": "KOLKATA: The British Council, in association with the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority and Manchester Metropolitan University, will present the National School Drama Festival finals at GD Birla Sabhagar on December 2. Noted theatre promoter and actor Sanjana Kapoor will flag off the festival.This year's theme - titled 'India - UK: A Modern Fairytale' - focuses on cultural relations between India and the UK.Nearly 200 schools had applied for the competition, out of which 45 participated in the semi-finals held in Delhi in September. Of them, student from eight schools will now enact their one-act play for the final competition. The schools appearing for the final performances are Future Hope (Kolkata), Birla High for Boys (Kolkata), MC Kejriwal Vidyapeeth (Liluah), St Mark's School ( Meera Bagh, Delhi), Adhyapana School (Madhurai), Christ International (Trivandrum), Springdales School (Delhi) and St Mary's English School (Udipi). The best actor, best actress and the best teacher coordinator will win a week-long theatre course at the Manchester Metropolitan University, Crewe, in 2013.The festival is supported by the National Jute Board, RP Sanjeev Goenka Group and the Education for All Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345921", "title": "People keen to treat lifestyle diseases with herbs", "text": "BHOPAL: More and more people are turning up to ayurveda and the traditional herbs for treatment of lifestyle diseases. The first day of the annual Van Mela (forest fair) at the Lal Parade ground here on Friday saw a large number of people from different sections of the society turning up to get information on traditional therapies and herbs.It's not just the poor, this time it is mostly the white-collar executives and self-employed and their families who are trying out the herbal medicines to cure ailments like spinal disorders, back pain, rheumatic and arthritis , hypertension, cardiac disorders and even genetic disease like diabetes.Stress at job and hypertension have made life of most people miserable presently, said Man Singh Verma, a vaidhya from Chhindwara.People's faith in Ayurveda has gone up manifold as there are no side effects, said another vidhya Balram Jawre who claims to specialize in diabetes treatment and weight reduction herbs.After the mela was inaugurated on Thursday evening, a large number of people thronged the different stalls put up at the ground.The stalls, some with the rustic vaidyas and others with more sophisticated ayurveda practitioners offers an array of herbs and herbal products. Organised by MP state minor forest produce corporation, the fair will continue till November 26.In the past years, people normally visited the stalls looking for herbal aphrodisiacs like ashwagandha, shilajit, sarpgandha and safed musli. Besides, some stalls would also offer medicines that claimed to guarantee male child birth.Rakesh Parihar, a sales executive was seen consulting herb seller from Chhindwara who claimed to have some herbs that can control hypertension.\"Job sales' target exert pressure leading to a stressful life, hypertension and often diabetes to the people working in sales line\", he said adding, \"allopathic medicines provide instant relief, but herbal medicines work wonders if one gets genuine herbs\".A large number of people have also been seeking herbal remedy for arthritis, migraine, hair fall, respiratory and skin problems among others.\"When people fail to get results in allopathy, they turn to Ayurveda\", Mansingh Verma, the vaidhya from Chhindwara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi/bangalore", "code": "17342003", "title": "IOC issues ban threat, IOA says polls on", "text": "NEW DELHI/BANGALORE: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) dropped a bombshell on Friday, threatening to suspend India if the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) did not conduct the elections as per the Olympic charter and its own constitution.IOA officials, however, said the polls must be held as directed by the Delhi High Court. The High Court has directed IOA to conduct the elections as per the spots ministry's Sports Code, which the IOC does not want.IOC said it will be forced to recommend India's suspension unless the IOA gives \"clear and written guarantee\" by November 30 that elections will be held only as per IOC charter and IOA's constitution.In a letter to IOA's acting president VK Malhotra and IOC member Randhir Singh, IOC president Jacques Rogge said: \"We inform you that a proposal for suspension of your NOC will be presented to the IOC Executive Board at its next meeting on December 4-5. In this case, the IOA would be invited to provide all necessary explanations and to present its position in writing to the IOC no later than November 30. Given the gravity of the situation your earliest response is expected.\"Friday's communication, also signed by Olympic Council of Asia (OCA) president Sheikh Ahmad Al Fahad Al Sabah, made it clear that the \"confusing context\" has to be cleared before holding the elections. \"Though it is necessary for the IOA to hold its regular quadrennial election process, it cannot take place on an incorrect basis and in such a confusing context. Should the IOA decide to hold the elections on a basis other than the Olympic charter and the IOA's constitution, the results of such elections would not be recognized by the IOC and OCA,\" the letter said.The IOC communication came at a time when the IOA elections, once postponed and now slated to be held on December 5, had entered a crucial phase -- with scrutiny of nominations scheduled for Saturday. Top IOA officials said the elections would go ahead as scheduled. \"The court directives are clear and the election commission has already said that they would follow it. So I don't see any reason to postpone the elections now,\" a senior IOA council member told TOI.IOC had for past few days had been asking IOA to conduct their elections as per the Olympic charter and IOA constitution, so Friday's letter did not come as a surprise. In fact, just before the news of the IOC letter circulated, some supporters of presidential candidate Abhey Singh Chautala held a press conference asking IOC not to go to the extreme. \"The elections are being held in a democratic process. What can IOA do? It is only following the court's orders,\" IOA vice-president GS Mander said. Added another vice-president, Virendra Nanavati said: \"IOC is a body of intelligent people. They understand the situation here.\"But as soon as the news broke, several supporters went to Chautala's residence for an emergency meeting. \"What's IOC's problem? We have no problem with anybody contesting in the polls,\" IOA vice-president Tarlochan Singh told TOI, referring to couple of candidates in the rival Randhir Singh camp who may be disqualified under the Sports Code.IOA working president VK Malhotra, in a letter, asked the Prime Minister to withdraw the Sports Code urgently so that India is not disaffiliated by the IOC. \"We are in a tricky situation. We are going to have discussions over the issue in the next two days,\" he told TOI later.The other presidential candidate and IOC member in India, Randhir Singh, who several IAO members alleged is the mastermind behind the IOC letter, could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342792", "title": "CBI chief's appointment kicks up row; BJP wants it put on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ranjit Sinha's appointment as CBI chief touched off a full-scale political confrontation, with the opposition BJP saying that the process was fast-tracked to dodge the provisions of the Lokpal bill aimed at ending government's monopoly over appointment of the head of the country's premier investigating agency.As the opposition asked the prime minister to reconsider the matter and put the appointment on hold, anti-graft activists banded under India Against Corruption questioned Sinha's choice alleging that the new CBI chief was tainted by corruption charges and was removed by a team investigating fodder scam charges against RJD strongman Lalu Prasad at the high court's instance.In their letter to the PM , leaders of opposition in the two Houses of Parliament, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley, said the unanimous recommendation of Parliament's select committee for ending government's monopoly over the appointment of CBI chief showed that \"political and national opinion has now converged in the direction of taking the power away from the government of the day to appoint the CBI director since empirical evidence shows that these appointments were motivated by collateral considerations\".The select committee comprising members of all major parties unanimously recommended that CBI chief be appointed by a collegium comprising PM, Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha and Chief Justice of India.Swaraj and Jaitley further said, \"This is a matter on record that hours before this recommendation was tabled on the floor of the Rajya Sabha, the government has chosen to appoint a new CBI director for a period of two years. The manner in which the government has made this appointment hours before the tabling of this recommendation in Rajya Sabha persuades us to a conclusion that the government wanted to pre-empt the possibility of this recommendation at least in the present appointment.\"As government retaliated swiftly by rejecting BJP's demand for a reconsideration of Sinha's choice as the head of CBI, IAC leaders Prashant Bhushan and Arvind Kejriwal said that Sinha, with allegations of corruption against him, lacked credentials to lead the investigating agency which is supposed to be the most critical component of government's anti-corruption apparatus.Bhushan said, \"The government has bulldozed and secretly appointed a person who has corruption allegations, especially in the fodder scam issue. This just shows that the government wants to hide its own corruption and wants to use CBI to protect itself.\"With his colleague Arvind Kejriwal claiming that Patna High Court had taken Sinha off the team probing Bihar's fodder scam in which Lalu Prasad is one of the main accused, Bhushan said the government should not have chosen a person whose record is under the scanner. \"Government's intentions are clear... it wants to brush its wrongdoings under the carpet,\" he said.The political row comes against the backdrop of the entrenched perception about the misuse of CBI by successive regimes at the Centre, and can potentially hobble the new chief of the agency. BJP has accused the UPA of using CBI as a leverage to mobilize support from parties whose leaders are being investigated for alleged corruption, and for harassing political rivals.As part of the effort to enhance the independence and objectivity of CBI, the select committee has recommended that the agency should be equipped with a separate directorate of prosecution to be appointed by the Central Vigilance Commission. The parliamentary panel also proposes to vest Lokpal with powers of superintendence and giving direction to CBI.However, the committee turned down Jaitley's suggestion that Lokpal's concurrence be made mandatory for taking officers off investigations they may be tasked with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17343740", "title": "Lost the battle but will win the war: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee on Friday brushed off the hurt of another failed Delhi mission, believing she would win the war even if she has lost the battle to topple the government through a no-confidence motion.A day after she stood in isolation in national politics, with the Left Front chairman Biman Bose saying the Trinamool Congress chief was still \"politically immature\", Mamata put up a defiant face and tried to project her cause as one fought on ideals, not numbers. Not that she had too many numbers to play with \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the motion could muster the support of just 21 MPs on Thursday, far short of the 50 needed for the motion to be admitted.\"I am not bothered about my defeat. I am happy that I have waged a war based on ideology and values. I will hold on to my principles till my last breath, and go down fighting for them no matter how tough the road ahead is,\" Mamata told her audience at Ashutosh College auditorium in Kolkata, speaking on the occasion of her alma mater Jogomaya Devi College completing 80 years. She also took refuge in Ramakrishna Paramhansa to explain her warfare of ideals, saying, \"Don't forget to hiss once in a while, but don't bite.\"The refrain of ideals were similar to those made earlier this year, when Mamata was outmanoeuvered by the Mulayam Singh Yadav when she opposed Pranab Mukherjee's presidential candidature. After a campaign on Facebook, Mamata eventually backed Mukherjee.But the renewed confidence in Mamata could probably also be attributed to the deadlock in Parliament as the government refused to blink before the Left and BJP's demand for a vote on FDI in multi-brand retail, which both parties preferred over supporting the Trinamool's no-trust motion.\"There is no gurantee that the Manmohan Singh government will allow a discussion in Lok Sabha , followed by voting. They (Left and BJP) wouldn't have to labour so much to initiate a discussion on FDI if they had supported our no-confidence notice,\" Trinamool Parliamentary Party leader Sudip Bandyopadhyay said.Whatever the consequence, Mamata said she won't budge an inch from her policies \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it FDI or land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346458", "title": "IT hub likely in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The city has joined the list of 52 tier-II &amp; tier-III cities where the centre is planning to set up information technology (IT) hubs.An important meeting to this effect will be held here on November 26, said an official spokesman.A total of 47 MoUs were signed in the IT sector alone during the recently concluded Global Investors' Summit (GIS), the value of which goes at Rs 29,90, 00,00,000 crore. Once became operational, these forthcoming projects are likely to provide employment to 2.76 lakh people, directly or indirectly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17346044", "title": "Hazaribag DC orders inquiry into land acquistion", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan ordered an inquiry into the complaints of illegal land acquisition by some influential people near the Charowa Dam reservoir.Following the complaints lodged by villagers of Pabra under Pelawal police station saying government raiyats land were grabbed for constructing a temple, Ranjan directed additional collector Shekhar Verma to conduct the inquiry and submit a report soon. The villagers lodged the complaint at a 'janta durbar'.The DC also directed Verma to conduct inquiry not only at the Charowa Dam site but also in other places where land sharks have grabbed public land for religious purposes, sparking off strong resentment by the people. The acquisitions were made with connivance of a section of Katkumsandi circle office employees.Before the Chhath festival, Jan Lokpal Sangharsh Morcha convener K P Sharma lodged a complaint with North Chotonagpur divisional commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni about alleged grabbing of land of the 150-year-old Chhath Talab by a powerful section of the society by constructing temples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17345939", "title": "Railways registers 25% hike in freight traffic profits", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railways has generated Rs 47,063 crore in revenue earnings from commodity-wise freight traffic during April-October 2012 as compared to Rs 37,392 crore during the corresponding period last year, registering an increase of 25.8%.Railways carried 565.37 million tonnes of commodity-wise freight traffic during April-October 2012 as compared to 536.92 million tonnes carried during the corresponding period last year, registering an increase of 5.3%. The Net Tonne Kilo Metres (NTKM) went up from 3,57,750 million during April-October 2011 to 3,63,834 million during April-October 2012, showing an increase of 1.7%.Out of total earnings of Rs 7,174 crore from commodity-wise freight traffic during October, Rs 3134 crore came from transportation of 41.37 million tonnes of coal, followed by Rs 523 crore from 8.67 million tonnes of iron ore for exports, steel plants and for other domestic user, Rs 714 crore from 8.91 million tonnes of cement, Rs. 569 crore from 3.87 million tonnes of foodgrains, Rs 415 crore from 3.54 million tonnes of petroleum oil and lubricant (POL), Rs. 417 crore from 2.66 million tonnes of pig iron and finished steel from steel plants and other points, Rs 580 crore from 5.20 million tonnes of fertilisers, Rs 87.55 crore from 1.24 million tonnes of raw material for steel plants except iron ore, Rs 305 crore from 3.41 million tones by container service and Rs 426 crore from 5.07 million tonnes of other goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344204", "title": "Two girls run over by train in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: In a tragic accident, two school girls were run over by a speeding train near Madurai on Friday morning.The girls, both aged 10 years had attempted to cross the track near Paravai in the outskirts of the city. As a passenger train approached them on the track, they moved over to the next track, but did not notice an express train coming on that line. The deceased were identified as Sneha, 10, daughter of Karupaiya and Anusuya, 10, daughter of Karmegam of Kamban street in Paravai. Both were studying fifth standard in a school there.The accident has come as a stark reminder of the dangers posed by crossing railway tracks. In Madurai district alone, 57 people have died on the tracks till July this year, while at least a dozen more deaths were reported after that.Government Railway Police said that Sneha and Anusuya were crossing the railway track in their locality around 7am to attend to nature's call. They were crossing one of the tracks when they spotted the Madurai - Dindigul passenger train approaching on it. The panicked children crossed the track and moved over to the next track failing to notice the Tirunelveli-bound express train that hit them. The children were flung on either side of the track and died.Public in the locality spotted the bodies and informed the police. Railway police rushed to the spot and sent the bodies to the government hospital for postmortem. The accident has sparked a furore among the residents of locality. The residents alleged that there were no public toilets in the area forcing the women and children to defecate along the tracks. \"It is an everyday ordeal for us. We have been demanding a toilet in our area, but no effort has been taken. Today it has claimed the lives of two children,\" said a resident.\"There is a general tendency to ignore warnings not to cross tracks. People tend to consider a train as any other vehicle and predict its speed. But the train approaches much faster than other vehicles. Besides, trains can never be stopped at the last minute because the loco pilot has got only half of the controls while the railway staff in the stations operate the train in real terms,\" said a railway official, who added that they are regularly conducting awareness programmes on the dangers of track tresspassing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344282", "title": "One in every two kids unfit for sports, more prone to obesity in metros: Study", "text": "Sportspersons Sachin Tendulkar , Saina Nehwal , Unmukt Chand and more recently Cheteshwar Pujara are considered role models by many children. But despite the adulation for young sports achievers, a recent nationwide survey found one in every two children is unfit for sports.The study, which covered close to 50,000 students in 18 states between the age group of 7 to 17 years, also found that one in every four children surveyed was obese. Besides, the survey concluded that children in the eight metros it covered were more prone to obesity compared to those living in 46 non-metros . In Maharashtra, the survey covered the cities of Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur, Gondia, Amravati, Akola and Malkapur (Buldhana district).The survey used indicators like endurance, anaerobic capacity/explosive power, flexibility, body strength and BMI (Body Mass Index). Moreover, obesity was seen to be on the rise as children grew older.Children in the age group of 10-13 years had higher overweight BMI compared to another age group in the chosen sample; 22.84% children aged 10-13 were obese compared to 18.6% among the other children. Surprisingly, children from the 46 non-metro cities performed better than those from eight metros. Children in nonmetro cities also demonstrated better anaerobic capacities and flexibility.\"Even though most children were able to walk and run non-stop for five minutes, which displays acceptable levels of endurance , almost 40% of them didn't have anaerobic capacity, i.e. the fitness level to perform well in events like sprinting. Nearly one in every two children had poor flexibility levels and body strength making them unsuitable for sports,\" said the survey.Though lack of infrastructure in many cities can be blamed for the falling fitness levels among children, the survey highlighted the fact that infrastructure had very little role to play. It found that children who studied in schools with the best infrastructure seemed to be as prone to obesity as others with less or no facilities.\"It is time that the focus of sports in schools moved from mere competition among the best to the inclusion of all children and on making sports enjoyable . Fitness will then follow,\" said Saumil Majumdar, CEO and co-founder of EduSports, a Bangalore-based physical education and sports enterprise which undertook the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17348025", "title": "Farmers plan to lay siege to Suvarna Vidhana Soudha", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnataka Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sene have planned to lay siege to Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in Belgaum on December 5, the opening day of the winter session of legislature to press for implementation of Kalasa Banduri Nala project.Farmers' leader Shivanagouda Patil and others told reporters here on Friday that the political parties and their leaders in the past two decades have used the project and the struggle of farmers to promote their political interest and have kept the issue alive.He said Karnataka has seen 12 chief ministers after the farmers' agitation for irrigation project started and none of them had made serious efforts to take up the project and complete the work. \"The government instead of putting forth excuses should act and complete the works. We will stage a demonstration in front of the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in Belgaum on Dec 5\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344688", "title": "Daughters donate father's body to Kakatiya Medical College", "text": "The daughters of an 81-year-old man donated his body to the Kakatiya Medical College (KMC) in Warangal on Friday. According to family members of the deceased, M S Mani, a retired village development officer of Manthini mandal of Karimnagar, they kept his pledge to donate his body to the medical college. Mani died of an illness on Friday morning at a private hospital at Hanamkonda. As per his wishes, the two daughters, Bharathi and Revathi, handed over their father's body to the KMC. Mani is survived by wife Sakkubai and the two daughters. KMC vice principal Dr B Mohan Rao and Mariya Kala, assistant professor of the anatomy department, received the body and sent it to the chemical lab for preservation to be used by the medical students.tnn Dr Mohan Rao also made an appeal to the people to make similar pledge to donate their bodies after their death for the benefit of medical students.\"We have been facing acute shortage of bodies. It is after nearly four years that we have received a body,\" Dr Mohan Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344859", "title": "Take your winter pick at trade fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kashmiri woolens and pure honey; dates, roasted nuts, and dried apricots from Iran; microfibre quilts and bedcovers from Hong Kong; hot chocolate from Belgium \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the ongoing trade fair has something to satiate every winter need.Young, college students make a beeline at the stall run by artisans from Kashmir, draping shawls of different colours and patterns around themselves. The stall, run by a family from Srinagar, offers a range of shawls in pure wool, pashmina, silk, and blended fabrics, apart from exclusive pieces of kani weaving.\"Kani weaving is tedious, and each shawl takes over a year to make. These shawls are also very expensive \u00e2\u20ac\u201d starting at Rs 35,000 for a basic one and can go up to over a lakh,\" says Mohammad Rafi, an exhibitor at the Indian Handicrafts pavilion.The overwhelming crowd at the Jammu &amp; Kashmir pavilion proves the popularity of Kashmiri fashion at the trade fair. Stalls are lined with an extensive display of woolen jackets, shawls, and suit pieces typical of Kashmir. \"We have pieces with special embroidery from Kashmir, and they are cheaper as we're selling them minus the middleman,\" says Shahmanzoor, Neelam Arts. Few stalls are also selling poshish \u00e2\u20ac\u201d handmade woolen tweed \u00e2\u20ac\u201d jackets, coats, overcoats, and even by the metre.The international stalls, too, have a lot to offer, whether its pashmina from Nepal or microfibre and silk quilts from Hong Kong. \"The quilts, bedcovers and bed sheets are of good quality and designs. We also have those with glitter, as well as fun ones like Angry Birds prints for children,\" says Ravish Kapoor, an exhibitor at the stall of Hong Kong based Aartex.The winter chill brings with it a serious craving for nuts, dried fruits, and all things sweet. Iranian and Afghani stalls selling almonds, walnuts, dates, apricots, figs, pistachios, and cashews remain busy as customers sample their products and stock up for the weather ahead. \"I am usually very conscious of what I eat, but I can't stop myself in winters!\" says Payal Gulati, a third-year student of history, as she buys 'nutty nutri bars' made of dates, nuts, chocolate and apricot from a UAE stall.\"A lot of people are stocking up honey as well since it's beneficial in winters against cold or allergies,\" says Shahnawaz, an exhibitor from Srinagar, who is also selling a range of ready-to-eat wazwan items like rista, roganjosh, gustaba, and methi maaz.Walk through the Kerala pavilion, and it's difficult to see beyond the multitude of people crowding stalls selling banana chips, coconut oil, rice and besan chips, and roasted chidwa. One of the stalls selling special \"Kerala halwa\" of different flavours \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like strawberry, pineapple, dates, carrot, and jackfruit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is a special attraction as buyers grab chunks of fresh halwa. An exhibitor, asking customers to move \"jaldi, jaldi\" to accommodate the huge line, says the halwa can be stored for three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343465", "title": "128 mining-supporters held in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police on Friday took 128 mining supporters under preventive arrest in violation of Section 144, which was imposed by the North Goa collector to avoid any untoward incident during the ongoing International film festival of India (Iffi). They were released later unconditionally.The protesters under the banner of Goa mining people's front gathered at around 10am on Friday at Azad Maidan in Panaji to mark their protest against halting of mining activities in the state. The group included truckers, mine workers and other mining-dependent people.After spending over an hour at Azad Maidan, at 11.15am, supporters were taken under preventive arrest by police. Mining supporters were then shifted to Anjuna police station in five buses and later they were released unconditionally by the executive magistrate.\"Since they have violated Section 144, we have arrested them. Now we will take action against them under Section 151 Cr.PC and we will also send the report to the North Goa collector for further action\", said Vijay Singh, superintendent of police, North Goa.He also said there was no actual delay in taking mining supporters into preventive arrest as they were mobilizing the force. \"There was no official information to police about this agitation,\" said Singh.The group condemned the state government's decision to impose Section 144 during Iffi. While addressing the mining supporters, convenor of the group, Suhaas Naik, said that under Section 144, the government has not exempted the Iffi inaugural function and it should have also arrested those people present for the Iffi inaugural. The group also said that this was an illegal preventive arrest against them as they have not defied Section 144.The group reiterated that the state and central government should work hand-in-hand so that legal mining is started immediately in the state of Goa. The North Goa collector imposed Section 144 on the recommendation of the SP that various groups are likely to resort to agitation for redressal of their grievances and this may create uncontrollable situations including paralysis of traffic in the city leading to likely breach in the maintenance of public order, peace and tranquility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347107", "title": "Joint operation by UP &amp; MP police checks dacoits", "text": "KANPUR: The joint operation by Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh police in and around the dacoit-infested Chitrakoot district has not only drastically reduced the anti-social activities of dreaded brigands like Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya, but intelligence exchange and pressure tactics applied by police from the two states have led to major breakthroughs in the recent past.On October 25 this year, four dacoits of the Balkhadiya gang were shot dead in an encounter in MP's Satna district. The slain dacoits were identified as Bandheja Jatav, a resident of Khanch village under Bahelapurwa police station of Karvi district, Fauji alias Chunwad Patel of Lorha village in Karvi, Hari Kol, and Ramnath.Police sources said the encounter took place in the jungles of Banka in Satna district, and the breakthrough came following strong intelligence inputs about Balkhadiya's movement, after which the police laid a trap for the gang. However, while four of his accomplices were gunned down, Balkhadiya himself managed to elude the police. Similarly, two dacoits were arrested in the month of September from the Thar Pahar area in MP close to UP border.The terror of Balkhadiya, the successor of Sunder Patel alias Ragiya, haunts the twin states of UP and MP. Patel, carrying a reward of Rs 2.5 lakh on his capture, grabbed headlines when he gunned down five members of a family of a former village sarpanch Saroj Devi in Chitrakoot's Dodamafi village on August 8. The Chitrakoot district police recently released photographs of dacoit Sudesh Patel alias Balkhadiya and his few aides.Reports also state that some members of Balkhadiya gang have hid their arms and are trying to lead the life of ordinary citizens ever since the UP-MP police intensified their combing operations in the region. A senior police official said while this may have brought temporary relief from their activities, it has made it difficult for the sleuths to identify the dacoits.Speaking to TOI, deputy superintendent of police, Chitrakoot, Suresh Chandra Rawat, said, \"We have been carrying out these combing operations in a very strategic way. A team of experts encircles dacoit hideouts in the dense forest. In case they elude UP police and escape towards MP borders, we share the information with Madhya Pradesh police alerting them to intensify combing operation at all the possible escape routes falling under their jurisdiction.\" They especially camp near the escape routes at the borders during night hours and keep a vigil on the movements of dacoits at such points, he added.\"The recent gunning down of four members of Balkhadiya gang by MP police was a result of the same strategy, which worked very well,\" deputy SP Rawat said further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17344789", "title": "Dog injures two, stoned to death", "text": "NASHIK: Close on the heels of the Satpur incident of dog bite barely a month back, two more citizens have been bitten by a dog, suspected to be a rabid. The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), which is yet to revive its dog sterilisation centre, has failed to curb the dog menace.On Thursday morning, a dog attacked two citizens and some animals at Dadegaon in Pathardi Phata. The victims have been admitted to Bytco Hospital. In retaliation, the local residents stoned the dog to death. The residents have demanded that the sterilization process is started once again by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).A supposedly rabid dog attacked Ankush Bhor's cow, and seeing the animal in pain, senior citizen Yashwant Palve came to the rescue when the dog attacked him as well, in his hands, legs and stomach. When Ankush tried to save Palve, the dog bit him too in the leg. The dog bit also attacked Vishal Bhalke's German Shepherd and some other animals. On witnessing the terror created by the dog, Dadegaon villagers stoned the dog to death. The whereabouts of the carcass is not known.When contacted, health officer S G Hiray said it is not sure if the dog was rabid. \"The sterilization activity is going on. But sterilization does not assure that the dog won't contact rabies.\" Asked how rabid dogs are identified when they were not being captured for sterilisation, Hiray said sanitary inspectors of all the divisions inform him of such cases during their daily round. He said till now he did not get any such reports from the sanitary inspectors.Sharanya Shetty of the animal welfare centre, said during sterilization the dogs are also injected with anti-rabies injection that protects them for a year.\"In case of the Satpur dogs, we have vaccinated all the dogs and they can be safe for at least a year. If dogs are sterilised and vaccinated, instances of rabies would go down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343060", "title": "Tough times for Panorama section: Buddhadeb Dasgupta", "text": "PANAJI: Films which get selected for the Indian panorama of the International film festival of India (IFFI) are passing through tough times, and are probably set to face a bleak future as well, says eminent director Buddhadeb Dasgupta, who heads the jury for selecting the films in the section this year.\"On the one hand, not many of the panorama films have been getting selected for international film festivals in the last decade or so. On the other side, even the limited support they were getting from government through Doordarshan telecast has also been withdrawn,\" Dasgupta told mediapersons on the sidelines of Iffi on Thursday.\"The panorama section of Iffi was started about 30 years ago with a view to project the best films from various parts of the country and abroad. Many Indian directors including me, Adoor, Shyam Benegal and late Aravindan could get opportunities to present films at international festivals after getting selected for Indian panorama. But this has not been happening in the recent past. Most of the important film festivals like Berlin, Venice and Toronto did not include Indian films in their main section in the recent years,'' he said.He said there was no point in blaming the selectors of the international film festivals for not including Indian films. \"Something must have gone wrong somewhere. Films get selected if international festivals feel that any audience anywhere will be able to identify themselves with the films. But the selectors have not been not able to identify this potential in the panorama films in the recent past,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17344866", "title": "Maruti violence: Accused workers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 counsel files bail plea", "text": "GURGAON: The counsel of the workers accused in the July 18 violence at Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant has filed a bail petition on behalf of 141 workers out of 145 accused under Section 176 (2) of the CrPC. Hearing on the matter will take place on November 30. A bail plea for 11 accused workers was also filed in an another court, hearing of which will be held on November 26.Rajendra Pathak, counsel of the accused workers, said a bail petition for 141 workers has been filed in the court of chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Sharma under Section 176 (2) of the CrPC, saying that police have not filed complete chargesheet against the workers.Pathak alleged that police hid the names of the witnesses in the case. \"A bail application for 11 accused workers has been filed in the court because their 90-day custody period was over. The hearing on the matter will take place on November 26,\" told Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17343012", "title": "Techie held in Hyderabad for 2002 BEST bus blast at Ghatkopar", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch has arrested a software engineer from Hyderabad for his alleged role in the 2002 blast on a BEST bus at Ghatkopar, which killed four people. Aurangabad native Tajool Kazi (30), who was picked up from his home on Thursday night, was employed with Hindustan Computers Limited and lived in Hyderabad using a different ID. The Central Intelligence Unit, headed by senior inspectors Shashank Sanbhor and Ajay Sawant, nabbed Kazi after keeping a watch on him for a week.\"Kazi had changed his name to Siddiqui Taju Islam Aminuddin. He fled to Hyderabad soon after the police began a hunt for him following the Ghatkopar blast,\" Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police, said. Kazi has been booked for criminal conspiracy and provoking the other accused to carry out blast.Kazi, an active member of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India, had been accused of hatching a criminal conspiracy with 19 other accused to bomb a bus.On December 6, 2002, a powerful bomb placed under a seat of a BEST bus exploded near the busy Ghatkopar railway station. The bombing, which had left over 30 people injured, had occurred on the 10th anniversary of the demolition of the Babri Masjid and was the first in a series of five bombings in eight months. During the course of the investigation, the Mumbai crime branch arrested nine people-Khawaja Yunus, Dr Abdul Mateen, Jameel Ahmed, Imran Rehman Khan, Altaf Mohammed Ismail, Towfeeq Ahmed, Arif Paanwala, Harun Rashid Lohar and Rashid Ansari. However, in 2005, all the accused were acquitted for want of evidence. Yunus died while in custody and four policemen have been charged in the case.Blast took place on 10th anniversary of the demolition of the Babri MasjidTajool Kazi, a member of the banned SIMI, had fled to Hyderabad after the 2002 BEST bus blast at Ghatkopar.On December 6, 2002, a bomb placed under a seat of a BEST bus exploded near the Ghatkopar railway station. The bombing, which left over 30 people injured, had occurred on the 10th anniversary of the demolition of the Babri Masjid and was the first in a series of five bombings in eight months.The Mumbai crime branch arrested nine people-Khawaja Yunus, Dr Abdul Mateen, Jameel Ahmed, Imran Rehman Khan, Altaf Mohammed Ismail, Towfeeq Ahmed, Arif Paanwala, Harun Rashid Lohar and Rashid Ansari. In 2005, all the accused were acquitted. Yunus died while in custody and four cops were charged in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346432", "title": "Auto fare hiked by 40 per cent", "text": "INDORE: It's official. The auto fare in Indore has gone up by about 40 per cent from Friday onwards as against the proposed 70 per cent by the auto drivers for the first kilometre. Buckling under the pressure of auto association, district administration and Regional Transport Office (RTO) have given their consent to hike the auto fare.Hike in auto fare came into effect from Friday and as per the new fare chart, a passenger will have to pay Rs 14 for first kilometre and Rs 9 per km for the subsequent journey. Earlier, the minimum fare was Rs 10 for first kilometre and Rs 7 per km for the following journey.\"Auto drivers had demanded for revision in fare. We forwarded the proposal to divisional commissioner. On Friday, it was decided to revise the fare and the new fare was implemented with immediate effect,\" said Regional Transport Officer (RTO) Sanjay Soni adding that all the auto drivers have been asked to run by meter. Most of the autorickshaws run on CNG and only 5 to 10 per cent of autorickshaws are running on petrol.It is to be noted that the Indore Autorikshow Chalak Mahasangh with a 19,000 strong membership of auto drivers, had threatened to go on four-day strike from November 26 if authorities fail to meet their fare hike demand.Excited over the revision in fare, founder and president of Indore Autorikshow Chalak Mahasangh Rajesh Bidkar said, \"Administration has increased the fare, though it is not as much as we had demanded. But we are happy that the administration listened to our demand. Now we will discuss it with our members and then take a final call about the proposed strike.\"He said that federation has asked the RTO to take affidavit from each auto driver of the city that if they will not ply by the meter, then his/her license would be cancelled. We have also asked to take action against the people who insist on not going by meter.We are ready to ply by meter, said Bidkar adding that they had demanded for Rs 17 for per kilometer and Rs 8 for following journey.\"Last time, fare was revised three years back when CNG costed Rs 37 per kg. Now it costs Rs 57 per kg. In the last three years, fare of city bus and taxi were revised from time to time, but autofare remained unchanged.\"Travelling turns costlier New auto rate Old auto rate Difference Rs 14 for first km (Petrol)Rs 10 for first kmRs 4 Rs 9 per km for following journey (petrol)Rs 7 per km for following journey Rs 2 Rs 12 for first km (CNG) Rs 10 for first km Rs 2 Rs 8 per km for following journey (CNG) Rs 7 per km for following journey Rs 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17347551", "title": "Elderly woman helps nab chain snatcher at Virar", "text": "MUMBAI: A 52-year-old woman helped nab a chain snatcher who was fleeing on the motorbike after pulling her chain in Virar (west) of Thane district.One of the accused managed to escape.The incident took place on Friday afternoon when the victim Gayatri Upadhaya a resident of Virat Nagar in Virar (west) was walking towards the station.Two youngsters on a motorbike approached Upadhaya. Even before she could react, the pillion rider pulled her 21 grams gold chain. The motorbike rider sped away on the two-wheeler.Upadhaya screamed for help and began chasing the two-wheeler, which slowed down due to a speed breaker.Passersby who saw Upadhaya running intercepted the two wheeler.The motorbike fell on the ground and the rider and his pillion seater also fell. The rider identified as Tahir Khan (23) managed to escape.Upadhaya and the public caught hold of Samad Khan (25). A resident of Achole Road in Nalasopara (east), Samad told the police that he and Tahir were involved in a number of chain snatching cases in the Vasai region.The youngsters targeted elderly women and operated in the afternoon and evening hours. The Virar police said that a manhunt had been launched for Tahir, also a resident of Nalasopara (east). The motorbike belonged to Tahir. Samad has been remanded to police custody by the Vasai Sessions court. Upadhaya managed to get her gold chain from Samad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344623", "title": "Netaji kin demand end to secret files", "text": "KOLKATA: Around 30 members of Subhas Chandra Bose's extended family will meet on Sunday to demand declassification of all files on Netaji. While no one doubts that Bose is dead by now - almost 67 years after his disappearance from Taihoku in present day Taiwan - an inquiry commission and many researchers have found enough evidence to question the theory that he had died in a plane crash.\"Time has come for the Indian government to lift the veil of secrecy over Netaji's disappearance. Though it has been a long-standing demand of the family, the Centre has opposed it citing the sensitive nature of the information, whose public disclosure may lead to a serious law and order problem. This stand is untenable. Now, a new book on Netaji has thrown fresh light on the mystery and rekindled our demand,\" said Chitra Ghosh, the youngest daughter of Netaji's elder brother Sarat Chandra.Ghosh was referring to India's Biggest Cover-up, the latest book on the subject by Anuj Dhar, a key member of Mission Netaji, a Delhi-based NGO that has been researching on Netaji's disappearance for over a decade. The book contains many startling revelations, exposing top-secret documents and photographs that prove the existence of Bose till at least 1985. The book also points a finger at top politicians, bureaucrats and the Indian Intelligence Bureau , which allegedly tried to suppress the truth.According to the author, who has been unable to gain access to all files because several ministries, including the PMO, refused to make public the documents, the issue was not about the history and Netaji's life but about the mystery over his death. \"If we had made as much effort to push for the truth about Netaji as we have done in Jessica Lall, Rizwanur Rehman or Arushi Talwar cases, the truth would have been out. This is the fittest case for trial by media for the government will not declassify the files unless there is pressure,\" said Dhar, who has published 220 images of rare documents, 90 of which are still classified, in the book.Though there is no count on the number of secret documents on Bose that is with various government departments, the PMO, while replying to an RTI query, had recently declared that it had 33 classified files, seven of which were top secret and three confidential.At Sunday's meeting, Bose's family members will get together with Dhar to demand a line of action to resolve the Netaji mystery in national interest, suggesting, among other things, replication of the JFK Records Act. In 1994, the US cleared the air about John F Kennedy's assassination by declassifying the records. They will also consider requesting chief minister Mamata Banerjee to make the demand to the Centre.\"Not just the family members, every one of India wants to know what had happened to Netaji. We want the truth to come out so that the chapter can be closed once and for all,\" said Abhijit Ray, son of Mira Ray, the eldest daughter of Sarat Chandra Bose.While conspiracy theories about the deaths of Shyamaprasad Mukherjee, Lal Bahadur Shastri , Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi have petered out, it is only the mystery over Netaji that has endured the test of time. \"There was something about the man that has kept people's interest in him alive. Unless there is pressure, government will sit on the files,\" said Dhar, adding that the country should reject a selective release of documents and press for everything on the national hero.Contrary to popular perception, the Bose mystery did not sprout from Bengal. The nomenclature itself was coined by a British military intelligence officer, and the first person claiming to have seen Netaji after his reported death was an American journalist embedded with the US army. A declassified April 1946 note summarizing the findings of the British inquiries into Netaji's reported death 7 months earlier concluded that it was \"clear\" that he was \"trying to make a getaway to Russia\"; his men were concealing information and Russian diplomats were speaking about his presence in their country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17344344", "title": "Sabarimala aravana and its Italian connection", "text": "KOTTAYAM: What has Zilli &amp; Bellini got to do with Sabarimala? Lakhs of pilgrims who return from the shrine with cans of 'aravana payasam' hardly know that it is an Italian machine that fills these cans. The machine of Parma-based Zilli &amp; Bellini, installed in 1999, can fill 180 containers in a minute.Nearly two lakh cans are being filled by the machine a day during pilgrimage seasons. Around 1.3 crore cans of aravana payasam were sold last year. The filling of the cans was done manually before the arrival of the machine.\"The machine was brought here by an agency that had taken contract for making aravana in the 90s. The Travancore Devaswom Board (TDB) got the machine in 2005, when the contract system was abolished,\" said an official of the TDB electrical wing.The board has roped in a technical expert for operating the machine while company technicians come from Italy once in two years for maintenance works. \"The machine has become old; a standby is needed. However, it is reliable,\" the official said.The electrical wing has, however, submitted a proposal for buying a new filling machine with some additional facilities. \"The machine does not have the facility for sealing cans. For that, we have a separate machine made in India. The new machines have both the facilities. They are capable of filling and sealing 400 containers a minute,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347612", "title": "Every woman's college wants to invite Imran", "text": "Imran Khan, in last few months, has been getting a lot of invites to various youth summits and college festivals across India.\"Post Delhi Belly, Imran has been getting invites to be part of all youth platforms. Whether its debates, meet and greet, judging a contest or talking about youth issues - Imran has been in big demand\", confirms his official spokesperson.Interestingly Imran Khan is high on every woman's college list. \"Right from small towns to metros, everyone wants the good looking Khan to be a part of their college. Every college has been sending invites to ask him to be face of youngistan campaigns\".Imran Khan doesn't like to disappoint any college. However this has been a tough year. With back to back projects including Matru ki Bijli Ka Mandola , Once Upon a Time in Mumbai Again, Milan Talkies and Punit Malhotra's next there has been no time for him at all.However his spokesperson says, \"We are trying to work out Imran's schedule and be part of at least some of these events\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344825", "title": "Five-year pact to save monuments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Friday finally signed a new MoU with Intach Delhi Chapter for conservation and protection of 155 unprotected monuments in the city.The last MoU had expired over a year ago and included only 95 monuments out of the 250 structures identified in 2008. The new agreement is for five years.Fifteen monuments that were conserved in Phase I of the agreement are still waiting for the final notification to protect them under Delhi Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 2004. These include Badarpur gateways, Gol Gumbad, Darwesh Shah ki Masjid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17347925", "title": "Meet on national TB control programme from Monday", "text": "MANIPAL: A two-day zonal task force (ZTF) workshop on Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) for medical college faculties of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh will be held at Chaitya Hall, Fortune Valley view, here from Monday. The workshop will also review the progress made by the zonal task force in 2011 in Hyderabad, according to Dr Ashwini Kumar Gopadi, co-ordinator of the workshop.India tops the list of high burden TB countries globally. Around 2.3 million new cases occur annually (185 cases per 1-lakh population) .The disease kills 0.32 million people annually (26 deaths per 1-lakh population). The workshop will help experts involved in the management of tuberculosis to share their experiences, identify the bottle necks and provide suggestions for efficient treatment of all types of tuberculosis.Newer issues like notification of tuberculosis cases to health authorities, banning of serological tests for diagnosis of tuberculosis will be discussed and an action plan will be evolved for recommendation. Dr Ashok Kumar, DDG (TB), government of India, Dr Behra, NTF chairman, Dr Subhakar Kandi, ZTF chairman, Dr Prahlad Kumar, director, National Tuberculosis Institute. Dr Mohan P S Kohli, national consultant - Public Private Mix, Dr Dhanya Kumar, director, health and family welfare, Karnataka, Dr Suryakant, state TB officer, Dr Raja Prasanna, state TB officer, Andhra Pradesh will be the resource people in technical session of the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17343702", "title": "Haryana's child sex ratio improves", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After an abysmal showing in the 2011 census, there is a significant improvement in the child gender ratio of Haryana. The latest state government figures show there are 846 girls for 1000 boys in the 0-6 year group compared to 830 in last year's census.The state health department has compiled the figures of the first nine months of 2012, and it monitors births in all government and private hospitals through its central registration system.This is the first time after 2010 (838:1000) that the child sex ratio has improved. In 2009, it was 853. But in Mewat \u00e2\u20ac\u201d considered the most backward district in the state \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it has shot up to 921 girls for 1000 boys. It is 887 in Panchkula, 870 in Faridabad while Kurukshetra is at the bottom of the heap with just 786.Cheered by the latest data, state health secretary Navraj Sandhu said, \"It seems strict action against the doctors and radiologists involved in sex determination and female foeticide has started showing results. In less than seven months, we have lodged 14 cases, mainly against doctors, in connection with sex determination and not maintaining records of ultrasound centres.\"Sources in the health department said it is the first time that so many cases have been registered under the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act in such a short period. As per the previous record, 13 cases were registered during April 2011 to March 2012. Apart from this, 30 people, mostly doctors, have been convicted under the PNDT Act in the state.Terming the new data encouraging, state joint secretary of All India Democratic Women Association (AIDWA) Savita Malik said, \"The health authorities should do more for roping in social and women organizations to save the girl child. The government should also focus on preventing crime against women, especially rape and eve-teasing, so that girls feel safe in the state.\"Times ViewIt is indeed good news that Haryana's child sex ratio is finally showing signs of inching up rather than continuing to spiral downwards. However, even at the current level it is shockingly low. A CSR of 846 implies that close to one in six female foetuses is getting aborted. Clearly, the time for celebration is a long way off. The state government must closely study in which districts the improvement is most marked and analyse what the reasons behind the improvement are. Those factors must then be replicated across the state. Meanwhile, action against anybody caught abetting female foeticide must be quick and severe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17343582", "title": "Tuition teachers choose only toppers as students", "text": "CHENNAI: Sridevi Sankaran has been having a tough year finding someone to coach her son, who is in the ninth grade, in mathematics. Simply because he is an \"average\" student by the standards set by tuition teachers and they are not really ready to deal with the \"challenge\" he poses.\"My son's marks are in the 80s and I thought sending him for tuition would improve his marks. I was shocked when I was told that I needed to find another class as my son could not keep up with the others and was slowing them down by asking questions,\" says Sankaran. She has since been to three teachers who have all told her the same thing. \"They seem to want only students who are toppers in school. It has now become difficult for us parents whose children really need tuition,\" she says.Parents usually resort to extra coaching when their child needs help with lessons, but increasingly, tuition teachers seem to want only students who get perfect scores.Tuition centre heads admit to wanting only \"serious students\" in their classes. \"Our aim is to create toppers. We want them to become chartered accountants and doctors,\" says Professor Shubham, who runs Achievers' Learning Company in Adyar. \"We want them to get the first mark in class. If they are already getting 98%, we want to make that 100,\" he says, adding that the centre gives students its own round of homework. \"If students do not show any improvement, then what can we say, except that the teacher will lose interest and so will the student and the parents,\" he says. \"We tell parents that if the child is not willing to work hard it is better that they do not come.\"Educational consultant KR Malaati says the entire focus of tuition seems to have changed from improving students' understanding to getting a centum. \"Private tutors do not want to take on students who really need help because it is too much of a challenge and the results are less. If the tuition teacher produces average results, he loses value in the market. If he produces results, it ups his ratings and more parents flock to him,\" she says.For Meenakshi Raman, it has been the same story. Her son was asked to find another tutor because his tuition teacher preferred to focus only on those students who were potential toppers. \"My son was willing to work hard and do the homework he was given in tuition class, but he was still dropped because his marks were not high in school,\" says Raman. \"If a student is getting 98% why do parents think they need tuition?\" she asks.Retired electrical engineer turned math tutor S V Raghavan says he prefers only disciplined children in his tuition classes. \"If they are not willing to put in the effort, then let's say I prefer to keep my options open too,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17345880", "title": "3 IIM students expelled for smoking grass", "text": "INDORE: Three IIM-Indore students were expelled from the institute for \"consuming drugs\" in a hostel room on the campus on Thursday. The expulsion was confirmed by the IIM-I director, N Ravichandran, who said the students were told to leave on recommendation of the disciplinary committee. Asked what drugs were used, he refused to answer; but another official in the director's office confirmed the three were smoking marijuana.Other institution sources, too, said that the two post-graduate students were seen smoking from chillums in their hostel room on Monday by a security guard, who then informed the hostel warden. The rooms of the students were raided, where they were allegedly caught with marijuana. A disciplinary committee investigated the matter and recommended expulsion of the three students.This is the second such incident at the institute this year. Two students were caught smoking grass in February as well. Then, the students were reprimanded but not expelled. However, the authorities refused to entertain the pleas of the parents of the concerned students on Thursday. The identities of the expelled students have been withheld by the IIM-I authorities so as to \"not harm their future\".Meanwhile, adding to the institute's woes, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) said it will stage a protest at IIM-I campus on Saturday against the frequent drug-related issues emerging in the institute. \"IIM-I is a world class institution, but incidents like use of drugs on campus have become regular. We have got information that area around campus has become hot-beds for drug peddlers,\" said ABVP secretary Nimesh Pathak.The institute has now formed a committee comprising students and teachers to keep an eye on the activities of the students in the hostel and also identify those who \"do drugs\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai/bangalore", "code": "17343671", "title": "Nuclear waste won't be dumped in Kolar: Centre", "text": "CHENNAI/BANGALORE: Two days after solicitor general Rohinton Nariman told the Supreme Court that nuclear waste from the Kudankulam power plant will be disposed in the abandoned mines at Kolar Gold Fields in Karnataka, the Centre on Friday clarified that there are no such plans.Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy said Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) has no plans to dump nuclear waste in any part of the country. \"I have spoken to the NPCIL chairman (K C Purohit) and he said there are no plans to dump nuclear waste in any place. We have not considered Kolar or any other part in Karnataka for that matter,\" Narayanasamy told TOI.In an apparent confirmation of this, minister of state for micro, small and medium enterprises K H Muniyappa, who represents the Kolar parliamentary constituency, said a group of ministers will meet in New Delhi on November 26 to clear the air over the reported plan to dump nuclear waste at KGF. They will also discuss the revival of gold mining activities, the minister, who met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in this regard on Friday, said in a statement.He said the PM asked Narayanasamy to organise a meeting of the ministers concerned, including mines minister Dinsha Patel, law and justice minister Ashwani Kumar and Muniyappa. \"The meeting will discuss the entire issue and resolve the matter,\" Muniyappa said. He appealed to the people of Kolar, who observed a bandh on Friday, to maintain peace and not fall prey to rumours.Nuclear scientists also denied there was any such plan to use the abandoned mines. \"There is no decision yet on dumping nuclear waste,\" former Atomic Energy Commission chairman M R Srinivasan told TOI. What the solicitor general has said is contrary to facts, said Srinivasan, who is now a member of the commission. \"Kolar was not at all discussed as a place for dumping nuclear waste. Since the start of the nuclear programme in the country, we have not dumped nuclear waste in any part of the country. The spent fuel is used for reprocessing and only a miniscule amount is wasted and this is stored in glass cases at very low temperatures at three reprocessing plants across the country,\" he said.Even though there is no fission activity after the fuel is taken out of the reactor, there will be heat within the waste and that is why the glass cases are kept at very low temperatures, said K Balu, former director, nuclear recycle group, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC). He said 20 years ago, the BARC conducted a study soon after some mines were closed to ascertain the strength of rocks in them. \"Though I have not read the report, there was no talk about dumping nuclear waste in Kolar,\" he said.Muniyappa also met Dinsha Patel and urged him to take suitable steps for the revival of the defunct mines instead of turning it into a dump yard. \"There is still a vast scope for exploring the mines by adopting latest technology and also by recycling the existing tailings (cyanide dumps),\" he said.He said the UPA government has already has taken a decision to revive Bharat Gold Mines Ltd and will take all possible steps to implement the decision. He also quoted the decision of the cabinet meeting held on July 27, 2006 to substantiate the Centre's commitment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17346039", "title": "Panchayat department clarifies stand on polls, delimitation", "text": "ITANAGAR: With barely six months left for state panchayats to complete their five-year tenure, speculation is rife as to when the next panchayat election will be held in Arunachal and if the delimitation of the existing panchayat constituencies will be carried out.The state department of Panchayati Raj (PR) has come out with clarifications citing constitutional provisions that the duration of the panchayat is fixed at five years and cannot be extended under any clause.Further, the election has to be conducted before end of the five-year duration. If, for any reason, the polls are not conducted, the tenure of the panchayats will automatically lapse in May 2013, an official release said on Thursday.On delimitation of panchayat constituencies, the department clarified that as per the government's decision, the delimitation process would be carried out by the state election commission (SEC), Itanagar.However, for carrying out the delimitation, the Arunachal Pradesh Panchayat Raj Act, 1997 and the AP Panchayati Raj (Delimitation of Constituencies and Reservation of Seats for Women ) Rules, 2002 are required to be amended. The process of amendment of the said Act and the Rules are at present in progress, the release said.Further, the delimitation process is to be carried out as per the latest population census report. However, the Census Report 2011 has still not been published by the directorate of census operation, the department added.The amendment process and the publication of the census report may take time. Therefore, the PR department or the state election commission may not be in position to carry out the delimitation of panchayat constituencies before the next election.The next PR election, scheduled to be held in April-May 2013, is likely to be held on the basis of the existing Anchal Samiti, gram panchayat and gram panchayat segments, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "sambhal", "code": "17347766", "title": "BJP not allowing Parliament to work, ready for debate on FDI: Jaiswal", "text": "SAMBHAL: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal has alleged that BJP and other opposition parties were not allowing Parliament to proceed on the issue of FDI even though the government was ready for a debate.Talking to the reporters here Jaiswal, who came to attend the concluding ceremony of Kalki mahotsava last night, said, the government was ready for a debate under section 184 but the BJP and other opposition parties were stalling Parliament.He alleged that BJP was unnecessarily protesting in the name of FDI and coal block allotment, even when the states have been given a free hand whether they implement FDI or not.Jaiswal said, he wanted to question those opposing FDI whether any debate was conducted on such issue under the rule during NDA regime.\"If it's not bullying then what it is,\" he said. The minister alleged that BJP's statement on 2G issue was laughable and smells of conspiracy.He said that whether its 2G or coal block allotment, CAG report was not completely correct and he alleged, a conspiracy to defame the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17343510", "title": "South Goa ZP members want Rs 1cr each", "text": "MARGAO: At the South Goa zilla panchayat quarterly meeting on Friday chairperson Nelly Rodrigues resolved to continue meetings with chief minister Manohar Parrikar to ensure that each member gets 1 crore to carry out works in their constituency.\"We have asked for a development grant of 50 lakh as general fund to each member for the implementation of subjects under the Panchayati Raj Act. We have also asked for an additional grant of 50 lakh to each member under octroi for rural infrastructure development works,\" said Rodrigues.She said her North Goa counterpart and the CM were met over the same.\"We met the chief minister recently. He heard our grievances and has assured us of making provisions for better financial support by next year,\" said Rodrigues.The meeting saw heated discussions on the shortage of ZP staff. It led to the ZP chief executive officer (CEO) K V Singnapurkar instructing the ZP members to officially intimate him if they needed to use any office staff.Following criticism from member Daya Pagi that ZP staff spent their time \"playing games on their designated office computers\", Singnapurkar said all such programmes would be deleted from the computers in the office. He further said that each staff member would have to submit a daily record of their work to him.He promised to streamline the working of the ZP office as far as the clerical processes were concerned and said an e-governance set up would be in place by January 2013.Rodrigues told the members, \"We have conveyed to the chief minister our urgent requirement of more staff. We have asked that the vacant posts should be filled and new posts should be created.\"ZP members resolved to look for a new office complaining that their current office in Arlem, where the meeting was held, was too small and congested.Raising other issues, ZP member Krishna Velip stressed the need to get the directorate of panchayats to take up the matter of Cabo de Rama fort's conservation with the Archaeological Survey of India.\"The fort can be a good tourist destination and will bring about development to the nearby Rajbag beach where there have been some drowning incidents lately. Hopefully, lifeguards will also be appointed there soon,\" said Velip.ZP member Naunath Naik passed a resolution that copies of the minutes of the meeting should be made in Konkani and Marathi too for the benefit of all members.Pagi, in his scathing criticisms, lashed out at the government for its decision to allow bars to be open from 9am during the ongoing International film festival of India (Iffi) in Panaji.He also slammed the tourism minister's statement that floats from neighbouring states would be invited to participate in the state's traditional carnival parades.A two-minute silence was observed during the meeting to pay tribute to Shiv Sena founder-leader Balasaheb Thackeray who died recently.Janice Afonso, the zonal agricultural officer, Margao, also made a presentation to the ZP members on the various government schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344164", "title": "HC stays toll collection at Kappalur", "text": "MADURAI: Toll collection from passengers travelling into Tirumangalam on National Highway (NH) 208 (Madurai-Kollam) at the Kappalur toll plaza was temporarily stayed by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday.The bench comprising Justices K N Basha and P Devadass granted interim injunction on a public interest litigation (PIL) petition filed by advocate T S R Venkatramana, who is also a former MLA.In his petition, the petitioner contended that a new toll plaza has been established at Kappalur on NH-7 and licence to collect the toll charges has been given to Eagle Infra India Limited by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI).Vehicles going to Tirumangalam and beyond - Srivilliputtur, Rajapalayam, Kadayanallur, Tenkasi Courtallam and Sengottai, use NH-208, which is the gateway to Kerala. The vehicles meant for NH-208 have to enter the Tirumangalam Road, which is just one km away from the Kappalur toll plaza. But, toll charges are collected from the passengers travelling into Tirumangalam and beyond in NH-208. Such passengers need not use NH-7, the petitioner pointed out.He alleged that the NHAI and the licensee company are hand-in-glove and set up the toll plaza at Kappalur, to extract money from vehicles travelling from Madurai to Srivilliputtur and beyond in NH-208.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342599", "title": "Senior DMK leaders Veerapandi S Arumugam passes away", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior DMK leader and former minister Veerapandi S Arumugam passed away in Chennai on Friday. The 73-year-old leader, who was the party's Salem district secretary, was undergoing treatment in a private hospital for various complications and he had tested positive for H1N1 a couple of days ago, party sources said. Arumugam has been with the DMK for more than 50 years and was considered a key leader with immense clout in the state's western belt.On hearing about the death, DMK chief M Karunanidhi rushed to the hospital with senior leaders Duraimurugan, Dayanidhi Maran and others to pay homage. He broke down on seeing Arumugam's body at the hospital. The DMK patriarch told reporters he was saddened by Arumugam's death and said the senior leader had to spend more than 200 days in prison in the last one year on land grab charges after the AIADMK came to power in May 2011. He was detained under the Goondas Act and forced to shuttle between Vellore, Coimbatore and Trichy prisons, Karunanidhi said.As soon as the news broke, upset DMK cadres poured out into the streets in Salem district where Arumugam's writ ran deep and there were reports of sporadic incidents of stone pelting on buses. Police personnel were deployed in strength in sensitive pockets as shops downed shutters and schools and other educational institutions declared a holiday. Arumugam's body was taken to his native Poolavari village and kept in an open ground near his house. Former ministers and senior functionaries joined thousands of partymen in paying respects. The last rites will be conducted on Saturday afternoon.Incidentally, the party lost an influential leader on a day it was observing the death anniversary of former Union minister Murasoli Maran, who passed away in 2003. The DMK postponed all party programmes for three days.A close associate of Karunanidhi, Arumugam was first elected to the state assembly in 1972 from the Veerapandi constituency in Salem district. When the DMK returned to power in 1989, he became a minister for the first time. He was entrusted with the agriculture portfolio in 1996 and 2006. Arumugam was defeated by his niece and former AIADMK minister Vijayalakshmi Palanisamy in the Sankagiri constituency in 2011.A six-time member of the state assembly, Arumugam was lodged in prison during the Emergency. The former minister was arrested in connection with several cases of land grabbing after the AIADMK came to power in May 2011. He was released only a month ago after a four-month-long detention under the Goondas Act, which was quashed by the Madras high court. Party seniors said Arumugam had never hesitated to openly criticise the style of functioning of the party leadership or differ with its views. They point out that he had often confronted Karunanidhi and others leaders on various issues, \"But he was always a strong supporter of Karunanidhi and Alagiri,\" said a DMK leader. A strong critic of Stalin, Arumugam had at the party's general council meeting in February 2012, said it did not augur well for the party if one section in the south was led by one son and another section in the north by another son of Karuanidhi.Condolences poured in from associates and political rivals alike. Actor and DMDK leader Vijayakanth, who has distanced himself from both the ruling AIADMK and the DMK, said, \"Arumugam was committed to his party and he held many positions due to sheer dint of hard work. It is a great loss for his family as well as for the DMK.\" Political leaders, including TN Congress chief B S Gnandesikan, CPI state secretary D Pandian, CPM leader G Ramakrishnan, VCK leader Thol Thirumavalavan and BJP leader Pon Radhakrishnan paid condolences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343868", "title": "Someshwar temple getting a facelift", "text": "PUNE: The 700-year old, Shivaji-era Someshwar temple, on the bank of river Ramnadi in Pashan, is up for a massive revamp. Someshwar temple precinct and the garden, public square and riverfront of the Ram Nadi are also to undergo renovation. The village park is to be a complete 'Village Culture Outdoor Gallery', while the temple is to receive sensitive conservation measures to improve its heritage value. The square and riverfront will be upgraded to make them cleaner, environmentally more acceptable and presentable.The Pune Municipal Corporation and Someshwar Mandir Trust have begun the work on upgrading and showcasing the sleepy village of Pashan, historically known as Peth Jijapur, as it was often visited by Jijabai, mother of Chhatrapati Shivaji. The Grade I listed heritage of the Someshwar temple precinct and the garden, public square and riverfront of the Ram Nadi will undergo sensitive and minimal changes. The public area's renovation is being funded by the PMC, while the temple trust is funding the revamp of the temple precincts.MLA Vinayak Nimhan, chairman of the temple trust, said, \"The temple will be renovated according to architectural norms, and would look how it did during the old times. Rs 25 lakh have been hitherto spent from devotees' funds on revamping the temple.\"Nimhan said the trust has also applied to the state government for a 'teerth kshetra' status for the temple, after which the funds for renovation will be obtained from the state.\"This temple is one of the very few Shiva temples that have both a river front and a 'kund'. Hence, it is very auspicious,\" said Nimhan.'Kimaya', the architect group, has been appointed to revamp the riverfront, temple and the park. Conservation architect from Kimaya, Kiran Kalamdani, said, \"The backside of the temple will have an open air amphitheatre for religious functions. A major part of the work will involve electrification of the temple structures. High-performance LED fixtures to focus on the apex of the temple domes, LED string lights to focus on the circular form of the temple 'shikhar' and the arches, and LED up-lighters to centre on the carvings would be fixed to accentuate these features. The electrification would somewhat be similar to that in the Chintamani temple of Theur.\"The temple's 'gabhara' or sanctum sanctorum and the 'mandap' will see electrification, too, including wall-mounted light fixtures and a central chandelier. LED lights would come up at various points in the temple structures to highlight their features.Signages such as name plates for spaces inside, general information for visitors in tempered steel with etchings and marble have also been planned.The temple's tower of lamps or 'deepmala' will also see some form of electrification.\"A high-watt, single node LED fittings in the existing holes of the tower, to recreate traditional 'deepmala' illumination during festivals, has also been planned. Spot lights to illuminate trees during festivals will be undertaken as well ,\" said Kalamdani.The village park next to the temple, which would be a complete Village Culture Outdoor Gallery, will have statues of Jijabai and Shivaji near the entrance gate. The park will have displays ortableaux with sculptures of rural folk. \"It would also display the 'Bara Balutedars' or '12 Balutedars', who were the village artisans supported by '18 alutedars' and '21 pagadbandh' or management professionals. The complexities of rural India that made life simple will be explained as a dialogue between a grandfather and his grandchildren. The sounds and smells of the village, combined with colours and textures, will revive the finer details of the village life in Pune district.The inspiration for this village life display is the Kad Siddheshwar museum at Kanheri Mutt near Kolhapur,\" said Kalamdani, adding that Naresh Zhurmure, additional commissioner, PMC, had introduced the concept of the village park.As many as 45 tableaux depicting the village life of Maharahstra will come up in the park, Kalamdani said.The riverfront will be cleared of later additions, the river banks will be consolidated and the water flow will be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17343709", "title": "Ahmedabad to host Indo-Japanese seminar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city, which will be among the first in the country to get Japanese aid to address traffic woes, will play host to a national seminar in February on intelligent transport systems. More than 150 Indian and Japanese delegates will be a part of the event to be held in Ahmedabad. The announcement was made on Thursday as Y Enoki, the former Japanese ambassador to India, met with civic and police officials to understand the requirements and scope for betterment of traffic.The Japanese delegation, a part of Indo-Japan Working Group under ministry of urban development, was on three-day state tour during which the officials met with senior bureaucrats and policy makers. A meeting of the stakeholders took place in Ahmedabad on Thursday.A senior official told TOI that it was second visit of the group to discuss technological interchange.The intelligent transport system will include salient points such as radio sensor-based vehicle density detection system, cloud-based control system operated with tablets and electronic information panels at prominent locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346900", "title": "Parthiban Kanavu director's next a remake", "text": "Director Karu Palaniappan of Parthiban Kanavu and Pirivom Sandhippom fame has started work on his new film titled 'Jannal Oram' a remake of the Malayalam hit 'Ordinary'. He also directed and starred in the intriguing Mandhira Punnagai.The movie launch pooja of the film took place recently. ' Ordinary ' is 2012's extraordinary hit Malayalam comedy drama directed by Sugeeth featuring Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon, Asif Ali and Ann Augustine.The film casts include Vimal and Vidharth along with Manisha and Poorna, who it is said will be seen in a very significant role. Parthiban is also part of this big cast. The film shoot is being held in Kambam and other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342313", "title": "50% of BEST routes in Mumbai run on losses", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 50% of the BEST bus routes in Mumbai have been incurring \"losses\" since the past three years, according to a statistical report presented during the budget discussions on Thursday.Said BEST committee member Ravi Raja, \"In 2011-12, as many as 287 routes (which comprises 55% of total routes) were loss-making. In comparison, there were 238 routes (48%) which were loss-making in 2010-11. On an average, 50% bus routes are loss-making every year. There is a need to introduce damage control measures and ensure we make profits on all routes.\"Raja said routes which covered the fixed and variable costs of operations were 44% (231 routes) in 2011-12 and this was 50% (251 routes) the previous year. \"Surprisingly, the profit-making routes were merely three routes in 2011-12 (which is 0.58% of the total bus routes) and 10 routes the previous year,\" he pointed out at the panel meeting. The total bus routes in Mumbai were 499 in 2010-11 and this increased to 521 in 2011-12.A senior BEST official admitted that there were loss-making routes. \"To ensure that we make profits on more than 500 routes, we have decided to eliminate some of the bus routes where performance is very poor. In its place, new bus routes covering new areas and generating more revenue will be introduced,\" he stated.Raja also informed the panel that 200 buses were lying idle at the depots for the past couple of years. \"If you don't use the buses, how will we make profits?\" he questioned. He said that of the present fleet of 4,607 buses, those which will be scrapped in less than five years were 797 buses. \"We have also given buses on rent to aviation companies at the airports. But one of these firms have dues to the tune of Rs 54 lakh which is not paid for past three months,\" he said.He demanded stringent punishment for those who travelled ticketless as this led to more losses on the bus routes. Stats showed that in 2011-12, 623 inspectors had caught 1.74 lakh passengers for travelling ticketless and recovered Rs 86.37 lakh in fines. In 2010-11, the number of cases were higher as 2.93 lakh commuters were caught. Between 2008 to 2012, 1,136 new buses were added to the fleet, but the buses plying on road declined due to breakdowns. The average number of breakdowns is about 90 per day, sources said. Number of passengers too declined from 43 lakh in 2009-10 to 39 lakh in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343507", "title": "Goa's 'poll monitoring system' wins national award", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's poll monitoring system (PMS) that was implemented during the assembly elections on March 3, has won the Computer Society of India (CSI) national e-governance award for 2011-2012.North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan, who is the nodal officer for PMS in Goa, told TOI that the award presentation ceremony will be held in Kolkota on December 2.PMS was the highlight of the March assembly elections as it was the first time it was implemented across the state with approval from the Election Commission of India. Using PMS, election officials could capture the fingerprints and photographs of 98.8% of the total 8,31,070 Goan electors who voted. A total of 1,700 laptops were used along with web cameras and fingerprint readers in all of the 1,612 polling stations. One of the objectives was to prevent bogus voting or impersonation.Vardhan said, \"PMS enabled us to monitor online the poll day and the pre-poll day events. There was continuous flow of information from the polling stations to the central server in Panaji. Not only were the polling stations connected to a central server in Panaji, the full system was connected to the Election Commission of India in Delhi. They could see in real time what was happening here.\"The PMS generated real-time statutory and non-statutory reports. All in all, PMS brought about a qualitative improvement in the electoral process, Vardhan said. He believes that in years to come, the PMS may help to drastically reduce staff in polling stations to only two persons. While one person will check the identification of the voter, capture fingerprint and photo and release the control, the other person will be the presiding officer. It will reduce energy, time and money, Vardhan said.The PMS software has been written by the Goa Electronics Limited, a subsidiary of the Goa Economic Development Corporation. Besides incorporating basic personal details of the voter like name, age and address, PMS also knows whether the voter is disabled, dead, duplicated (name appearing in two places), absent (name in roll but not residing at the address), whether the voter is a prisoner, etc.The CSI award for excellence carries a trophy and a citation. Vardhan attributes it to team effort from the state election office, district election offices, Goa Electronics and National Informatics Centre.Said Vardhan, \"When the electronic voting machines came, it was a revolution in the electoral process. With PMS, we believe we have set in motion a system of automation that may lead to a second revolution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344649", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy's bail plea opposed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Friday opposed YSR Congress leader Jaganmohan Reddy's latest bail plea in the CBI court on Friday and said the move ran contrary to the directive of the Supreme Court to him to file such a plea only after the filing of the final chargesheet in the disproportionate assets case.CBI deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath told the court that this could as well be seen as contempt of court. Opposing the argument of the counsel for Jagan, the CBI told the court that the HC had earlier said that his arrest was applicable to all the cases and the consequent chargesheets in the assets case. The CBI counsel maintained that the SC made it abundantly clear in the earlier instance that Jagan could move a fresh bail plea after the final chargesheet covering seven parties -- Sandur Power, cement companies, shell companies of Kolkata, Indu Projects and Lepakshi Knowledge Hub etc.Arguing for Jagan, senior counsel C Padmanabha Reddy and another counsel S Niranjan Reddy told the court that they were now seeking a statutory bail after the passage of 90-day timeframe fixed under section 167 (2) of CrPC. This argument was not raised before the apex court because by the time Jagan filed his earlier bail plea the 9- day time was not over.And now the CBI cannot misinterpret what the apex court said and infact no court in the country can take away the right of an accused to seek bail under 167 (2). The CBI cannot defeat the statute itself, they said. The judge reserved his orders to November 28. The court will take up on that day another petition filed by Jagan under a different provision of CrPC.Dismissing the plea by the existing polytechnic colleges, the AP High Court on Friday allowed the prvate engineering colleges in the state to run polytechnic colleges as a second shift. The high court bench comprising Acting CJ PC Ghose and justice Vilas V Afzalpurkar upheld the decision of the All India Technical Education Council (AICTE) in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346441", "title": "Soiled currency menace grows as people hoard fresh notes", "text": "INDORE: Soiled currency menace has made the life of Indoreans quite miserable. Efforts are being made by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in association with various banks through Coin Melas in which fresh currencies are exchanged with the soiled currency notes for absolutely free. It is despite the fact that the RBI has made it clear that no soiled currency will be in circulation after 31 March. So far, 10 such coin fairs have already been held at places like Indore, Dewas and Ujjain.Melas for fighting the soiled notes (currency including) fail to yield satisfactory results, despite RBI's claim of providing enough currency for circulation in the market. Mostly Rs 5 denomination notes are soiled and still being circulated. The reason being that people have got a tendency to hoard the arrival of new coins and thus stop them from being recirculated, say the people familiar with the development.In absence of these currencies, the traders try to take mileage out of it. They often ask their customers to buy chocolates in absence of currencies and also they sometime issue slips by putting their own stamp and signatures and ask them to bring them for purchase of materials next time whenever they visit the shop. Similarly, customers are compelled to get paid less in absence of these currencies by the sales counters at various places.Under its clean note policy, the RBI had advised commercial banks to organize coin fest for promoting currency management for ensuring availability of coins to common man. It was in this context that HDFC Bank had held a coin fair in the city on November 10.Head, currency chest, HDFC Bank, Indore, Hemant Kate, said, \"We had distributed currencies worth Rs 3.5 lakh during the fair. We are planning to hold another such fair during next month.\" Other banks like Bank of India and Union Bank of India have also held such fairs in the region in past.Head, currency chest, Union Bank of India,Babulal said, \"There was no dearth of fresh coins. The only problem was with the people who try to hoard the currencies and stop it from being recirculated.\" Head, currency chest, Bank of India, Narendra Raghuvanshi, said, \"Even we are worried to know that the fresh coins being distributed by our all 46 branches in the region are not being recirculated. There must be some way out how to bring them in circulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17343412", "title": "Woman found killed at Cansaulim", "text": "VASCO: A woman in her early 30s was found murdered and in a half-naked state in an isolated area at Uddi-Cansaulim on Friday.Verna PI Rajesh Kumar said, \"The panchanama shows that the woman was first raped and then strangled to death with a dupatta.\"Police were alerted in the afternoon to the body lying in the bushes off the main road leading to the hill that has atop it the Our Lady of Remedios Chapel.Kumar said, \"The identity of the deceased is not known, but on her right hand is a tattoo of the alphabets V L.\" The victim appears to be a labourer in her early 30s and a non-Goan.Police suspect the incident took place on Thursday night and the woman was murdered after being raped.The body has been shifted to Hospicio Hospital in Margao for the postmortem to be conducted on Saturday.The case has been registered so far under Section 302 (murder) of the IPC, pending the postmortem report. Kumar is investigating the case under the supervision of Vasco DySP Lawrence D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17344018", "title": "'Star Trek' desks boost math skills", "text": "LONDON: Researchers are designing new interactive multi-touch 'smart' desk classrooms which have been found to boost pupils' mathematical skills. Using multi-user desks in the the \"classroom of the future\" the children were able to work together in new ways to solve questions and problems using inventive solutions.Results from a 3-year project by the Durham University who worked with over 400 pupils, mostly 8-10 year olds, show that collaborative learning increases both fluency and flexibility in math .It also shows that using an interactive 'smart' desk can have benefits over doing mathematics on paper. The 'Star Trek classroom' could also help learning and teaching in other subjects.Seeing what your friends are doing, and being able to fully participate in group activities, offers new ways of working in class, the researchers say. The findings published in the journal Learning and Instruction, show that children using these SynergyNet classrooms improve in both mathematical flexibility and fluency, while children working on traditional paper-based activities only improve in flexibility.Researchers found that 45% of students who used the desks increased in the number of unique mathematical expressions they created, compared to 16% in the traditional paper-based activity.\"Our aim was to encourage far higher levels of active student engagement, where knowledge is obtained by sharing, problem-solving and creating, rather than by passive listening. This classroom enables both active engagement and equal access,\" lead researcher, Liz Burd, said.\"We found our tables encouraged students to collaborate more effectively. We were delighted to observe groups of students enhancing others' understanding of mathematical concepts. Such collaboration just did not happen when students used paper-based approaches,\" said Burd.Researchers designed software and desks that recognize multiple touches on the desktop using vision systems that see infrared light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343802", "title": "Green attraction: UP Forest Corporation takes eco tourism route to woo tourists", "text": "LUCKNOW: People keen to visit the interior areas of forests will not have to depend on unreliable and varied sources. The Uttar Pradesh Forest Corporation has taken up the initiative to identify eco-tourism sites in the state, compile all the information on the eco-tourism sites and put them on the website, so that people may be able to avail eco-tourism packages.Eco-tourism in UP is limited to Dudhwa National Park and some random locations around it, and it is still to get the needed push. On the chief minister's instructions to promote eco-tourism in the state, UP Forest Corporation has started efforts in the direction. Many locations in and around forest and protected areas have been identified by UPFC, which can be prospective eco-tourism sites. These include Katarniaghat on Gerua river in Bahraich, Chuka ghat in Pilibhit on Sharda dam, Chambal ravines in Agra, Nawabganj Bird Sanctuary in Unnao, Chandraprabha Rajdari water falls and Deodari water falls in Varanasi, Sarsainawar Sarus Sanctuary in Etawah, Sandi Bird Sanctuary in Hardoi, Noida Bird Sanctuary and Kalpi river cruise in Yamuna in Jalaun are the eco-tourism spots identified for promotion.UPFC might start offering eco-tourism tour packages by early next month. The tours will provide a first hand glimpse of the nature, biodiversity and natural habitat, agrarian culture of the state, hospitality of the rural folks and also the historical legacy of the visited site. The idea is to also encourage local people, mostly the rural folks, to play hosts to the tourists, in lieu of payments made by the corporation. It will also facilitate hassle-free visits to these areas for tourists willing to visit the places, along with investing in the infrastructure development. \"It will be done on a no-profit-no-loss basis,\" said Umendra Sharma, MD, UPFC.It may not always be easy for a common man to easily get permits for government rest houses, as most of the times, facilities available at the rest houses or even the locations of the rest houses are not properly documented. Tourists willing to visit eco-tourism sites face problems in hunting a place for a proper stay. UPFC, in order to make it easier for tourists, will put together all such details and upload on the website of the corporation.The corporation will manage the tours through websites and via automated SMSes, and tourists will be able to book a package and make an online payment. The website will not only inform tourists about the tour programme, but also about the team members who would accompany them to show places. The information will be dropped through automated SMSes on the mobile phones of the tourists.To let the tourists know interesting and lesser-known details of the eco-tourism sites, UPFC will constitute a team of local Eco Development Committees (EDCs) of villagers. They will basically be local companions and guides accompanied by a forest employee. The forest employee will accompany the tourists from set spots in Lucknow, Varanasi, Agra and Noida.Depending on the nature and place of the tour, tourists will be taken to the natural habitat in jungles amongst wild animals, to Vindhyan meadows and valleys and waterfalls, among dolphins and crocodiles in rivers, to the ravines of Chambal and Yamuna, to lively chaupals in villages and to agricultural fields among harvests, besides other places. While tourists can have fun, UPFC will take care of their transport, boarding, permits, arranging boats or safari, liaison and interaction with local people with the help of EDCs. To make the trip memorable, tourists will be presented with local souvenirs and a befitting farewell.\"Tourists will be persuaded to give feedback by floating a cash back scheme,\" said the official. The team members will get incentives based on the feedback. This will improve the quality and standard of hospitality, he said. The team members will drop tourists at the same point from where they picked up the tourists at the start of the tour.The members of EDCs, formed in villages, will be given training to deal with tourists, both domestic and foreigners. UPFC will pump back the revenue earned, thereby further creating infrastructure at the local level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346051", "title": "Left parties plan land stir", "text": "RANCHI: The Left parties in Jharkhand, in their bid to intensify agitation against the state government on forceful land acquisition, displacement issues and lack of rehabilitation, will organize economic blockade and rallies and visit areas affected by displacement. Joint meetings will be held in districts affected by displacement from December 1 to 10 which will culminate in a huge rally at Dumka on January 18.At a joint convention of the Left parties and the Jharkhand Dishom Party (JDP) here on Friday, CPI(ML) state secretary Bhubneshwar Prashad Mehta announced the programmes. \"We have made four-point strategies to demand rights for the tribals from the government. It (the agitations) will be important in the wake of unchecked violation of basic rights of the tribals,\" said Mehta.The agitations will all begin with activities to garner mass support by holding meetings in affected areas. After a rally is organized in Dumka on January 18, the Left parties will organize awareness campaigns at all district headquarters from January 28 to 30. They will resort to four-day economic blockade from February 24.JDP President Salkhan Murmu said the condition of displaced people was terrible in the state. \"At Nagri village, which is right under the nose of chief minister Arjun Munda , the government has carried out forceful displacement that has affected many. But the government is not paying any attention to the issue,\" said Murmu.CPI(ML) senior leader and secretariat member Prafulla Linda said leaders like A B Bardhan would take part in the agitations here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17344023", "title": "A K Chauhan new labour dept boss", "text": "PATNA: In a minor administrative reshuffle, the state government on Friday appointed A K Chauhan as labour resources department principal secretary. Principal secretary (health) Vyasji was holding the additional charge of labour.Official sources said principal secretary (energy) Ajay V Nayak will replace Chauhan in the vigilance department as its principal secretary. Secretary (excise and prohibition) Sandeep Paundrik will be the new energy secretary. Paundrik will hold additional charge of registration, excise and prohibition. Principal secretary (education) S Shiv Kumar has been made additional member of the board of revenue, Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342610", "title": "CB-CID handed over tender scam probe", "text": "NOIDA: In a major setback to Uttar Pradesh Police, the investigation of a scam involving sanctioning of Rs 954 crore worth tenders has been transferred to the CB-CID. All formalities have been made in this connection and on Wednesday a team of CB-CID reached Gautam Budh Nagar to recover documents and evidences related to the scam.\"The investigation has been handed over to us from UP Police and now our team will investigate the alleged scam,\" said a senior official of CB-CID.On June 13, 2012, Noida Authority got an FIR registered against two suspended engineers for alleged irregularities and fund embezzlement in the execution of infrastructure projects worth Rs 954 crore. The Authority had also suspended the then engineer-in-chief Yadav Singh and project engineer Ramendra for alleged fraud.The police had lodged an FIR against the duo as well as two Ghaziabad-based construction companies - Tirupati and JSP - under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, besides sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and Gangster and Anti-Social Activities (Prevention) Act.Singh was said to be \"extremely close\" to former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati and was responsible for the execution of all infrastructure projects in Noida. Other senior officials were also reportedly involved in the incident, but they managed to get a clean chit.Two days after the suspension and the FIR on June 13, Noida Authority CEO Sanjeev Saran had a notice pasted at Singh's house. The Authority turned the heat on him when the Samajwadi Party came to power in the state. The CEO had sealed the office of Yadav Singh and relieved him of his charges before he was suspended and booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17344970", "title": "Challan campaign against vehicles without speed governors", "text": "GURGAON: One of the major reasons for the increase in the number of accidents in the city can be attributed to the fact that most of the commercial vehicles don't have speed governors installed in them, even though it is mandatory.Waking up to this dismal fact the state government has now asked secretaries of all Road Transport Authorities (RTAs) to launch a vigorous campaign to challan the transport vehicles that are found without a speed governor or with one that is tampered.At a seminar organized by Haryana transport department regarding implementation of speed governors on Thursday, the transport commissioner Amit Jha said that a number of steps are being taken for successful implementation of the programme.He, however, said that there were several reports that the vehicle operators were resorting to tampering with the speed governors after their installation. He said that the purpose of the seminar was to sensitize all the stake holders about the issue and to arrive at certain conclusions with regard to making the speed governors tamper proof. A two member committee has also been constituted with representatives of speed governor manufacturers to make recommendations for making improvements in the existing Standard AIS:018 in order to make it more tamper proof.Meanwhile, most of the commercial cab owners in the city admit that they haven't installed speed governors in their vehicles. They claim that the authorities are very lax and do not carry out proper checks. \"The only time most of us get speed governors installed is when we have to get the annual fitness certificate. Even then there are many who don't get them installed even then as they bribe the officials. There are hardly any checks carried out by the enforcement authorities. Moreover we cannot afford to install these governors as they restrict the speed of our vehicles,\" said a cab agency owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344059", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to give assessment sheet with property tax demand note", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major development, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has made it compulsory to attach copies of measurement page and sketch while issuing demand note for property tax. This will come as a big relief for citizens as the properties will be assessed on the basis of ready reckoner (RR) and not annual letting value (ALV).However, property tax will increase by more than 100% in many cases when it is assessed on the basis of RR. It will be capped at 100% but is bound to create widespread discontent. The only way to reduce unrest is complete transparency.Wardhane issued the directive to Ravindra Kumbhare, additional deputy municipal commissioner (ADMC), on Thursday. Providing measurement page and sketch is mandatory but the property tax department doesn't follow the rule. The then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta had enforced this rule but soon after his transfer the practice was stopped by vested interests.The commissioner told TOI, \"This is a mandatory requirement. A taxpayer should know how his tax has been calculated so that he is satisfied that he is not being fleeced. Otherwise, many people feel that they are paying excess tax. This system will also end arbitrariness in assessment of property tax.\"Recently, a delegation of NMC Property Tax Committee (NPTC) met Wardhane and drew his attention towards this issue. Representing the committee, Shankar Gulani told the civic chief that there was no transparency in assessment of property tax. Citing an example, Gulani said that Asi Nagar zone officials had levied unjustified property tax on some plot owners last year. However, when the property owners raised objection, they increased it further.\"Had the citizens been showed how the tax was calculated, such arbitrariness could have been prevented,\" Gulani said.\"Without the sketch and measurement page, how can a taxpayer understand the tax demand and raise objections, if any?\" questioned Gulani, adding, \"In many cases, we found NMC had misplaced or lost files of taxpayers. Instead, officials ask residents to produce receipts of tax paid in the past. Accounts are never maintained properly and there is total lack of transparency.\"He pointed out that if a property owner fails to preserve and produce records of tax paid to NMC in previous years, the officials presume he is a defaulter. \"The taxpayers are at the mercy of officials,\" he rued.A taxpayer can calculate the approximate tax amount using the sketch and measurement page and will allow him to check whether the dimensions and shape of his property were proper. Gulani said, \"Measurement page contains the base for calculation of tax. The CNC Act mandates it but class III employees of NMC are ignoring the law. Is the city governed by the Act or these corrupt employees? On whose orders was Aseem Gupta's directive scrapped,\" he asked.There are total 5,33,613 properties in the city and the NMC is gearing up to levy property tax on basis of RR. The cost of construction will be evaluated on the basis of formula of public works department (PWD). The dimensions of the property should be accurate for proper assessment.As on date, civic officials are only assessing properties and preparing the files. Tax is being collected as per the old system, based on ALV. Real trouble will start when new demand notes are issued.TAX TRANSPARENCY* Along with property tax demand note, NMC will attach copies of measurement page and sketch properties.* Move is to ensure transparency in assessment of property tax.* This clause was mandatory earlier but the NMC officials were not following it.* A taxpayer can calculate the approximate tax amount using the sketch and measurement page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347596", "title": "Hrithik raises the bar to 30cr", "text": "Becomes the first actor to charge the amount upfront, and gets it for Siddharth Anand's remake of Knight And DayHrithik Roshan has done it again. He has hiked his fee for the second time in six years. And this time, the jump is as much as 50 per cent. In 2006, the actor had hiked his fee by 21 per cent.While you do the math , let's sum it up for you. Hrithik has reportedly charged a jaw-dropping amount of Rs 30 crore from Fox Star Studios, the producers of his next Siddharth Anand directorial - the official remake of Hollywood hit Knight And Day starring Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz .And this is the highest amount any actor has charged up front till date. The last time any star came close to this was Salman Khan, who charged Rs 27 crore for Ek Tha Tiger.Apparently, the actor who is currently completing his home production Krrish 3 with director daddy Rakesh, took the decision after the runaway success of Agneepath earlier this year.Though the production house and Hrithik chose to remain tightlipped about the Knight And Day deal, several trade experts and analysts confirmed Hrithik's price hike off the record.In fact trade analyst Amod Mehra opined, \"So what if Hrithik is charging Rs 30 crore for the film? I think it's less compared to what he gives in to his projects.\"According to a source from the trade, there are only a handful of actors who are considered for solohero projects these days. And most of them (namely, Shah Rukh Khan , Aamir Khan , Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar ) have a profit-sharing model of remuneration.\"Producers often want the top four or five actors. And this is the price you pay for them,\" said Mehra and added, \"The business of cinema has grown with time.And if one wants to recover the cost of making a film, they need one of these big stars and pay them what they demand. They justify the price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346827", "title": "Dance remains first love for Brook", "text": "British model Kelly Brook , who has finished her sell-out run as a dancer with the acclaimed French cabaret group Crazy Horse, says her love for dance has remained with her throughout her career, even though she ventured into different things.She has spent over 15 years in the industry, and she admits people still wonder why exactly she is famous, reports dailymail.co.uk.\"People ask, 'What are you? You are not really this, not really that',\" she said. But post her stint in Crazy Horse, she is hoping that they have a better idea.\"I am hoping that this has reminded everyone why I am still around,\" added the model, who turned 33 Friday.\"Because this, more than anything else, is what I love. It's taken me back to my roots, it's why I got into showbiz in the first place and it's why I put up with what I put up with... what I have to,\" she said.Before Brook entered showbiz, she trained primarily as a dancer at the Italia Conti Theatre School in London for three years. This was before she started modelling and her career took off in directions she didn't imagine.\"In your career, you get swept away and taken in all directions. Sometimes you have to be quite business-minded and political. I have done a bit of everything; I've been on television, been in Hollywood and made a film, but at the back of my mind it has always been dance,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347182", "title": "Contractors' work under KNN scanner", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Nagar Nigam (KNN) has decided to inspect construction work executed by contractors who had made bids below the stipulated rates. KNN has also asked its engineers to blacklist firms responsible for substandard construction.According to sources, in the month of October, contractors had made bids which were 26 percent below the rates fixed for the development work. In the month of November, Nagar Nigam floated tenders of Rs 1 crore for development work but the contractors made bids which were of 30 percent lesser value.Chief engineer JN Srivastava informed that contractors who had made bids below the stipulated rates had been identified and their performance was being scrutinized.Meanwhilem, Nagar Nigam has decentralized its central tax department which used to collect license fee from commercial vehicles. According to Umakant Tripathi, in charge, municipal commissioner central zone, the department has been decentralized in six zones as the area of the city has been expanded and people have to cover long distances to visit the department. Now the zones would collect license fee of their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345928", "title": "Daulat Singh forced to sign property papers", "text": "BHOPAL: \"On Thursday, Babulal, his wife Phoolwati and five other relatives forced their entry into the hutment of Daulat Singh,\" inspector in charge of Sultanpura police station Vikram Rajak said.\"They coerced Daulat Singh to sign on some property papers so that the two-acre land could be legally transferred in the name of Babulal and his family members.But when Daulat Singh refused, the miscreants forced him and Saroj Bai to consume a large quantity of poison. Their daughter Anjali was also made to drink poison and then thrown into a nearby gutter.\"Babulal and his relatives locked the door of the hutment from outside and set the place on fire. Though Daulat Singh managed to stagger out of the burning hut, his wife succumbed inside.Daulat Singh and Anjali were rushed to the district hospital where they are undergoing treatment. It was Daulat Singh's statement which nailed Babulal and the six others, who have now been booked for the murder of Saroj and the attempt to murder her husband and daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342137", "title": "Facebook comment on Bal Thackeray: Cops who danced to Shiv Sena tune to face music today", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Union home ministry demanding an action-taken report by Saturday evening itself, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is expected to take stringent action today against those police officers who erred in the case that led to the arrests of two 21-year-old Palghar girls on Monday. Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21, had been arrested for merely lamenting in an internet post the shutdown on Sunday due to Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's funeral.\"Special inspector general (IG) of police (Konkan) Sukhwinder Singh has said in his inquiry report that Palghar senior inspector Shrikant Pingle, additional superintendent of police Sangram Nishandar and superintendent of police Ravindra Sengaonkar did not take appropriate action in the case at the correct time,\" said a senior IPS officer. \"Singh has recommended appropriate administrative action against all officers who ineptly handled the case,\" the IPS officer added.Singh's report was finally submitted on Friday, two days after the state had said it would be ready. In fact, Chavan had earlier promised action against the erring police officers by Thursday itself.\"We have received a communication from the Union ministry of home affairs. It has sought all the details of the entire episode, along with an action-taken report by Saturday evening,\" a senior home department bureaucrat told TOI on Friday. \"We are submitting a comprehensive action-taken report to the Centre on Saturday itself.\" The bureaucrat added, \"The IG has recommended stringent action against the erring cops and the withdrawal of all criminal cases registered against the two young women.\" He added that director general of police Sanjeev Dayal has endorsed the IG's recommendation.In his report, Singh said that Indian Penal Code sections 295A and 505-2 were wrongly applied against the girls. The cops had first applied 295A (outraging religious feelings) and then replaced it with 505-2 (promoting hatred between groups). Singh's report is silent on the application of Section 66A of the IT Act. The Union IT ministry is investigating if it was proper to charge the girls under the IT Act.The DGP's office has forwarded Singh's report to the state home department for governmental action and will initiate departmental action against the police officers soon, sources said. It is not known what governmental or departmental action will be taken against them, but, after state sanction, they could be transferred or suspended. Special IG (law and order) Deven Bharti said, \"The application of both sections (295A and 505-2) was unjustified in the case. We have forwarded the inquiry report to the government for action against a few officers.\"IG Singh recorded the statements of around 15 people, including the two girls, before submitting his report of about 150 pages to the DGP.With regard to closing the case against the girls, Bharti said, \"Summarizing the case is the prerogative of the investigating officer.\" TOI earlier reported that the police might file a C-summary report in court, which usually says the case was filed under confusion and was amicably settled.Senior police officers are reportedly very upset with the way district-level officers handled the case. When the Palghar incident was initially reported to the DGP's office, after angry Shiv Sena supporters complained against the girls and her uncle's hospital was damaged, a senior IPS officer had instructed the district-level officers not to act against the girls. The district-level officers agreed, but arrested the girls anyway. Incidentally, by Monday DGP Dayal had already submitted a preliminary report to additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan saying that there appeared to be high-handedness on the part of the police and the arrests were uncalled for. Union telecom and IT minister Kapil Sibbal also expressed his displeasure over the police's high-handedness.Following a nationwide furore over the girls' arrests, Chavan and Patil had stepped in to give assurances of action against police officers. In fact, Patil had said on Tuesday, \"Give us some time. We are waiting for the report of the Konkan IG. We will take such action against the erring officials that the entire police will remember it for a long time.\"A bureaucrat said, \"As per rules, the entire report, along with the recommendations of Dayal and Patil, will be placed before Prithviraj Chavan. We expect to take action against all the erring officers on Saturday itself.\"A senior IPS officer said the entire process was expedited after the Centre asked for an action-taken report. \"Our information is that not only central ministers Kapil Sibal and Milind Deora, but even Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has expressed strong displeasure over the inept handling of the situation ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17348155", "title": "Attend college for a month, get attendance for a year", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University of Culture has courted controversy by issuing a recent notice that PG students who attend classes for one month from November 6 to December 6 will be regarded as attending classes for the entire session.\"If the attendance of the student comes to 80% for the whole month (Nov 6-Dec 6), then it will be considered as 60% of attendance for the whole session,\" the recent notice said. Sixty per cent attendance in the academic session is mandatory for appearing in the examinations. The notice is for PG students of both first year and second years who have fallen short of the mandatory 60% attendance.Some students have taken strong objection to the varsity decision. \"Going by the varsity logic, one month is enough for the entire year study. There is no need for year-long academic activities. Students who are sincerely attending the classes for the entire year are wasting time,\" said Sabyasachi Pattanayak, a bachelor in visual arts student in the college. Pattanayak has sent a memorandum to the V-C, protesting the move. A student said the move was initiated to help certain influential students who never attended classes to appear in the examinations.University authorities defended the decision saying the move was aimed to help students who fell short of the 60% attendance norms. \"We found seven of our students fall marginally short of 60% attendance. We asked these students to attend the month to make up,\" said Utkal University of Culture vice-chancellor Amiya Patnaik.Patnaik said the varsity doesn't want to punish students for falling short of attendance norms by narrow margin. There is no candidate having zero attendance. So it is unfair to equate the one-month class with the rest one year. \"Ours is a practical-oriented course. These students have to complete the practical classes and submit projects in this one month,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343688", "title": "Akhilesh writes to PM, seeks subsidized items for Kumbh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Calling unfortunate the Centre's decision to cancel subsidised supply of food grains, kerosene and LPG during the Maha Kumbh Mela in Allahabad next year, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking the Centre to reconsider their decision and supply essential commodities at subsidised rates between January and March 2013.Saying that the mega festival would be a massive cultural and religious festival and offer tourism promotion opportunities not only for UP but for India as well, Akhilesh also said the Centre's failure to offer assistance could lead to public resentment. In 2001, the last time Allahabad hosted Maha Kumbh, the Central government had made arrangements to supply subsidised allocations of food grains and other facilities for pilgrims, security personnel, akharas, religious and voluntary organisations and employees.In his letter to the prime minister, Akhilesh has requested the Centre to provide wheat and rice at BPL rates and kerosene, LPG refill and temporary connections at PDS rates. This follows a dismissal by the ministries of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Petroleum and Natural Gas, which turned down the state government's request to make cheaper facilities available to visiting tourists and volunteers.Asking for the PM's intervention, Akhilesh has said the officials concerned should be directed to provide 16,200 MT of wheat and 9,600 MT of rice at BPL rates. In addition, UP government has also raised a demand for 13,200 litres of kerosene, 18,000 temporary LPG connections and 60,000 refills at PDS or subsidised rate for Maha Kumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343538", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal to unveil party's name, statute today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly two months after he announced the launch of a new political party to bring power back to the people, activists-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal-Prashant Bhushan along with over 300 colleagues will meet on Saturday to announce the name and constitution for the outfit. This will be the first meeting of its \"national council\" and the members are expected to ratify the name and elect a 30-member national executive which will the highest decision-making body for the party.The party will be formally launched on November 26 at Jantar Mantar as announced earlier. Kejriwal and others plan to submit their paperwork, including a videotape of Saturday's meeting, 300 affidavits, and other formalities within the next week to the Election Commission for registration of the party's name. However, it could take four-five months before the party is formally registered in their name and a symbol is allotted.Earlier, Kejriwal has announced that he would give up the India Against Corruption (IAC) tag once the party was launched. The group had on October 2 announced their political party and a draft vision document but had not announced a name. They had, however, invited suggestions from the public insisting that these inputs will be incorporated before a vision document is finalized.\"Work on the party's constitution is complete, and it will be formally adopted on November 26. But we will announce and discuss this and other issues with our colleagues across the country tomorrow,\" Kejriwal said.The group has in the last two months received 35,000 suggestions from across the country of which a majority has been regarding the party's name. Others issues that people have sent suggestions for include vision, procedure of selection of candidates and the Jan Lokpal movement.Irrespective of the name, Kejriwal-Bhushan duo has already emerged as leading anti-corruption crusaders and in recent months set the agenda that political parties have been forced to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342970", "title": "Massive spurt in dengue cases in 2012", "text": "NEW DELHI: While cases of malaria and chikungunya show a dip across India, dengue cases have started to climb steadily.Official records of the Union health ministry reveal that there has been a massive increase of dengue infection in the country this year.India had recorded 15,535 cases and 96 deaths in 2009, but the corresponding figure till November, 2012, stood at over 35,000 cases and 216 fatalities.Tamil Nadu has recorded the highest number of deaths (60), followed by Maharashtra (59), Karnataka (21), Punjab (15), Kerala (13) and West Bengal (9). In the number of confirmed cases, too, Tamil Nadu leads the pack with 9,249 cases, only next to Bengal (6,067 cases).Two other states have breached the 3,000 mark - Kerala (3,674) and Karnataka (3,482).Maharashtra, which has recorded the second highest number of deaths, however, reported fewer dengue cases at 1,464.Delhi has recorded 1,584 cases and four deaths.The number of cases of dengue infection and deaths is higher this year than the previous two years.In 2010, India recorded 28,292 cases and 110 deaths, while it recorded 18,860 cases and 169 deaths last year.In comparison, malaria cases and deaths have decreased from 15 lakh cases and 1,144 deaths in 2009 to 7.36 lakh cases and 309 fatalities this year.In case of chikingunya, cases have decreased from 73,288 cases in 2009 to 14,227 cases in 2012.Minister of state for health Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury said on Friday, \"While there is an increase in the total number of dengue cases and deaths during the current year in various parts of the country, in case of chikungunya and malaria, the number of reported cases have declined.\"Choudhury added, \"For augmented diagnosis, 347 sentinel surveillance facilities have been established in hospitals across states. They are linked to 14 apex referral laboratories. ELISA-based NSI test kits for detection of cases from the first day of diseases can be procured by state governments under National Rural Health Mission.\"The World Health Organization (WHO) recently sent out an ominous warning that climate change and global warming will make vector- borne diseases like dengue and malaria more lethal.A landmark report on climate change and health published by WHO says that in the last 100 years, the world has warmed by approximately 0.75 degree Celsius. Over the last 25 years, the rate of global warming has accelerated, at over 0.18 degree Celsius per decade.\"Many of the major killers such as diarrhoeal diseases, malnutrition, malaria and dengue are highly climate-sensitive and are expected to worsen as the climate changes,\" said WHO.It added, \"Malaria is strongly influenced by climate. Transmitted by Anopheles mosquitoes, malaria kills almost 1 million people every year. The Aedes mosquito vector of dengue is also highly sensitive to climate conditions. Studies suggest that climate change could expose an additional 2 billion people to dengue transmission by 2080.\"According to WHO, over the last century, the surface area on which malaria remains a risk has been reduced from half to a quarter of the earth's landmass, but due to demographic changes the number of people exposed to malaria has increased substantially over the same period.Estimates of cases and deaths differ greatly: the number of cases stands between 200 million and 500 million while the death estimate is around 1 million per year.On the other hand, dengue has become the most rapidly spreading mosquito-borne viral disease in the world.It is estimated to cause over 50 million infections and around 15,000 deaths every year across approximately 100 countries.\"Infection could range from a mild flu-like fever to the potentially fatal severe dengue, which particularly affects individuals who are exposed to one of the four different strains of the virus as a secondary infection. Heavy rainfall can cause standing water, while drought can encourage people to store more water around the home, both providing breeding sites for Aedes mosquitoes. Warm temperatures increase the development rates of both the mosquito vector and the virus, fuelling more intense transmission,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347114", "title": "'Dallas' star Larry Hagman dies at 81", "text": "'Dallas' legend Larry Hagman died on Friday night after years of battling cancer. He was 81.The actor's closest co-stars, Linda Gray and Patrick Duffy , who played wife Sue Ellen and brother Bobby, were at his bedside in a Dallas hospital, the Sun reported.Gray's agent Jeffrey Lane said: \"Linda was with him.\"\"They had been friends for 35 years and they had worked together for many years so obviously it is devastating.\"She called and told me. She sounded very sad,\" he said.Hagman was in the middle of filming the Dallas comeback series.A spokesman for Hagman said the family were \"devastated.\"Hagman had a lifesaving liver transplant in August 1995 and had battled cancer.But he had been optimistic about the future and told how he was fighting the condition by becoming a vegan.\"Larry Hagman was my best friend for 35 years,\" Gray said.\"He was the Pied Piper of life and brought joy to everyone who knew him.\"He was creative, generous, funny, loving and talented. I'll miss him enormously,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344573", "title": "Fair adds colour to Raj Bhavan", "text": "KOLKATA: The lush green South West lawn of Raj Bhavan came alive on Friday evening with artists showcasing their work at the art and craft fair. While governor MK Narayanan played the perfect host, doing the rounds of stalls and interacting with visitors, the artists were happy to get a platform to display their art.The fair was jointly organized by the Crafts Council of India, an NGO that promotes handloom and handicrafts, the state tourism department and EZCC, a wing of the Centre to promote folk art, both tangible and intangible.Besides the different kinds of art forms that were exhibited, chhou and santhal dancers, bauls and a bohurupi added colour to the event. \"Look at how painstakingly these artists are weaving the textile. I am also amazed by the work of shola pith workerss. Look at the intricate ornamentation in those figurines, how naturally perfect they are,\" said Narayanan.\"We have a rich heritage - built, tangible and intangible. It is our duty as citizens to protect and conserve them to save them from getting lost forever. The effort is a step in that direction and is happening because the governor is keenly interested in preserving heritage,\" said Oindrilla Dutt, one of the organizers.The Raj Bhavan lawns looked different on Friday evening and some called it a perfect start to winter. The lush green South West lawns was dotted with artisans working away at their art. And then there were some artists who were there to perform their folk arts. The fair left all, including the host, Governor MK Narayanan enthralled. The objective was to encourage rural artisans and from the happy look on their faces, it was clear that the organizers were successful.The fair was jointly organized by the Crafts Council of India, an NGO that promotes handloom and handicrafts, the state tourism department and EZCC, a wing of the centre to promote folk art, both tangible and intangible. About 15 different kinds of handloom and handicraft making artforms were on display on the lawns and while initially the idea was to only display the products, gradually the invitees had a gala time buying them.Governor Narayanan himself went around, looking at the items, speaking to artisans trying to find out how the products are made. \"Look at how painstakingly these artists are weaving those beautiful textiles. I am absolutely amazed also by the work of the shola pith workers! Look at the intricate ornamentation in those figurines, how naturally perfect they are!\" he said happily.The programme wore a completely informal look as security men stood at the edges of the lawns and the Governor freely interacted with the invitees. The presence of school children, chhou and santhal dancers, bauls and a bohurupi added colour and animation to the event. \"I am extremely happy that the Rajbhavan is now open to children visitors and their pattering feet make the atmosphere a happy one,\" he said. Later, he stood beside the children, hugging and chatting with them, as they queued up for their evening snacks. \"Hey! What's on offer! Even I would like some food!\" he said happily as the kids giggled.It was a treat to see the different kinds of patachitras from the different districts of Bengal getting made. \"While in Midnapur you have patas being made out of the Mangal Kavya, Ramayana and Mahabharata, in Bishnupur the tradition is that of the Dasavatar cards. However, modern topics like environment, the importance of trees, Tsunami and AIDS are getting into patas these days,\" said Gurupada Chitrakar.One also got to see the rare Sureshwari Sara at the fair. This art form is almost extinct in West Bengal now and is practiced by some artists in Bangladesh . \"We have a rich heritage - built, tangible and intangible. It is our duty as citizens to protect and conserve them to save them from getting lost forever. The effort is a step in that direction and is happening because the Governor is keenly interested in preserving heritage,\" said Oindrilla Dutt, one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343555", "title": "ESI board moots new hospital in North Goa", "text": "PANAJI: A new employees' state insurance corporation (ESIC) hospital should be set up in North Goa, preferably in Porvorim, or somewhere close to Panaji to cater to the ESIC beneficiaries and a proposal to this effect should be forwarded to ESIC headquarters in Delhi soon.This was the unanimous proposal for Goa by ESIC's regional board during its meeting on Friday. The meeting was chaired by labour minister Avertano Furtado, who is also the chairperson of the ESIC regional board for Goa.ESIC regional director C V Joseph, who is the member secretary of the board, said that the board deliberated on various points for the improvement of the ESI scheme in Goa. While 1,61,000 employees are directly insured under ESI in Goa, their family members take the total number of ESI beneficiaries to over six lakh.Joseph said the board deliberated on setting up new dispensaries in Sattari and Verna, where the state government has already given its approval.The board has proposed to open a model dispensary cum diagnostic centre with provisions for specialist services in Goa. This is under the active consideration of the government of Goa but will be fully funded by the central government. Members noted that the infrastructure of the ESI scheme in Goa has improved considerably and will only get better with the 100-bed modern hospital coming up at Margao.Joseph told TOI that ESIC has now tied up with leading private corporate hospitals in Goa and other states for availing cashless, super-speciality treatment without any upper ceiling on the expenditure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346414", "title": "DG 0005 fetches '13 lakh, a new high for VIP numbers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Public penchant for VIP numbers was evident on Friday when the number DG 0005, was sold for a whopping Rs 13 lakh, making it the highest grosser in the state. Other numbers in the series, like 0001 and 0009 were sold for Rs 5 lakh and 2.8 lakh respectively. The auction was held at Bachat Bhavan in the mini secretariat.Officials in the district transport office said a Sarabha Nagar based company, Pure Milk products, won the number 0005 of the DG series in the auction. It was taken for a land cruiser worth Rs 1 crore. While Pure Milk Products owner Kamal Bajaj was not available for comments, an employee who received the call said, \"Our boss likes the number five. Therefore, staff members who attended the auction tried their best to get him his favourite number.\"Yadwinder Singh, a businessman from Barewal road, got the number 0001 for his Audi Q 5, while 0009 went to Nitin Singla. Maninder Deep Singh won 002 for Rs 2.5 lakh. According to district transport officer Manpreet Singh Chatwal, the department fetched Rs 40.78 lakh from the auction of the first 40 numbers of the DG series. \"The auction is on and will continue till late in the evening. Around 270 numbers of the DG series and pending 169 numbers of the DF series are to be auctioned,\" said Chatwal.The DTO revealed they received 631 applications for the DG series and 337 applications for the DF series. \"There were only two applicants for 0005, which fetched us the record price of Rs 13 lakh. So far, the response has been encouraging,\" Chatwal said. A large number of people turned up for the auction, vying for their favourite numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345894", "title": "75% attendance must for college students", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has directed college principals to increase attendance of students in classes under \"Quality Extension Year 2012-13\". 75 % attendance of students in classes is mandatory in colleges. The principals have been asked to duly maintain attendance registers. Principals have been directed to take decision at a meeting of discipline and quality committee chaired by them regarding rustication from college of those students who remain absent continuously for 15 days, an official spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344385", "title": "Jadu Bhatta's 177-year-old tanpura finds place in Indian Museum", "text": "KOLKATA: A mid-19th century tanpura that Dhrupad legend Jadu Bhatta used to play while giving lessons to icons like Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay and Rabindranath Tagore has made its way to the portals of Indian Museum.Jadunath Bhattacharya was born in Bishnupur in 1840 and got his earliest training in Dhrupad from his singer father, Madhusudan Bhattacharya. Soon, he started training with Ramshankar Bhattacharya, who was already a name in the Dhrupad form of classical music, which is Bengal's indigenous contribution to Hindusthani raag sangeet and is distinct from Kheyal.However, despite this beginning, Bhatta was not a part of the Bishnupur gharana of classical music. At the age of 15, he ran away from his home, reached Chitpore and took up a job as a cook in order to survive. This is borne out in the findings of scholar Haraprasad Shashtri.It was a coincidence that the house in which Bhatta started staying was opposite the residence of singer Haraprasad Bandyopadhyay, who was a disciple of another Dhrupad legend, Ganganarayan Chattopadhyay. Bhatta would hide near the entrance of Haraprasad's house and hear him sing. He got caught one day and confessed his love for music. Bhatta stunned everyone by his talent when he was asked to sing and Ganganarayan took him under his wings. Gradually, Bhatta was trained in the Khandarban gharana of Dhrupad singing.The young Bhatta started teaching Bankim Chandra and would visit him at his Naihati Kanthalpara home. It was here that he even set the tune to Bankim's Bande Mataram. Later, he was employed in the Adi Bramho Samaj. It was during this phase that he got close to the Tagore family and started teaching Dhrupad to 15-year-old Rabindranath. Interestingly, this classical training remained with Tagore for his entire life and he used Dhrupad tunes while creating music for many of his songs.Bhatta died at a young age of 40. His tanpura remained with Haraprasad's grandson, Kaliprasad Bandyopadhyay. Later, it went to another singer of the Khandarban gharana, Uday Bhattacharya, who took great care of the instrument and handed it down to Arun Bhattacharya, his grandson, also a Dhrupad singer and a professor at the Rabindra Bharati University. \"We discovered the tanpura at the Chitpore house of Arun Bhattacharya when we had gathered there for a music session. We were fascinated and convinced Arun that he should hand it over to the museum so that people can come and see it. He readily agreed,\" said Anup Motilal, director of the Museum.Bhatta's tanpura looks a little different from the present day instrument. The base is a little oblong in shape and experts said that this helped to create the deep bass tone that is needed for Dhrupad singing. Despite its age and long years of disuse, the tanpura is in shape.\"We called in experts to check the instrument and touch it up a bit, but that was minimal. The 177-year-old instrument is in perfect shape and will be displayed at a single-object exhibition that we will be extremely proud to organize in the first week of December,\" Motilal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344005", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation internal audit reveals revenue collection scam", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body has been hit by yet another scam, this time a revenue collection scam involving some officials and employees of two zones. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is likely to suspend three officials and employees in the case.Confirming the case, Wardhane told TOI that misappropriation was detected in collection of revenue at Dharampeth and Dhantoli zones. \"I will take a decision after going through the enquiry report. Any case of irregularity will be dealt with seriously,\" he said.Sources at NMC told TOI that the case is related to collection of revenue in market department. \"Officials and employees at Dharampeth and Dhantoli zones collected revenue from NMC leased shops and other sources but did not deposit the money in NMC's account. The misappropriated amount goes into lakhs in the financial years 2009-10 and 2010-11. The scam came to fore when revenue collected and the bank accounts were tallied in these two zones,\" the sources said.The sources added that deputy director (audit) Suvarna Pande detected the scam. \"NMC has never done internal audit of its departments and accounts. Pande was appointed as deputy director (audit) a couple of years ago at NMC. Since then Pande has started audit of departments. Audit of market, estate and octroi departments has been completed. Pande has also completed audit of few zones, including Dharampeth and Dhantoli. The scam came to fore during these audits. Wardhane was informed about the detection and he directed Pande to conduct a detail enquiry. Pande completed the enquiry and submitted a report to the civic chief on Friday confirming misappropriation in revenue,\" the sources said.Wardhane was to issue suspension letters to officials and employees on Friday. But he had to attend some meetings, including one with mayor Anil Sole and other office bearers, so he is not likely to issue suspension orders on Saturday or Monday.NMC's revenue from market department is always in question, as it is always lower than expectation. Besides, the department shows huge arrears with leaseholders. Chances of the scam becoming murkier cannot be ruled out, in case a detail enquiry is conducted into the entire revenue from market department.The property tax department is another place where revenue is less than expectation, and there are huge arrears. Even the department's data shows lack of revaluation of existing properties and assessment of large number of new properties.After audit by Pande, the revenue from estate department too seems to be on the rise. The estate department has been concentrating on flaws in revenue collection and increasing revenue for the last couple of years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346315", "title": "Amala Paul photo shoots with Sunder", "text": "Amala Paul who is busy with her films 'Nimirnthu Nil' starring opposite Jayam Ravi and the untitled A.L Vijay's movie with Vijay took some time off yesterday to shoot for the Christmas special cover of Southscope magazine.The pretty actress seems to working round the clock and making the most of her time. Amala Paul tweeted \"And finally thats a wrap! !..11 hours of film shoot and 3 hours photshoot ...am no tired :-D! ! #shoot #fun #work\"The Mynaa actress seems to be enjoying the photo shoots and furher tweeted \"It was a fantastic shoot with the great great @sunderramu ..sooper fun ...!!! Can't wait to see the final one.\"Image Courtesy: Amala Paul's twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342620", "title": "Authority mulls change in DND deal", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has started talks with the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd (NTBCL) over provisions of the concession agreement regarding recovery of the project cost and the toll company's designated annual return of 20% of the total cost. The move comes a day after the Federation of Noida Resident Welfare Association (FONRWA) filed a PIL in the Allahabad high court seeking to make the DND Flyway toll free.The Authority doesn't seem keen on bearing the toll operator's increasing cost burden and its requests for frequent revision of toll rates. Sources said that the Authority feels that current concession agreement between the toll company and the Authority is one-sided and \"unduly favourable to the private party\" that helps it milk the public authority for profits.Sources said that due to these clauses, NTBCL has proposed hiking the toll rates at least four times in the past one year alone.The Authority is, hence, actively considering tweaking, or amending at least some clauses in the agreement to suit both parties. It is already in talks with its top brass as well NTBCL regarding this matter.\"Public pressure has resulted in the toll company rolling back the hike in toll charges this time. However, the clause in the current agreement that allows toll revision based on the consumer price index , besides other things, is against public interest and needs to be altered,\" an official said.\"The Authority needs to get the toll bridge transferred from NTBCL to itself soon. NTBCL has been charging toll from commuters on DND since it started operations in 2002 and has already recovered cost of constructing the 9.2km-long flyway. It is high time that the flyway is made toll free,\" said NP Singh, President, FONRWA.NTBCL authorities refused to comment.The toll charges on the DND were hiked on November 10. Four wheelers were required pay Rs 25 instead of Rs 22 and two wheelers were required to pay Rs 12 instead of Rs 11. NTBCL had proposed to the Noida Authority to implement a hike of about 36% for four wheelers, thus proposing to hike the toll for four wheelers to Rs 30.However, Noida Authority insisted that the toll rates be hiked by a maximum of about 9-13% to minimize the burden on public. On November 18, the toll hike was rolled back fearing protests by FONRWA and the Bharatiya Kisan Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344691", "title": "Girl drowns in Saroornagar lake", "text": "Mohammed Afrin, 13, who was playing at the banks of Saroornagar lake drowned on Friday morning. Her body is yet to be traced. Police said Afrin came to Priyadarshini park with her brother Aslam at around 10am. As the park was closed both of them came to the lake and were catching fish. Afrin fell into the water and within minutes she drowned. Aslam immediately informed the police. \"Swimmers were pressed into the water but till now her body was not located. She is a resident of Bhavani Nagar near Saidabad,\" police said.tnnA ninth class girl student who was playing on the banks of Saroornagar lake drowned on Friday morning and her body is yet to be traced. Saroornagar police said that Mohammed Afrin, 13, actually came to Priyadarshini park along with her brother Aslam at around 10 am. As the park was closed both of them went to see the water body and tried to catch fishes while sitting on the banks of Saroornagar lake. But suddenly, she fell into the water and within few minutes she drowned. Her brother Aslam alerted the police picket nearby, who rushed to the spot. Police immediately pressed swimmers to fish out the girl. \"Swimmers were pressed into the water but till now her body was not located. She is a resident of Bhavani Nagar near Saidabad,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342480", "title": "Vintage pics stir Madras memories", "text": "CHENNAI: A rare photograph of Madras taken in 1881 that offers an aerial view and a glimpse of the first ministry headed by C Rajagopalachari in 1953 are among the numerous pictures displayed at an exhibition to commemorate the diamond jubilee celebrations of the Tamil Nadu assembly.The exhibition, inaugurated by the chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday in the assembly complex, will be on view till November 30 for the benefit of students and public who can visit the place from 11 am to 5 pm on all days.The chief minister spent ample time to take a look at the rare photos on display.The aerial view of erstwhile Madras captured in a black and white photo, was a crowd puller with many people trying to fix the location of their present residential areas on the exhibit. However, most of them were disappointed since many places in the city were missing in the snap. \"I could not locate Kilpauk where I live now,\"a senior government official who visited the exhibition said.The expo also traces the history of the state assembly and the rare photographs capture some of the finest moments of the assembly proceedings over the years.Photographs of chief ministers of various regimes, assembly speakers, important leaders, chief ministers delivering their address in the assembly, events attended by governors and chief ministers, various appearances of Fort St George, presentation of budgets, chief ministers meeting foreign envoys and other important persons, have been featured.Other rare pictures that attracted the eye most was that of late C N Annadurai coming to the assembly with a leather bag to present the budget and AIADMK founder and the former chief minister M G Ramachandran sitting on the floor and having meal with the local people.The formal diamond jubilee function of the Assembly is scheduled on November 30 in which President Pranab Mukherjee , Governor K Rosaiah and the chief minister Jayalalithaa would participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17343711", "title": "Caught smoking 5 years ago, youth shoots teacher", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On November 14, when Gujaratis across the globe were celebrating their new year, a private tuition teacher in Dehgam, Krunal Shah, 35, was shot point blank by a former student - ironically a namesake, Krunal Amin - who nursed a grudge against him.Amin was caught smoking by the teacher who reported the matter to his parents five years ago.On the Gujarati new year day, when several students had called on Shah to offer wishes, Amin walked into his teacher's house at 2.30 pm.Shah's wife Bhumika allowed him inside. The student asked Shah if he recognizes him. When Shah could not recollect his name, the student asked him, \"Don't you remember, you ruined my life five years back?\"This too failed to jog Shah's memory and then the former student introduced himself - Krunal Amin, 22, a resident of Dehgam, Gandhinagar district. Krunal added, \"You had caught me smoking five years ago and had complained to my father. My father has broken all contacts with me since then.\"Before Shah could react, Krunal took out a country-made pistol and shot him in the stomach at point-blank range. Bhumika lunged forward and caught hold of Krunal's hand. This saved Shah from the next two shots which hit a wall behind him. Then the country-made pistol malfunctioned and ejected its magazine. Krunal fled from the house. Outside, his friend, Mitesh Rajput, was waiting on a bike. But, Mitesh was caught by Shah's neighbours who rushed out hearing the shots and cries of alarm. Krunal managed to escape.Shah is being treated at a private multi-specialty hospital in Ahmedabad. \"I now remember that five years ago Krunal, then a class XI student, used to attend my tuition class. An irregular student, I caught him smoking and reported the matter to his father. That was the last I saw of Krunal. I had no idea that he still held a grudge against me.\"Dehgam police inspector M H Shaikh said: \"We tracked down Krunal in Dakor. He has been booked and arrested for attempt to murder.\"Smoking stubbed his cushy lifeWhen Krunal Amin, 22, stood in front of his former tuition teacher, Krunal Shah, 35, he was boiling with rage and pent up frustrations which had peaked over the last five years of his life.After Krunal was arrested for shooting at his former teacher, Dehgam police inspector M H Shaikh found out the other side of the story. \"Krunal was a teenager when he used to study at a private tuition classes conducted by Shah. Shah says that Krunal often bunked classes to have a smoke, while his friends studied. When one day Shah caught Krunal smoking and informed his father, trouble erupted for the boy,\" said Shaikh.\"Krunal was scolded by his father and then asked to leave home because of his wayward nature. The boy belongs to a good financial background and is used to leading a good life. His father is a cloth trader while his sister is an airhostess. However, after this episode Krunal fell on hard times and was forced to take up menial jobs and also shuttle between Mumbai and Daman hunting for work.The youth's subsequent attempts to reconcile with his father also failed to get him the desired response from his family members,\" said a Dehgam police official. The last five years have been tough on Krunal. \"He holds his former private tuition teacher responsible for his run of misfortune,\" said Shaikh.Krunal had been planning this revenge attack for some time, believe Dehgam police. \"He told us that during one of his trips to Mumbai he had purchased a country-made pistol from the Chor Bazaar there. After his arrest we took him to the Chor Bazaar and crosschecked his claim,\" said the official.The youth had kept his vengeful plans a closely guarded secret. He did not tell this to his unwitting accomplice Mitesh Rajput. Mitesh is Krunal's schoolmate. On November 14, Krunal asked Mitesh to wait outside the house when he went to 'wish' his teacher. After shooting Shah, in the rush to get out Krunal dropped his bike's keys in Shah's house. While Krunal managed to escape on foot Mitesh was caught by the neighbours. Mitesh later claimed innocence.Later, cops took Mitesh's help to nab Krunal. \"When we were recording Mitesh's statement, Krunal called up on his cellphone. We asked Mitesh to tell Krunal that he too was on the run and wanted to meet him. Krunal believed him and revealed that he was hiding in Dakor. Then a Dehgam police team rushed there and arrested Krunal,\" said Shaikh. Having been booked for attempt to murder, Krunal is now lodged in the Sabarmati Central Jail.Ordeal not over for the teacherThough Shah survived his former students' bullets, his ordeal is far from over. The bullet is now lodged in his lower stomach. Since it has punctured his intestines, the doctors have chosen to wait for the wounds to heal before operating him again. \"My financial condition is very modest and I have requested the hospital authorities to grant me some relief to help pay my bills,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342109", "title": "Nostalgia and felicitations mark CCI's 75th birthday", "text": "MUMBAI: Have you ever been to a birthday party where you, as a guest, end up getting expensive gifts without actually giving anything to the birthday boy or girl? Well, that's exactly what happened on a delightful and breezy Thursday evening as the Cricket Club of India celebrated its platinum jubilee in grand style.To mark the occasion, the iconic club's president, Sevanthi Parekh, felicitated Sachin Tendulkar for completing 100 centuries in international cricket. The club also awarded honorary lifetime memberships to BCCI president N Srinivasan, Indian coach Duncan Fletcher , England's Andy Flower (team director), Graham Gooch (batting coach) and captain Alastair Cook , who chose to miss the function to prepare for the second Test.The CCI was the epicentre of cricket in Mumbai before the concrete jungle called Wankhede sprung up across 'D' Road in Churchgate in 1975 thanks to an ego tussle between the MCA and the BCCI. But Srinivasan, who was made a fervent appeal by Parekh to facilitate the early return of international cricket to the venue, assured Parekh that he will do everything he can to make that happen. \"Things usually take time at the BCCI. But I promise to put your request to the committee members,\" Srinivasan said.Tendulkar reminisced the good times he had at the CCI and pointed out Ranji Trophy champions Mumbai's 10-wicket triumph over the mighty Aussies in 1998 as the highlight. Tendulkar had scored his maiden double century, an unbeaten 204, in that game and it set the tone for the three-match series as he dominated Shane Warne .\"That made me very proud as a Mumbaikar,\" he said, and thanked former India and Mumbai player Madhav Apte and former BCCI president Raj Singh Dungarpur, who were CCI committee members in the late 1980s, for breaking the rules and allowing Tendulkar, still only 14, access to the dressing room. Usually, that privilege was accorded only to cricketers who were over 18.There was also a wonderful 10-minute tribute to Tendulkar by sand artist Rahul Arya. The entire Indian team, led by MS Dhoni, was there for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346920", "title": "CAT-I approach lighting to be installed at airport", "text": "INDORE: Indore airport is gearing up for the installation of CAT-I approach lighting to increase the visibility. At present, the airport is having only simple approach lighting, which is not sufficient to cater to the airport's requirement for fighting fog-like situation.Indore airport is all set to turn CAT-I compliant, said the director of Indore airport, RN Shinde, while talking to ToI on Thursday. Installation of CAT-I approach lighting is a step in that direction.Chief minister, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, recently met union minister of civil aviation in New Delhi to discuss the issue. The electromagnetic device will take the airport a step further in the direction of being equipped with navigational aids.Shinde said that the airport needs to have the possession of 25 acre of land in front of integrated building for car parking for the international airport. The only problem was that the ownership of the land was under dispute between the state government and the Holkar Trust, he said. Talking about setting up the centre for perishable cargo at Indore airport, Shinde said that the airport authority here was in talks with Airport Authority of India ( AAI) for allotment of land.The facility will be established by MPWLC under PPP mode for which 1500 sq metre area is required.The need for extending facilities at the state hangar at Bhopal airport also figured during the CM's talks with the union minister. The CM also pointed out that the revised schedule of Air India connecting Bhopal and Delhi was inconvenient for passengers and requested to restore the earlier schedule. Ajit Singh assured to positively look into both the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17344067", "title": "Pediatricians' state meet from today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kerala Pedicon 2012, the 41st annual conference of the Indian Academy of Pediatrics (IAP) Kerala State, will begin at Kadavu Resort on Saturday. Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer will inaugurate the two-day conference.The theme of the conference will be 'childhood - reclaiming the magic'. \"The theme is of contemporary relevance as the childhood is being spoiled by undue stress -- both psychological and physical,\" said Dr E K Suresh Kumar , organizing secretary. \"All the deliberations will focus on this aspect and will discuss the possibility of giving back a normal childhood to even children with chronic illness like diabetes and malignancy,\" he said.A neurology protocol will be released by the pediatric neurology chapter of IAP. The Down Syndrome medical interest group will also be launched at the inaugural session. The protocol for management of children with Down Syndrome will also be released. \"Pre-conference workshops will begin on Friday,\" said Dr Suresh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345914", "title": "Four killed in container, truck collision", "text": "BHOPAL: In a tragic incident, four persons were killed in a collision between a container truck and a truck late on Thursday night. The incident took place near Parvalia police station on NH 12 when the heavy vehicles coming from the opposite directions collided head-on.The collision was so intense that the chassis of both vehicles got entangled into each other in a way that police had to use JCB machine and gas cutters to extricate the bodies of the deceased. It also led to a huge traffic jam in the area and police had to divert traffic on the route.The police said a container with registration HR38-P-3655 that was heading towards Narsingarh side collided with truck- MP04-GA-4878 that was coming to Bhopal after unloading cement.All the four deceased, identified as Nand Kishore, 25, a resident of Khajuri, Rakesh, 20, of Ganj Basoda, Govind Singh, 20, of Raisen district and Lal Singh Lodhi, 24, of Raslakhedi on Vidisha road here were on the truck.The first three died on the spot while Lodhi succumbed to injuries in the hospital. Police said accident took place while one of the speeding vehicles tried to overtake a vehicle and came in the way of the vehicle coming from the opposite direction.The one who was driving the heavy vehicle has been identified as Sanjay. He and the cleaner had also sustained injuries in the mishap, the police added.The cement-truck was completely damaged in the incident.The police have seized the container and also arrested its driver Sanjay. Post-mortem of the deceased were carried out on Friday and further investigation remains underway in the incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346954", "title": "HC dismisses amendment plea of Neena Verma", "text": "INDORE: Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court on Friday dismissed the petition of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Neena Verma, who challenged the eligibility of Congress leader Balmukund Gautam who lost the election by a margin of a single vote- that too after recounting. The high court had earlier declared the election of Neena Verma as void.Neena, who is the wife of senior BJP leader and former Union minister Vikram Verma , had filed an amendment petition on Wednesday to her earlier reclamation petition alleging that Balmukund Gautam suppressed facts about cases pending against him in the papers% filed before the electoral officer.Now the court will hear the case on November 29 and decide whether Balmukund Gautam should be declared winner or not.Abhinav Dhanodkar, lawyer of Gautam, said that the court has dismissed the amendment petition of Neena Verma on Friday. it means no additional grounds will be added to the earlier petition of Verma.The high court on October 16 had declared election of BJP MLA from Dhar assembly constituency as void on the ground of non-compliance of the provisions of the conduct of election rule of RP Act 1951. Gautam had lost assembly election in Dhar in 2008 by just one vote after recounting. It was challenged by Gautam in court under section 107 of RP Act.Verma had approached the Supreme Court where a week back she got a relief that till the declaration of final result she can sit in the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342773", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal dismisses Lokpal report as 'whitewash'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejecting the recommendations of the select committee on Lokpal, activist Arvind Kejriwal on Friday said the report was a \"whitewash\".\"Select committee's report on Lokpal is a whitewash. Lokpal remains a post office. It won't have power to investigate...CBI remains with government. Without CBI's independence, this Lokpal is like a dead body without life,\" Kejriwal said.The report has been criticized by civil society activists as well. MKSS' Aruna Roy said if the report was accepted and institutions that receive public funding were excluded from its purview, the Lokpal will be a \"crippled\" Act.\"Government is in a privatizing spree... it is entering into public private partnerships but excluding them from the ambit of the Act. Such an Act will be a crippled Act and we will oppose it,\" Roy said.NCPRI's Anjali Bharadwaj said it was a cause of extreme concern if the Lokpal bill was delinked from Lokayuktas. \"We feel that states should be brought under the ambit of the Lokayuktas just as was done under the RTI Act. It is also a big problem that CBI continues to be under the government's control. We had suggested that at least appointments and transfers of group A and B officers should be kept independent and we will fight to strengthen the bill,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342953", "title": "Kalbadevi robbery: Cops release sketches of duo", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have launched a manhunt for three persons, including the taxi driver who at knife-point, robbed the 33-year-old housewife in Kalbadevi in south Mumbai on Wednesday.Based on victim Nikki Shah's description, cops have prepared sketches of two suspects. Cops are scanning through the CCTV footage of the Metro junction, hoping to get some clues. They are also going through the pictures of history-sheeters who use similar modus operandi.Meanwhile, the police found Nikki's empty bag near Maheshwari Udyan in Matunga on Friday. Now, they are using the services of sniffer dogs to get some clues on the suspects. The L T Marg police are also taking help of taxi unions to identify the suspects from the sketches.Nikki, a resident of V P Road, had gone to Bank of India's Kalbadevi branch to collect her gold ornaments from her locker. She engaged a taxi and headed towards her house. Her taxi was near Metro theatre when two persons on barged into it. She said before she could understand what was happening, one of them put a handkerchief on her nose probably containing chloroform after which she lost consciousness. The accused allegedly threw her out near Maheshwari Udyan and fled with the bag containing gold ornaments.However, the police are finding it difficult to believe that the two robbers entered the taxi in broad daylight near the busy Metro junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17344410", "title": "Corporation's drinking water supply scheme stalled by red tape", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation's strategy to ensure the drinking water supply scheme does not get crippled by scanty rainfall, is yet to take off, stalled by red tape. The civic body had planned to interlink the main reservoirs at Ramakrishnapuram and Bharathipark so that water from Pillur reservoir could be diverted to the municipal wards where residents rely on Siruvani water and endure extreme water shortage during summer months.\"We have already sent a proposal to the state government to interlink the two main overhead water reservoirs to ensure that water could be diverted from Pillur to Siruvani areas during summer months. We are awaiting the approval from the government to proceed further,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore municipal corporation.A few months ago, the corporation was looking at alternatives to minimise the overdependence of Coimbatore city on Siruvani reservoir for drinking water supply. The prime reason was that water supply to the city was crippled as a result of annual variations in the catchment areas of Siruvani reservoir in Kerala. A resolution was passed in the city council meeting in this regard on August 16, whereby it was decided to interlink the main reservoirs at Ramakrishnapuram and Bharathipark to tide over the drinking water crisis in the city.\"We had prepared a project report of the proposal and forwarded it to the municipal administration department for its clearance. We had also sought financial support in executing the project,\" said a senior corporation official.As per the estimate of the corporation, the pipeline will extend for 12.5 km and the total cost of execution will be around Rs 15 crore. Even as the corporation is gearing up for the trial run of the long delayed Pillur II project in the first week of December to operate it at its full capacity of 125 mld. At the moment the corporation is drawing only 30 mld from Pillur II scheme, a major project executed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347055", "title": "Placement camp held", "text": "KANPUR: Beginning its placement drive for this season, Dr Ambedkar Institute of Technology for Handicapped (AITH) established by the Government of Uttar Pradesh held a placement camp for students on Wednesday.The recruiter on the day was the Indian Army whose officials interviewed students and screened them for Service Selection Board. Students from various engineering colleges including AITH, Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute, as well as private colleges and institutes based in Unnao and Etawah participated in the recruitment drive.Dwijendra Kumar Mishra, Training and Placement Officer, AITH told TOI that the Indian Army campus recruitment drive for pre-final year engineering students was held at the institute campus on Wednesday. \"An eight member team comprising of senior officials of the Indian Army under the leadership of Colonel Rajgopal visited the institute. About 500 students from Kanpur participated in the camp,\" said the placement officer.It is important to mention here that the selection of students for SSB was conducted through group discussions and personal interviews. The final result is expected by the last week of November. Gaurav Chandra, director of the institute thanked the Indian Army officials and other reputed companies like Aditya Birla, Godrej, HCL will soon visit the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342127", "title": "FIR against corporator", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Friday directed that an FIR be lodged against corporator A Patil for furnishing false information in his election petition.Patil had claimed that he had submitted his caste certificate while filing nomination papers for the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation mayoral polls. The court was shown a video of Patil's filing of papers which apparently did not show him attaching any certificate with his nomination. The court dismissed the petition and asked cops to take action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343482", "title": "SC: Why did HC quash FIR against Vasundhara Raje?", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Rajasthan high court and the state government why an FIR against former chief minister Vasundhara Raje and her son Dushyant Singh in an alleged land-grabbing case was quashed.In December 2011, a local court in Jaipur had directed the police to lodge an FIR against Raje on charges of misusing her chair for illegal allotment of government land to her son Dushyant in Dholpur during 2005-06 when she was the CM. A few days later, the Rajasthan HC pulled up the magistrate for ordering an FIR that virtually named three high court judges as co-conspirators in the alleged conspiracy and in September this year, the FIR was quashed.On Friday, a division bench of the Supreme Court issued show-cause notices to Rajasthan HC and the state government on special leave petitions (SLP) filed against the HC order quashing the FIR. The notices have been issued on an SLP filed by one Srijina Shreshta and another by a division bench comprising Chief Justice Altmas Kabir, Justice S S Nijhar and Justice J Chelameshwar.Back in December 2011, the Ashok Nagar police station had registered an FIR against Raje and her son Dushyant following the orders passed by city metropolitan magistrate No. 11 Mrs Ravi Bala Singh Choudhary, on a complaint filed by a lawyer Srijina Shreshta and a journalist Babulal from Sikar.Government didn't oppose tenancy rightsIt was alleged in the complaint that government did not oppose tenancy rights granted on pasture land by a revenue court to Dushyant and owing to the influence of Raje, the then principal secretary law (who later became an HC judge) took a decision to not appeal against the order of the revenue court.He thereby conspired with Raje and her son to help them amass huge property at Dholpur, the complaint said.With FIR virtually naming three HC judges as co-conspirators \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Justice Guman Singh (rtd), Justice Mahesh Bhagwati (rtd) and Justice Sajjan Singh Kothari (rtd) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a single judge HC bench of Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma stayed the FIR, saying: \"Since a prior permission of chief justice is required for investigating HC judges, this court deems it appropriate to stay any police investigation by CID (CB) or by local police against the three high court court judges\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344271", "title": "Youth gets 5 years in jail for abetting girlfriend's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Ad hoc additional sessions judge Rajeev Pande on Friday completed a speedy trial and sentenced a youngster to rigorous imprisonment for five years and additional six months in case of default in paying a fine of Rs 2,000 holding him guilty of abetting the suicide of an 18-year-old girl in October last year.\"I am of the view that the offence is of serious nature,\" the judge observed. He also mentioned that the girls' suicide at Manish Nagar ended up inflicting loss to the family of the victim. This is the first case of a youngster being convicted for abetting girlfriend's suicide. Wrushin Wasnik, convicted under Section 306 of the IPC, was nailed with the help of information technology which exposed his harassment through continuous messaging and calls on mobile phone of Std XII student who ended her life unable to cope with the mischief. A raunchy video clip was also mentioned several times in the trial as having been used to blackmail the girl.The judge, however, did not give maximum punishment of 10 years looking at the age of the culprit and other circumstances. Additional public prosecutor Ravindra Bhoyar, who examined nine witnesses, said that his argument hinged on the fact that letting off the youngster may send a wrong message to the society.Prerna (name changed) had jumped to her death from the first floor room. Her body, with a glove in the mouth, was found lying on the ground when the family woke up in the morning. The bloodstains in the room and verandah apart from the injuries on the wrist, from where Prerna had jumped, indicated she had made a failed bid to end life by slitting her veins before taking the decision to jump.The girl left behind a suicide note but she did not specify reason of her act. She had merely apologized for the step. The defence had raised the issue of the suicide note repeatedly pointing at the fact that the girl did not mention the name of the accused or any stress caused by him. The prosecution, depending on the numerous messages, hinged its argument on such evidence to prove that those texts and calls on Prerna's cellphone, indicated how the girl was driven to take the step by Wasnik. The recovery of the clip and content of the texts played a critical part in the case.APP Bhoyar said the prosecution's case was helped by deposition of two of the girl's friends whose revelation stated that Wasnik had a relation with her and she was left perturbed by him. \"The investigating agency was assisted by an American expert in recovering some crucial data from the mobile phone which supported the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17343945", "title": "Muzaffarpur Institute of Technology student's body found hanging", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: A fourth-year mechanical engineering student of Muzaffarpur Institute of Technology (MIT), Ranjit Kumar, was found hanging in his room No. 24 in Hostel No 3 of the college on Friday afternoon. His muffler was tied to his neck, which was hanging from the room's ceiling fan.The police were suspecting some foul play and did not confirm it as a clear case of suicide because of the deliberate delay in handing over of the body to the police. Without informing the police, some students of the hostel first carried him to a private nursing home at Bairiya and then to Shri Krishna Medical College Hospital (SKMCH) in a bid to save him.The Bramhapura police have registered a case of unnatural death of Ranjit and have taken finger prints from his room to identify who had entered his room before or after the hanging of the boy. Said to be a brilliant boy of the college, Ranjit belonged to Vena village under Nalanda district. His family members have been informed about his death, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hooghly", "code": "17344632", "title": "CM shifts meet to Singur as minister sulks", "text": "HOOGHLY: No one had ever imagined an unassuming 79-year-old teacher could say no to Mamata Banerjee. But, minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya did just that when the chief minister called him up on Thursday and asked him to attend office, fuelling speculation that he had already resigned.But if Bhattacharya wouldn't come to Kolkata, the CM could go to Singur. Worried that the minister's defiance might queer the pitch for her party in Singur ahead of the panchayat polls, Mamata decided to shift her November 30 administrative meeting from Chinsura to Singur.There was a flurry of activity in the Singur BDO's office on Friday. The walls were being given a fresh coat of paint. \"All 18 BDOs from the district have been asked to attend the November 30 meeting,\" said Hooghly district magistrate Manmit Nanda. A host of departmental secretaries, MLAs and MPs are to accompany the CM. It is to be seen if Bhattacharya attends the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400783", "title": "Seven naxals arrested in Kanker", "text": "RAIPUR: Security forces have arrested seven Maoists, including three hardcore naxalites, early Friday morning from the forests of Malmeta and Mahurpat in Kanker district of Chhattisgarh.District superintendent of police Rahul Bhagat said a team of Border Security Force (BSF), accompanied by the state police, combed the forest ranges following a tip off that naxalites were camping in the area and they could unleash violence.The rebels tried to escape but the security forces rounded them up. All the arrested rebels were wanted in connection with serious offences related to naxalite violence in the area. Bhagat said adding that all of them were produced before court, which remanded them to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17343536", "title": "Margao's door-to-door waste collection to be taken up in phases", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao municipal council (MMC) has decided to undertake door-to-door collection of garbage from the town in a phased manner.This was decided at a meeting of the MMC's standing committee on sanitation held on Friday.As per the plan worked out by the sanitary department of the MMC, the city has been divided into five belts for the purpose of door-to-door waste collection. For starters, the Comba-Maddel-Mungul belt has been identified for phase-I and the exercise is likely to kickstart by the beginning of the new calendar year.The exercise will be undertaken in association with Fomento, the concessionaire of the project.\"We have designed the system as an integral part of the functioning of the solid waste management project. The first phase of the door-to-door waste collection exercise will not exert any financial pressure on the MMC. While the MMC will provide 20 sanitary workers, three vehicles and three drivers for the task, Fomento has agreed to make available supervisory staff and set up a helpline desk for smooth functioning of the system. The enforcement and managerial tasks will be looked after by Fomento,\" Kothwale said.Sanitary inspector of the MMC, Viraj Arabekar, said that apart from door-to-door collection of waste, the proposed system also envisages tasks like street sweeping, removal of debris, grass cutting, etc and overall maintenance of cleanliness. The MMC has decided to levy garbage collection, handling and disposal fees on all commercial units in the city. For that purpose, the commercial establishments have been divided into 15 categories, sources informed TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17344461", "title": "Son abandons 80-year-old at railway station", "text": "HOWRAH: GRP officials rescued an 80-year-old woman, allegedly abandoned by her son three days back, from the Santragachhi railway station on Friday. The starving woman, who fell ill at the railway station, was taken to Santragachhi Rail Hospital.Rama Sinha, a resident of Ashoknagar in Habra, told the GRP personnel that her son, Sukumar, had promised her a pilgrimage and brought her to the station. Before she knew what was happening, her son left the station, abandoning his frail mother who was too weak to move about on her own.Sinha had been lying on the station platform since, braving the cold and with no food or water. She started calling out to other commuters as she realized that her son had left her. She asked for food and shelter, but no one volunteered to help, said the GRP officials.Finally, a college student, Debarati Basu, and her friends brought the matter to the GRP's notice and officials came to Sinha's rescue. The woman's condition improved in the hospital. Sinha told police that she has two sons and five daughters. \"She said there was tension at home and one of her sons decided to take her to a pilgrimage to avoid the situation,\" said a GRP official.\"Sinha believed her son blindly and came with him to Santragachhi all the way from Ashoknagar. It took her a while to realize that her son had left her in the station and wasn't coming back,\" added the official.An 80-year-old woman was abandoned by her son at Santragachhi railway station for the last three days. The starving woman, who fell ill at the railway station, was rescued by the GRP and taken to Santragachhi rail hospital on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17343673", "title": "No question of freeing terrorists, says Shivpal", "text": "VARANASI: \"There is no question of freeing terrorists or withdrawing cases against them,\" said the PWD minister Shivpal Yadav when asked about the directive of the Allahabad High Court.The Allahabad High Court on Thursday asked the state government to seek instructions and inform it about the withdrawal of cases against the accused involved in bomb blasts at Varanasi's Sankat Mochan temple, Cantt railway station and other places. Yadav was here on Friday to meet the ailing socialist leader Ramkaran Dada. In a brief chat with reporters, he said he had no idea about letters regarding the withdrawal of cases against the accused of terror blasts. The intention of the government is clear and no guilty elements would be spared, he said.Regarding the pathetic condition of roads, he said there would be no dearth of funds for the roads. He said the foundation stone of five flyovers in the city would be laid by December 15. Besides, the government has also sought an estimate for the development and beautification of four ghats, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344506", "title": "Trident probe holds back civic auditor", "text": "KOLKATA: Municipal auditor Biplab Guha Roy is caught in a bind. A state finance department employee, Guha Roy can't take up his new assignment as the treasury officer of Kandi in Murshidabad. He has been asked by municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed to stay put at the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) headquarters, because Guha Roy is the officer to have initiated an inquiry into the trident light controversy. Guha Roy has no clue when he will be formally released.The auditor had engaged a city-based chartered firm to inquire into the alleged irregularities on installation of trident lights. The inquiry started on November 1 and the firm has been asked to wind up the investigation within a month. Meanwhile, the municipal auditor got his transfer order, for which he had applied a couple of months ago, okayed by the state finance department. Guha Roy has been sent to Kandi subdivision of Murshidabad district as treasury officer.Guha Roy said that since an audit inquiry was on and the municipal commissioner had requested him to continue office till the probe ended, he was coming to office regularly and would do so till the inquiry results came out. \"I ordered an inquiry into the trident light controversy. The inquiry is on and will take some more time to be completed. Though the deadline for the inquiry has been fixed on November 30, the firm engaged in the probe may take some more time. I won't join the new office till the result of the inquiry comes out,\" Guha Roy said.Though the final report of the internal audit on trident lights is yet to come, sources in the KMC said preliminary reports suggest that some of the corporation's rules had been grossly flouted right from the beginning, from awarding of tenders to fixing of prices for trident poles and light fittings.\"It is difficult for a section of civic officials to escape the noose as was indicated in a preliminary inquiry report prepared by a chartered accountancy firm engaged on behalf of the internal auditor of the KMC,\" said a civic official. Apart from the internal audit inquiry, results of a departmental inquiry are also awaited. \"We have no clue what has happened to the departmental probe,\" said a KMC official.However, the opposition Left Front and Congress councillors have been raising heat over inaction of the top civic brass on this issue. More than 100 youths under the leadership of Congress councillor Prakash Upadhyay and Pradesh Congress general secretary Amitava Chakraborty clashed with police and broke a police barricade in their attempts to reach the mayor's office. Later, they burnt the mayor's effigy before courting arrest. Both Upadhyay and Chakraborty demanded a CBI inquiry into the trident light 'scam'.\"The mayor can't deny his role in the scam. That is why he has been dragging his feet and all demands for a CBI inquiry have fallen on deaf ears,\" Upadhyay alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17344069", "title": "Cops clueless on abduction of Kololamba fraud case accused", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The special investigation team probing the abduction of the prime accused of the controversial Kololamba finance fraud case at Changaramkulam is still clueless about the missing person and the abductors.It was on Tuesday early morning that the prime accused of the case, Sakeer Hussain of Kozhikara, was allegedly abducted by a group of unidentified persons at Mookuthala near Changaramkulam. According to the complaint lodged by Iqbal, Sakeer's relative, Sakeer and his friend were returning from Puthanpalli to Changaramkulam when a gang of eight blocked their car at Madathilapadam near Changaramkulam and abducted Sakeer.A special investigation team led by the DSP of Tirur P Saleem was constituted the next day itself to probe into the incident. CI of Ponnani P Abdul Muneer, and SI of Changaramkulam Basheer Chirakkal are the other officials in the team.Police have intensified the probe with the help of its cyber cell. Though the team recorded the statements of the locals at Madathilpadam on Wednesday, they did not manage to get any clue. DSP said search is on for Sakeer and the details of calls to and from his mobile number would be examined.The Kololamba investment fraud came to light in 2010, after a group of NRI investors came up with a complaint against four persons, including Sakeer, all of them hailing from Kololamba village near Edappal. The total amount of money involved in the scam was more than Rs 10 crore. Later, the police had arrested all the four, but they managed to get bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347208", "title": "Hollywood baddie for Jeyam Ravi", "text": "Boologam is an upcoming Tamil action movie directed by N. Kalyanakrishnan starring Jayam Ravi and Trisha Krishnan in the lead roles. The film is about a boxer and Jeyam Ravi will be seen packing a punch against Nathan Jones, of Troy fame in the flick.Nathan Jones is an Australian actor, powerlifting champion, strongman, and retired professional wrestler. Jayam Ravi tweeted \"Nathan Jones confirmed for # boologham Totally lukin fwd.\"A giant and expensive set for the boxing sequence is being set up by producer Aascar Ravichandran for the film to shoot the climax portions at the Binny Mills.This would be the second time Jeyam Ravi would take on a Hollywood hunk after fighting Hollywood villains in a jungle fight in Peraanmai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17346015", "title": "Ajmal slams state govt, Centre on land swap deal", "text": "GUWAHATI: All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) president and perfume baron Maulana Badruddin Ajmal once again slammed the Centre and the state government on the proposed Indo-Bangladesh land swap deal on Friday and said that the government must not give away a single inch of Assam's land to Bangladesh.The proposed Constitution Amendment Bill for implementation of the Indo-Bangladesh Land Boundary Agreement, 1974 and its 2011 Protocol was listed for clearance during the ongoing winter session of the Parliament.\"Neither the Centre nor the Gogoi government has taken all political parties and the people of the state into confidence regarding the land swap deal. How can they give away our land to Bangladesh without a consensus? We will not allow this to happen. The AIUDF has been opposing this and will continue to do so,\" said Ajmal.As per the proposed deal, lower Assam's Thakurani-Bari-Kalabari (Boroibari) area (193.85 acres) in Dhubri sector is supposed to be transferred to Bangladesh while 74.54 acres in Pallathal (Maulavi Bazar-Karimganj) is identified to be given to the neighbouring country as well.\"Gogoi has even failed to protect our land from encroachment by our neighbouring states. And now he is willing to give away such huge chunks of land to Bangaldesh without people's consent. We will go for any form of agitation to oppose it,\" he added.On the other hand, the Muslim leader also requested governor J B Patnaik to intervene in the rehabilitation process in the disturbed Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) area.\"The government has stopped distributing relief material in the BTC area saying that the camp inmates have been relocated. But, in reality, many among them are yet to go back to their homes in fear. These people are residing in makeshift camps outside their villages without food and clothes,\" he said.Backing the governor's move in seizing illegal arms in the BTC area, Ajmal also criticized chief minister Tarun Gogoi for his delayed initiative towards this.\"The Union home department too agreed to the fact that there is a large number of arms in the BTC area. However, the state government is proceeding at a slow pace in seizing these legal and illegal arms. Innocent people were killed with these arms only because of the state government's reluctance to seize them. The AIUDF believes the governor can contain the situation in a better way,\" Ajmal said.Earlier, on Thursday, Patnaik asked the DGP of Assam Police to run a house to house search to seize illegal arms in BTC area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342464", "title": "Man electrocuted after falling in pool", "text": "NOIDA: The director of a waterproofing company was electrocuted to death on Friday morning when he slipped and fell into a swimming pool that had high-voltage current flowing through a live wire. Another employee was injured in the incident.The swimming pool has been built on the roof of a leading architecture consultancy company Archohm and the deceased, identified as Neeraj Garg, director of Nivedita Chemcon Pvt Ltd dealing in waterproofing and chemicals, had gone there to look into a complaint of water leakage. Garg's assistant alleged that the victim remained in the pool for over five minutes as the company delayed turning off power, which led to his death.Police have registered an FIR under Section 304A of the IPC against Saurabh Gupta (architect and managing director), SP Gupta ( engineer and director) and Shiv Dutt Sharma of Archohm.Cops said the incident occurred around 11.15am. \"The architecture company had complained of water seeping in from the swimming pool to the second floor and structures below. Garg had been called in to inspect the complaint. While he was checking, he slipped and came in contact with the water in the swimming pool and was electrocuted. He was taken to the hospital, but was declared brought dead,\" said SSP Praveen Kumar.Garg's employee, Sudhir Singh had accompanied him and sustained injuries while trying to rescue his employer. At the time of the incident Archohm's employee Shiv Dutt was also present at the spot.\"We are yet to ascertain the exact reason for the electricity running through the water. When Garg came in contact with the water, he began writhing in pain. Even though people wanted to help, they were afraid that they would get a shock too. When the convulsions stopped, he was rushed to hospital,\" Kumar added.The SSP said that senior management officials of Archohm are absconding after the incident. The deceased's family was furious at the incident. \"We will fight till we get justice. Archohm has been negligent and the management cannot evade from responsibility,\" said Nikhil Jain, Garg's nephew.Meanwhile, questions are being raised about how a swimming pool was developed in an industrial sector in Noida. Noida Authority has initiated a probe into the matter. Noida Authority OSD Manoj Rai said, \"We do not allow swimming pool in industrial sectors. I have ordered a probe to find the grounds on which the architecture company had built the swimming pool.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343889", "title": "Railways gears up for foggy weather challenge", "text": "LUCKNOW: With winter setting in, railways has begun bracing for a tough season ahead which is marked by inordinate delay in running of trains due to dense fog and agonising wait for passengers at the stations.Anticipating that fog will begun by November end, railways has sent advisories to all the zones to keep safety on the top priority during dense fog. As visibility reduces by several metres during thick fog, trains run at a lower speed.\"The directions will be implemented the day dense fog is noticed,\" said senior DCM, Lucknow, Northern Railway, Ashwini Srivastava. To indicate fog, a vision test object (VTO) would be set up at the station, at least 180 metres from the starter signal of the station. If the station superintendent is unable to see the VTO clearly from the station, fog would be declared and advisories put in place. A VTO could be any fixed structure at a station.Despite fog severely affecting movement of trains every winter in Northern India, railways still lacks technology to reduce its impact. Trains passing through stations along the rivers and hilly areas are worst-hit due to fog. Passengers have no option but to bear with delayed running of trains. Some trains run almost 24 hours behind schedule during winter.Since passengers safety is the prime concern, reducing speed of trains is the best option available for railways. The same will be used this year.The drivers runs trains as per a signal. In normal weather, they can see a signal clearly at a distance of 300 metres but during fog visibility reduces manifold, from 10 to 20 metres. Since a driver cannot see a signal from a normal distance, the speed of trains is reduced from normal 100 kmph to 60 kmph. While the speed cannot exceed 60 kmph limit during fog, it can be reduced to as low as 15 kmph for safety purpose, depending on the density of fog.Apart from issuing advisories, railways, as a precautionary measure, also cancels some trains running on the routes which witness dense fog. This year too railways has approved full or partial cancellation of at least 14 pair of trains. There will be no bookings for these trains during the likely fog period, i.e, from January 1 to February 17.Railways has announced the cancellation in advance so that passengers can plan their alternative journeys accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344749", "title": "Another twist in the Chiran tale", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chiran Palace located in the scenic KBR National Park in Jubilee Hills is at the centre of a hugely publicised legal tangle between Prince Mukarram Jah and his third divorced former wife Manolya Onur.Mukarram Jah married Manolya, a former Miss Turkey, in 1990 and divorced her about four years later. The couple have a daughter, Niloufer, who is now 21 years old. Manolya, who is currently in Hyderabad along with her daughter, claims that Jah had bequeathed Chiran Palace to Niloufer, a claim which he denies. Manolya took the matter to the family court which said that the document she submitted was merely a statement of intention and not a gift or will. Therefore, the palace cannot be given to her. She has challenged the family court's decision in the high court. According to sources, in the meantime, the legal representatives of Jah created four separate trusts for as many palaces of the Nizam, including the Chiran Palace. This, in other words, means that after his death Chiran Palace, like other palaces - Falaknuma, Chowmahalla and Nazri Bagh - would not be treated as the property left behind by him. That also means that the rights of ownership of the palaces would rest with the trusts and they cannot be distributed among his legal heirs. With this background in mind Manolya, according to sources close to her, would like to win the case during the lifetime of Jah, who is 79 and lives in Turkey with his eldest son Azmat Jah.Among all the palaces Chiran occupies a unique place. It was built on Sarf-e-Khaas or the Crown Lands spreading over 400 acres. The government of AP first disputed its ownership but later changed its stance and gave it to the Prince through a GO in the 1960s. The GO mistakenly said the land was 300 acres and not 400 acres as was the actual extent. But the government refused to carry out the correction and took away 100 acres from his possession. Later the 300 acres was brought under the ambit of Urban Land Ceiling Act taking away 294 acres from Jah. This left only six acres with him.The government realizing the importance of the shrub forest on this prime property decided to save it from land sharksand keep the city lung space healthy. It declared Chiran Palace a national park in 1998 and named it after former CM the late Kasu Brahmanand Reddy.The KBR National Park has a separate gate for the Chiran Palace.The palace complex has a total of 17 properties including Chiran Palace dotting different parts of the park. Chiran Palace does not fit the description of a traditional palace.It is more a robust country house. The other properties include Mor bungalow, Gol bungalow, stables for cattle and other animals, garage, workshops and a defunct petrol pump.Sources said that the palace complex in its present form would have little real state value since the National Park rules would not allow any new development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346756", "title": "Rihanna takes out time for Brown's gig", "text": "Even though singer Rihanna was busy with her 777 tour, she managed to attend ex-boyfriend Chris Brown's performance.The singer was promoting her latest album \"Unapologetic\" and made sure she marked her presence during the performance and even partied with him after the show.\"Rihanna was there for Chris's show and tried to keep a low profile but they went clubbing afterwards to celebrate it going well,\" dailystar.co.uk. quoted a source as saying.Rihanna has denied any romantic link up with Brown. They dated each other for one year before ending their relationship in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344260", "title": "Cash transfer: PM to play UPA-2's trump card on Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister is expected to formally kick off cash transfer of subsidies and entitlements, one of the most ambitious policy initiatives of UPA-2, on Monday. The scheme for cash transfers is visualized as a game-changer for UPA-2, like NREGA was for UPA-1, and is expected to give rich dividends at the elections.Manmohan Singh is expected to set January 1, 2013 as the launch date for the rollout when he meets his ministerial colleagues on Monday. The plan to transfer cash directly into bank accounts of beneficiaries instead of handing over subsidised foodgrains, fertilizer or fuel is aimed to not only check leakages from the system, but also empower consumers with the choices and ensure big savings for the cash-strapped government.Compared to NREGA, the size and scale of the cash-transfer programme is several times the rural job guarantee scheme, with the government planning to transfer over Rs 4 lakh crore annually to the public, with each BPL (below poverty line) family getting over Rs 3,000 a month.Sources said the PM is also planning to address the nation on the scheme in the coming days, explaining the ambitious plan that would be bigger than similar programmes around the world. The government, which accords high importance to the scheme, proposes to appoint a national coordinator to oversee the programme. It will also ensure its rapid scalability.Singh on Monday will address a meeting of ministers in-charge of subsidies, pension and scholarships and there he will disclose the government intent to formally launch the programme on January 1. The programme would begin by covering 51 districts where the Aadhar card has a high penetration. By April 1 next year, 18 states will be covered.A senior official said the Planning Commission has identified seven flagship programmes, including pensions and 22 scholarship schemes given by nine central ministries, for cash transfers, excluding those related to subsidies on food, fertilizer and fuel.Ministries are being asked to digitize their databases of beneficiaries and link them with Aadhar, so that Aadhar-enabled bank accounts and Aadhar-enabled payment systems can function through what's being called the Aadhar Payment Bridge - essentially, a mechanism for giving cash cards to beneficiaries who don't have bank accounts.According to latest estimates provided by the Department of Financial Services , by March 31, 2012 all banks will migrate to the core banking platform which will facilitate direct cash transfers. The plan is to cover all villages with a population of more than 5,000 with branches, and those with population of more than 2,000 with business correspondents. Seven states have committed to make electronic payments.Times ViewThe government clearly believes that cash transfers can be a game-changer. In theory, they would indeed appear to be justified in this view. However, whether the practice lives up to the theory is what will ultimately determine how much of a game-changer this move is and whether the change is for the better or for worse. That is why it is important that the government acts as soon as possible to even out the more obvious glitches to smooth implementation of cash transfers, like a large proportion of the population having neither identification documents nor bank accounts. This is particularly true of the poorest sections, who really ought to be the main beneficiaries of the government's welfare programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344278", "title": "Stop Judging the Greedy", "text": "A twice-a-week series explores 'Greed, The City, And The Pursuit Of Happiness' , the central theme of this year's The Times of India Literary Carnival, December 7-9 , Mehboob StudiosIt is curious to note that when we speak of greedy people , we immediately have images of pot-bellied politicians and industrialists with bikiniclad babes by their side. Never a filmstar who keeps working and working and working and working, making crores for every day of work. Or a sportsperson who keeps playing and endorsing and playing and endorsing and endorsing and endorsing and still demanding tax exemptions for his gifts. No, the filmstar and sportsmen are just honest hardworking people who are exploiting no one: surely they cannot be classified as greedy.This is where the confusion starts. We confuse greed with exploitation and corruption . Greed is seeking more than you need. Exploitation and corruption are simply means to get what you seek. It is possible to be honest and upright and hardworking and diligent and pay your taxes on time and never exploit or abuse or be corrupt, and still be greedy. Very very greedy.Notice how every advertisement and every brand is hogged by just dozen or so superstars from Bollywood and cricket. Their combined income of these 12 people will be quite enough to feed several villages for several years. But we do not see this as greed, perhaps because some of them make programs about the poor and the dispossessed and the exploited, and often appear in charitable events, for a fee of course, to tell the world they should be socially responsible.As we become increasingly Westernized, we believe that rules and rationality will solve the problems. Hence we hold conferences on corporate responsibility and ethics and governance, hoping that the law will make the greedy (once we identify them) make sense. I am sure every Bollywood star and cricketer has not broken a single of these laws. They may run people down on the streets, they may kill endangered wild life, they may keep illegal weapons at home, they have alleged strange bedroom habits, but they remain ethical and lawabiding citizens in our eyes, and we are eager to forgive them. Why? Because they entertain us. Not the politicians , who seem to be making our lives miserable.The sages of India did not believe that any law or punishment can stop the greedy from being greedy. They saw it as a deeper emotional problem , as the following story reveals. It's a story we have all heard, but we rarely decode.Kubera, the king of Yakshas , pot-bellied treasurer of the gods once paid a visit to Kailas, the abode of Shiva, the hermit-god , where he met Shiva's elephant-headed son, the corpulent Ganesha. Kubera thought to himself, \"Ganesha clearly loves food and Shiva can clearly not afford to feed him to his heart's content.\" So as a favor to Shiva, Kubera offered to feed Ganesha one meal. When Ganesha accepted the invitation and entered Kubera's kitchen, the Yaksha-king said, \"Eat to your heart's content .\" Kubera regretted these words. Ganesha's appetite was insatiable. He ate everything that was in the kitchen and still asked for more. Food had to be bought from the larder and then from the market . But Ganesha was still hungry. \"More please,\" he said raising his trunk. Kubera had to spend all the money in his treasury and buy all the food in the world to feed Ganesha but still Ganesha was not happy. Finally , Kubera fell at Ganesha's feet and begged him to stop, \"I don't have enough food to satisfy your hunger. Forgive me.\"To this Ganesha said, \"You really think food will satisfy hunger! The difference between you and my father is that you seek to provide more food while he seeks to reduce hunger. That is why I sit in his house and not in your kitchen.\"The point here is not the humbling of Kubera by Ganesha , but the idea of Shiva, the idea of outgrowing hunger that liberates us from the desire to hoard. We cannot stop hoarding until we appreciate why we hoard? We hoard in fear. And fear is the most primal of human emotions. In fact, fear came to this world before death. It is the emotion that propels all animals to fight for their survival.Fear has been around for three billion years; humans have been around for less than a million. And with humans comes imagination: which means our fear is amplified by imagination. And that fear amplifies our hunger . We hoard and we hoard to protect us from future poverty . Remember how one Bollywood star keeps reminding us that he works like a maniac and continues to make zillions because once he experienced bankruptcy. He cannot get rid of that baggage ; thus he rationalizes greed and we all sob at his well-rehearsed story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344625", "title": "Shining vintage beauties catch everyone\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s fancy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh carnival comes with a trip down memory lane on the best cars and bikes made over the decades. The vintage beauties make you relive memories of lifetimes, from Bobby's bike to the legendary Yezdi. The Vintage and classic car club of Chandigarh has displayed the iconic motorcycle Rishi Kapoor used in the film, Bobby. \"The original name of the bike is Rajdoot but it became famous after Bobby was released. The yellow Rajdoot Enfield became a rage,\" recounted Tapesh N Sharma, owner of a 1947 Austin-10 and a member of the club. Two of his classic cars are on display.The oldest model of the Jawa bike and two Yezdis displayed for the first time grabbed eyeballs. Most parts of the bike were original. The 1928 model Ford car made scenes of the American dream flash before the eyes of a besotted audience. \"The car has been restored. Some of the parts are not original as they are not available in India and are not easily shipped from abroad,\" Sharma explained. But that did not rob the vintage car of its dignity.However, despite the tricity being home to almost 80 vintage and classic cars and bikes, only 17 cars and five bikes made it to the carnival this year. \"Many of our members are out of town and some are not feeling well. Besides, some cars are in the garage for repair,\" Captain Charanjeet Vohra, owner of a 1939 model Sunbeam Talbot and club member said.These cars will be on display at the art museum till Sunday evening. Cars on display include Mercedes, Austin-10, Beetle and Chevrolet . For owners of these vintage beauties, the vehicles are no less than the love of their lives. They treat them with the respect and affection due to a family member and it shows in the way the proud cars gleam. Elegant as ever, the years hardly show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344467", "title": "Biman sounds communal alarm", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee first raised this bogey. Left Front was quick to follow.While Mamata had warned of elements trying to foment communal schism in Bengal and attacked the Centre for its failure to contain the Assam strife, Left Front chairperson Biman Bose on Friday expressed concern saying, \"Fundamentalist elements - both Hindu and Muslim - are increasing. They are holding meetings in the districts.\"The Left, he said, will commemorate the 20th anniversary of the December 6 Babri Masjid demolition as a day of national unity, integration and communal harmony. \"We will hold a seminar in the Calcutta University Centenary Hall and urge party workers to take this message to districts.\"Trinamool Congress MP Sultan Ahmed , who oversees minority development in Bengal, said: \"Communal elements were always there. It depends on the party and the government to deal with it. And Mamata Banerjee knows how to do it. She has led by example. She doesn't have to take lessons from Biman Bose.\"Ahmed, however, admitted that with the Assam strife unabated, Bengal is feeling its precipitate fallouts. \"The Congress government in Assam is trying to outdo Narendra Modi's Gujarat. This is total failure of the Manmohan Singh government,\" he said. More so because the Prime Minister is a Rajya Sabha member from that state,\" he said from New Delhi. It isn't without reason that the Trinamool MPs demonstrated outside the Parliament on Friday.Maulana Quari Fazlur Rehman, who leads the Red Road namaz on Eid, said: \"Such elements are indeed increasing in some pockets. That's because the CM is trying to do something for Muslims. Some vested interests are trying to give this a communal overtone saying she is only concerned about the minorities. This is wrong, for she is trying to undo years of neglect by the Left government. But people at large are not affected and neither will they tolerate this. A few others are trying to exploit the Assam issue.\"Maulana Mohammad Safique of Nakhoda Mosque said: \"Bengal has never tolerated these elements and neither will it in future. The government also needs to act fast and tough against such elements.\"Former Presidency College principal and political science teacher Amal Mukhopadhyay feels the break up between the Trinamool and Congress was providing oxygen to all fringe political players in Bengal. And an unexpected political gainer in this has been BJP's silent but steady rise in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17343583", "title": "Modi seeks sole use of 3D till 2014!", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342349", "title": "Distillery fire: Company didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t have proper safety mechanism", "text": "CHENNAI: The private distillery and beverages unit in Valasaravakkam where a major fire broke out on Thursday night did not have a proper fire safety mechanism to handle accidents of such magnitude, fire and rescue services sources have said.According to the sources, though the distillery was located on a huge campus, there were not many fire extinguishers or fire alarms. There were only a few small fire extinguishers. \"Had bigger fire extinguishers been in place the fire would not have spread and the damage could have been minimised,\" said a fire officer.The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. \"Though the workers claimed that four minor fire accidents had taken place at the unit, the authorities had failed to react,\" he said.All such fire accidents are serious and the blaze can spread rapidly compared to others and cause a lot of damage, the sources said. The fire should be put off as early as possible, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345931", "title": "Cong corporators create ruckus, demand debate on tank collapse", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress corporators created ruckus during the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) council meet on Friday demanding a debate on the issue of collapse of overhead water tank at Sai Baba Nagar on November 18 mid night.The Congress members in the council also raised the issue of demolition of Anand Nagar water tank, without taking adequate precautions, in which more than 15 people were injured on Thursday.A detailed discussion on both the incidents will be held in the council meet on Saturday, announced council chairperson Kailash Mishra, who himself was injured in the demolition.Congress alleged that none of the BJP corporators except the mayor was present during the razing of the overhead water tank at Anand Nagar. \"It was the careless and irresponsible attitude of BMC officials that left over a dozen residents and media persons injured while blasting the overhead water tank,\" Azzizuddin, a Congress corporator alleged.Subsequently, BJP corporators also alleged that the Congress was playing politics over the dead and said that the party's corporators were violating the rules of the BMC council by discussing the issue which was not mentioned on the agenda.\"Safety rules were not followed while demolishing the dilapidated water tank at Anand Nagar, which left several injured,\" Rehan Golden retorted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346507", "title": "Fun at Vidyasagar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new film muhurat", "text": "The team of Vidyasagar's new film got together recently to celebrate the movie's muhurat. The event kick-started with Rockline Venkatesh sounding the clapboard, after which the cast and crew got together to chat about their latest venture.We spotted actors Anish and Sindhu Loknath at this do, as well as Lakshmi Gowda and Kumdha. National Award winner Priya Mani also made an appearance at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17342253", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Hyderabad look to salvage pride against Mumbai", "text": "HYDERABAD: The big names are missing for different reasons and a new-look Hyderabad team will look to salvage what they can of a Ranji season -- fast hurtling into tailspin -- in the fourth round match against Mumbai.VVS Laxman continues to nurse his injured back at the NCA. The backbone of Hyderabad batting will be missed for the second straight game; his century against Madhya Pradesh the only redeeming factor in what has been an indifferent season for the hosts languishing at the bottom of Group A with two points.That Hyderabad have lasted only 477.3 overs in six innings is a reflection of their batting ineptitude, which resulted in an innings defeat to Punjab and conceding lead to Madhya Pradesh and Saurashtra.Still, Hyderabad's coach Sunil Joshi sounded positive ahead of the match at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium beginning Saturday. \"There have been changes for this game and the youngsters are excited to play against Mumbai. They've made it on merit, performance is all that matters,\" he said.Skipper DB Ravi Teja (104 runs from six innings), N Arjun Yadav (86 from five) and stumper Ibrahim Khaleel have been left out of the squad that bagged a point against Saurashtra here. Wicketkeeper-bat K Sumanth has made his way into the team on the back of two impressive performances -- 202 &amp; 185 for Hyderabad A in the Col CK Nayudu Trophy group games.Contrast this with Mumbai. With six points from two games, they share the second spot in the group with Saurashtra -- Bengal have six from three matches. It was of little consequence whether they were put in by Railways or chose to field first against Rajasthan, as the small matter of batting big on both occasions -- 341.2 overs in two innings -- served their cause well. Abhishek Nayar has two centuries under his belt, Kaustubh Pawar, Aditya Tare, Hiken Shah and skipper Rohit Sharma have all come good.The Teams (likely)Mumbai: Rohit Sharma (captain), Ramesh Powar, Aditya Tare, Suryakumar Yadav, Avishkar Salvi, Kaustubh Pawar, Abhishek Nayar, Praful Waghela, Hiken Shah, Kshemal Waingankar, Shardul Thakur, Ankit Chavan, Shoaib Shaikh, Javeed Khan.Hyderabad: P A Reddy (captain), K Sumanth, GH Vihari, B Sandeep, A Quadri, A Reddy, P K Naidu, MA Khader, L Mohan, M Ravi Kiran, A Bhandari, Abhinav Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17343447", "title": "Virdi youth's body found at waterfall", "text": "KERI: The body of Fati Majik, 22, who drowned on November 18 at the Vazra Sakhala waterfalls near Virdi, Maharashtra, floated to the surface on Friday morning and was retrieved by personnel from the Indian Navy.A search for the body was conducted over the last six days by police from Maharashtra, fire personnel from Bicholim and Ponda and also by youth from Virdi, but to no avail. Fire officials had also used an underwater camera for the purpose.On Friday, a group of divers under commander T N Saikumar arrived at Vazra Sakhala waterfalls and to their surprise, found the body of Fati floating on the water which was then retrieved and taken to Virdi by villagers.Though, it is very risky to bathe at the waterfall as the area is full of boulders, this does not deter youth from Goa and Maharashtra who frequent the place and make merry.On November 18, Fati and his friends had gone to Vazra Sakhala to bathe in the waterfall. He suffered injuries to his head and drowned.After the postmortem was conducted, Fati's body was handed over to his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344091", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation issues notice to Auto DCR agency", "text": "NAGPUR: Vansh Nimay group, which had to unceremoniously exit from Starbus service, is in trouble once again with Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) issuing a notice to it for violating tender conditions in Auto development control rules (DCR) contract. This is a software that checks whether the building plan prepared by the architect meets NMC's town planning norms.Sources in NMC's town planning department said that Vansh Nimay was awarded the Auto DCR contract in April 2009. \"It was asked to provide Auto DCR software to the applicants who came to the town planning office. Along with that the agency was also supposed to install management information system (MIS) so that the top officials would know about the pending files and the concerned person. However, it did not install MIS,\" a town planning official revealed.\"When we asked Vansh Nimay to install MIS, the owners said that they had tried to do so but did not get cooperation of NMC officials. But, this was never reported to senior officers. We asked him to immediately install MIS. Vansh Nimay immediately asked the software provider from Pune to come down to Nagpur and install the software. Now it is available in town planning department,\" he further said.This wilful breach of tender conditions by the agency has irked the NMC bosses and they issued a show cause notice asking as to why its contract should not be cancelled. A reply is awaited.Vansh Nimay had been indicted by a four member committee headed by BJP corporator Narendra Borkar in 2011 for violating large number of tender conditions.NEGLIGENT AGENCY* Agency had not installed management information system.* When taken to task claimed that it wasn't getting cooperation.* It was indicted by NMC committee in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "udalguri", "code": "17346019", "title": "Elephant found dead in Udalguri", "text": "UDALGURI: The carcass of an eight-year-old female elephant was recovered from Paneri in Udalguri district today, official officials said.E The carcass was found in a drain near the workers colony of Paneri Tea Estate this morning.The cause of the elephant's death is yet to be ascertained. So far this year, seven elephants have died and six persons lost their lives due to trampling by pachyderms in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17346129", "title": "British court orders fugitive banker to pay $2.1 billion", "text": "LONDON: A British court has ruled a former bank chairperson, who is on the run from authorities, should pay the bank $2.1 billion in compensation for damages in a fraud scheme.On Friday, the British high court ruled that former BTA Bank chairman Mukhtar Ablyazov must pay the bank $2.1 billion in compensation.BTA Bank filed a series of lawsuits against Ablyazov in the high court shortly after his arrival in London as a part of its restructuring agreement with creditors to recover $5 billion assets allegedly misappropriated by Ablyazov during his tenure at BTA Bank between 2005 and 2009.The court ruling was the first to demand a monetary compensation from Ablyazov as the bank has already clinched a worldwide freezing order on his declared assets, currently worth around $6 billion.BTA bank was the biggest lender in Kazakhstan before it defaulted on $12 billion of debt and was taken over by the government in 2009.Kazakh prosecutors accused Ablyazov of money laundering and fraud in March 2009, issuing a warrant for his arrest. Following the warrant, Ablyazov fled to Britain where he was granted political asylum in 2011.Ablyazov, 49, was sentenced by a high court in February to 22 months imprisonment for contempt after failing to disclose full details of his assets. He fled Britain shortly after the ruling.The former banker and Kazakh government minister, whose current whereabouts are unknown, denies any wrongdoing and claims that legal action against him is politically motivated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343078", "title": "Rajasthan among top 5 states with maximum road accident deaths", "text": "JAIPUR: Over 50 people have died in fatal accidents in different parts of the state in the last three days. The death toll has not only raised questions on lack of measures to manage traffic, but also placed Rajasthan among the top five states in the country with highest number of deaths in road mishaps.The data released by the transport research wing of Union road transport and highways ministry in August this year shows that in 2011, 6.5% of the total motor vehicle owners in the state were killed in road accidents.The number of road accidents recorded in the state in 2011 was 23,245. The data complied by the National Crime Records Bureau ( NCRB) claims that the number accounts for 5.3% of the total cases of road accidents registered in the country.The state, it seems, has not yet learnt the lessons from last year's figures as by August 2012 6,133 people were killed and another 19,500 injured in road accidents.\"There is no one factor that can be attributed for the rise in number of accidents in the state. Drunken driving and speeding remains a major cause for accidents and fatalities. But other factors like driving for long hours, overworked drivers and lack of motor training institutes also lead to accidents,\" said J C Mohanty, principal secretary.In the state, Jodhpur has emerged as the one of the most dangerous districts for driving in terms of number of road accidents. The district is ranked fifth in the country in terms of number of people dying per 100 accidents. A total of 526 accidents were reported that claimed 264 lives and left 525 injured.What's ironic is that these accidents are taking place at a time when the state government is spending Rs 3000 crore every year for road maintenance and development. With nearly 26 people being killed nearly every day in the state the effective utilization of funds remains under cloud.\"Nearly Rs 1,500 crore is being spent on development of roads in rural areas, while another Rs 1,500 crore is spent on state and national highways including road constructed through Build Operate Transfer (BOT) and Public Private Partnership (PPP) models,\" said a senior PWD officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344831", "title": "Helmet relief proving fatal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exempting women from wearing helmets while driving a two-wheeler or riding pillion is proving disastrous. Doctors at AIIMS Trauma Centre, which gets over 1,000 such cases every year, say mortality rate for accident victims not wearing helmets is more than double \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a fact highlighted in a recent AIIMS study.The study shows that the centre received 2,178 patients who were injured in bike accidents between 2010 and 2011. \"About 68.52% women who were driving a bike were wearing a helmet as against 4.4% women pillion riders. Among men, the helmet use was 56% for drivers and 37.14% for pillion riders,\" said Dr Jiten Jaipuria, who analyzed the details. \"Most of the victims who were wearing helmets received injuries in the lower limb (29.04%) while those who were not wearing the helmets received severe head injuries (24.49%). The rate of mortality and morbidity was higher in the latter,\" he added.Helmet use, experts say, reduces mortality risk by 45.4% notwithstanding age, sex and time of day when the injury occurred and presence of alcohol/drugs. \"Helmets insulate one from serious head injury, the most common cause of death,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343999", "title": "Police identify 26 sensitive points for Muharram", "text": "PATNA: The district administration and Patna police have made necessary arrangements to ensure peaceful Muharram in the state capital on Sunday.Around 5,000 police personnel in uniform as well as mufti would provide security during the Tazia processions in the town and Patna City areas. Patna police have identified 26 sensitive locations where striking force would be deployed. \"The striking force would include a DSP-rank officer, one magistrate and armed cops. All the routes would be covered by both homeguards and armed policemen,\" said a senior police officer.\"Tensions are not always of communal nature. On many occasions, people clash on petty issues. To avoid such situations, three temporary police stations have been functioning in Patna City and Phulwarisharif areas. Each of the police stations are being headed by a DSP,\" said SP (city) Jayant Kant.\"All peace committee heads would be asked to accompany the processions till they reach the destination. The station heads of the local police stations have been asked to monitor suspected persons, especially convicts who were released on bail. In case of emergency they can arrest persons with suspicious activity,\" he said, adding, \"The police stations are conducting meeting with 'Taziadars' (organizers of Tazia processions) and all the station officers have been directed to go through the records of clashes in the past.\"Traffic SP Chandirka Prasad said, \"Around 500 cops would manage the traffic on that day. However, a few of the routes towards Karbala, Patna City and Phulwarisharif would be one-way and no light or heavy motor vehicles would be allowed though those routes. Vehicular traffic, except ambulance, on Ashok Rajpath would be restricted for major part of the day.\"According to the Patna district magistrate (DM) Sanjay Kumar, \"Movement at 60 places would be videographed following the order of DGP Abhayanand. Riot-control vehicles would also be deployed at the sensitive points.\"The PMC commissioner, Pankaj Kumar Pal, has asked the four executive officers of New Capital circle (NCC), Kankarbagh, Bankipore and Patna City circles to ensure regular garbage lifting from every ward. Sanitation measures would be accelerated and adequate arrangements of street lights would be in place in areas where Muharram-related functions, including taking out processions, are held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343975", "title": "EOW to probe commercial tax-evasion cases: Modi", "text": "PATNA: The Commercial Taxes Department (CTD) has decided to hand over further investigation of tax evasion cases to the economic offence wing (EOW) of Bihar police under the supervision of the DGP, said deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Friday.He said the decision was taken following the increase in the number of tax evasion cases by transporters and traders.Modi said though the department had seized goods worth Rs 20 to 25 crore being transported outside the state by traders without proper documents to evade taxes and 31 FIRs had also been registered in this connection across the state, further probe was handed over to the EOW to centralize the investigation. The deputy CM said many transporters were helping the traders in carrying out this illegal work and were repeating the crime.Goods worth more than Rs 20 crore were seized in the state capital alone in the months of September-October and raids on courier and transport offices and godowns in different circles also resulted in the seizure of supplies from other places, including Gaya, Bhagalpur, Muzaffarpur and Purnia, Modi said.\"Raids on transporters' offices and godowns have led to an increase in the revenue collection. While about 2,000-2,500 'Suvidha permits' were used daily in September, its number increased to 3,000-3,500 per day in the next month,\" Modi said, adding, \"Goods worth Rs 5,300 crore were imported to the state in September which increased to Rs 6,000 crore in October. The revenue growth rate also increased from 26% in September to 325% in the next month.\"He said raids would continue to increase the revenue collection in the state and assured strict action against transporters and traders evading taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17343499", "title": "After revolts, Congress gives mandate secretly", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342269", "title": "Release us now, say 2 Rajiv Gandhi assassination case convicts", "text": "CHENNAI: Two LTTE men serving life term in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case have approached the Madras high court seeking immediate release. In their petitions, B Robert Payas and S Jayakumar argued that their continued detention even after they completed 20 years in prison was illegal and violative of their fundamental right to life and liberty.A division bench of Justice C Nagappan and Justice P R Shivakumar, before which the habeas corpus petitions came up for admission on Friday, has adjourned the matter by a week for further proceedings.Former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated on May 21, 1991. The case involved a total of 41 accused - 12 of whom, including the human bomb Dhanu, were already dead and three others, including LTTE chief Velupillai Prabhakaran , were declared absconding. While Payas was produced before the designated TADA court and remanded in judicial custody on June 19, 1991, Jayakumar was remanded on June 26, 1991.On September 21, 1998, a designated court convicted all the 26 accused and sentenced all of them to death. The Supreme Court confirmed the death penalty only on four, including Nalini and her husband Murugan alias Srikaran, on May 11, 1999.The death penalty of both Payas and Jayakumar was commuted to imprisonment for life. Both completed their 14 years of incarceration in June 2005 and hence made a representation to the jail authorities for premature release. In October 2007, an advisory board constituted by the Tamil Nadu government rejected their pleas for premature release. However, the Madras high court, finding that the board had not been constituted as per norms, directed the government to reconstitute the board and consider their matters afresh. A newly formed board rejected their pleas for premature release in January 2010. Assailing the board's decision and a consequential government order issued in August 2010, Payas and Jayakumar approached the high court.Noting that their right to be prematurely released was denied on weak grounds and extraneous considerations, they said the advisory board's decision was due to non-application of mind and irrelevant and unwarranted apprehensions.As for the board's opinion that he might not go back to Sri Lanka if released, Payas gave an undertaking that he was ready to stay at any place specified by the court. Reiterating his unwillingness to return to Sri Lanka, Payas said he wanted to stay in any of the special camps for refugees in Tamil Nadu or the Netherlands, where his sister's family resided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343296", "title": "Bifurcation of quota? Yes, no, maybe", "text": "JAIPUR: The state OBC Commission's report has stirred up a hornet's nest, forcing the Rajasthan government to come up with a defence.Both the OBC commission and the state government on Friday denied speculation of the commission having recommended bifurcation of the current quota pie for the OBC communities. While the state government was quick to clarify, contradictory statements from the chairman and member secretary of the OBC commission only added fuel to the existing confusion.\"As per the high court, the commission was to present its recommendations over which communities are eligible for the special backward classes (SBC) category. The report is regarding that and not about reservation for them. The question of bifurcation of OBC quota does not arise. The report will be studied by the government, and then the cabinet will discuss and decide on its implementation,'' chief minister Ashok Gehlot said while interacting with the mediapersons at Jodhpur.  'Commission had not proposed bifurcation'Mounting political pressure also led to the OBC commission on Friday evening issuing an official statement that it had not recommended quota for the special backward classes within the existing 21% OBC quota. The statement, by member secretary Dr C B Sharma, categorically said that the commission's report has also not recommended bifurcation.However, this was contradictory to what chairman of the commission retired Justice I S Israni had said earlier in the day. While interacting with the media, the chairman had said that the recommendations made are in cognizance with Supreme Court's directive of overall reservations not exceeding 50%.\"All reservations which are to be given will have to be within the set 21% meant for the OBC,'' Israni had said, adding that the commission's report was based on the communities eligible to be categorized as OBC and not SBC.The OBC chairman, when asked about the state's requirement for SBC recommendations, replied, \"the commission is not driven by the state's requirement. The commission is for the OBC and not the SBC.''However, sources within the commission and the state government contradicted his statement saying that the recommendations sought from the commission were following an HC directive and for the SBC which includes Gujjars along with Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities.Following the official statement by Sharma, Israni said that the statement had been issued after seeking his advice. \"As conclusions are being drawn at one's will, we decided to make a formal statement,'' he said.With several speculations on the report which was seen as a possible solution to the on-going quota issues in the state, concerned communities like the Gujjars and the Jats did not waste any time in voicing their objections. While Gujjars demanded that the 5% reservation promised to them should be within the defined limits of 50%, the Rajasthan Jat Mahasabha said that it would be forced to agitate if the state government decides to spilt the OBC quota.\"In no circumstances would the Jats allow bifurcation of quota. We will go to any lengths to protest it; the state government should make provisions for a separate quota for the Gujjars and other communities,'' said Raja Ram Meel, president of the Mahasabha. The state BJP too said that bifurcation of the existing quota would be unacceptable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17345907", "title": "3 suspected robbers held in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: District police on Friday arrested three members of an inter-state gang of robbers and recovered a pistol and cartridges after a raid near Nayamoad bus stand under city police station here.The gang from Gaya district in Bihar planned to rob a jewellery shop in the Chas.The three criminals have been identified as Mohammad Shamshad Ansari, Mohammad Jahagir and Sanjay Paswan.They are residents of Bihar.Paswan and Ansari are wanted in a number of cases in Bihar, said oKuldeep Dwivedi, SP, Bokaro.He said the trio arrived in the city on the instruction of their associate in Ranchi, who is suspected to have masterminded the robbery. Bihar police, who were tracking the movement of these criminals, tipped off Bokaro police on their visit.Dwivedi said a police team headed by Ramod Kumar Singh, officer-in-charge of city police station, raided a spot situated behind the bus stand and nabbed them.During interrogation, the trio confessed to the robbery plan at the jewellery shop in the city. A case has been filed in this connection with the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17342051", "title": "Coming up: Mary Kom's boxing academy", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Ace boxer MC Mary Kom is all set to starts a boxing academy at a housing project on the Yamuna Expressway. The academy will be the first of its kind in North India and help nurture boxing talent.The academy will be set up at Upcountry, a 100-acre township coming up on the Yamuna Expressway. Talking about the project, Mary Kom, said, \"I am very happy to support for this cause, which is very close to my heart. This game has given me everything.\"Explaining the initiative, RK Arora, CMD, Supertech Limited, said, \"This is an attempt to endorse global sports and enable our youth to reach desired sporting heights. We are very excited to be associated with Mary Kom, who has motivated many youngsters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342333", "title": "Cops grill owner of ship that ran aground", "text": "CHENNAI: As part of the investigation by Tamil Nadu police into the grounding of oil tanker Pratibha Cauvery on the Chennai coast on October 31, police officers on Friday interrogated the owner of the vessel and two senior officers of his shipping company.Six sailors died when the lifeboat in which they were trying to escape the stricken ship capsized in turbulent waters when Cyclone Nilam hit the city, causing the vessel to run aground off Besant Nagar beach.A senior police officer said investigators questioned Pratibha Shipping Company CEO Sunil Pawar and two senior officials of the firm. \"They arrived for questioning on directions of the Madras high court, which asked them to appear before the Sashtri Nagar police on November 23,\" the officer said.Two investigations are being carried out, by the state police and the directorate-general of shipping, to determine what caused the ship to beach and who was responsible for the deaths of the sailors.Both investigations are also looking into the condition of the vessel, alleged criminal negligence by the ship's owner and captain. Pawar, Sunil Kumar Rai, captain-designate on shore, and Avinash Mohan, additional captain-designate on shore, appeared before police in the city on Friday after obtaining anticipatory bail from a court in Mumbai.Investigators said they had completed questioning Rai but Pawar and Mohan face additional interrogation on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343874", "title": "'Market-based pricing will legalise high rates for drugs'", "text": "PUNE: The Union government's decision on pricing of 348 essential drugs has come in for sharp criticism from Jan Swasthya Abhiyaan (JSA), a network of NGOs working in public health. The NGO has alleged that the government's move will only result in legitimising the exorbitantly high prices of essential drugs and there will be only 'token' reduction in their prices.\"We are deeply disappointed that after a delay of seven years to decide on a comprehensive drug pricing policy, the group of ministers (GoM) has decided in favour of market-based pricing policy for 348 essential drugs. This would more or less legitimise the current exorbitantly high prices of essential medicines,\" said health activist Anant Phadke of JSA.Responding to a petition filed by the All India Drug Action Network (AIDAN), the Supreme Court in 2003 had directed the government to devise a policy that would ensure that essential medicines are available at affordable cost to ordinary people. Recently, while hearing arguments on this petition, the court had said the government should continue to use the cost-based formula for pricing of the 348 essential drugs.The cost-based formula has been part of the Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) of 1979, 1987 and 1995. Under this formula the ceiling price of a drug is calculated by adding a mark-up (maximum allowable post-manufacturing expenditure on the cost of manufacture of a drug.\"The GoM has, however, recommended that the cost-based pricing policy be replaced by a market-based formula. This method will fix the ceiling prices of medicines by calculating simple average of prices of brands of medicine having more than one per cent market share. This is a clear ploy to minimise the reduction in drug prices and allow pharmaceutical companies to continue to charge inordinately high prices for their products,\" Phadke said.Phadke added, \"It is appalling that the GoM has chosen to ignore the views of the Supreme Court and the ministries of health and finance.\"\"The GoM, formed in 2005, took seven years to make a decision in spite of directives by the court to expedite its decision. The delay allowed the pharmaceutical industry to continue to charge exorbitant prices, thus exploiting millions of patients. Due to the inaction by the GoM, the constitutional right to life with dignity of ordinary citizens continued to be violated. With this new decision, this violation would become 'official'.\"Health activist Abhay Shukla said, \"Exorbitant pricing by pharmaceutical companies leads to denial of access to essential medicines, and this constitutes denial of the right to life, enshrined in the Constitution.\"\"Though policy-making is the prerogative of the executive, the Supreme Court has acted well within its constitutional mandate in directing the government to take a policy which would stop the denial of the human rights of millions of people,\" Shukla said.The court's suggestion is to protect human rights of citizens. Ignoring it shows the disrespect for the court and the Constitution, he said, adding that, \"It's tantamount to contempt of the SC.\"Demands of Jan Swasthya Abhiyaan* The government should heed the Supreme Court's opinion and impose price regulation to protect the right to life enshrined in the Constitution.* All escape routes used to wriggle out of the price regulation must be plugged. Thus, all dosage forms of all 348 essential medicines and all fixed dose combinations of these medicines must be brought under price-control (all irrational fixed dose combinations should be banned). Otherwise, in practice, the price regulation would be largely nullified.* The government should immediately set up a committee of experts to list crucial medicines that (a) have been left out of the current list of essential medicines and (b) have been included in the essential drug lists of states but not included in the National List of Essential Medicines and ensure these are included in an expanded list of essential, life saving drug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17346988", "title": "Dilapidated school buildings to be closed", "text": "VARANASI: District basic education department is carrying out a survey to identify the dilapidated school buildings in the city area. According to basic shiksha adhikari, Param Hans Yadav, after the survey, schools running in dilapidated buildings will be shut down completely from the area. \"Students who are studying in such schools will be transferred to a near by school running in better conditions from the academic session 2013-2014.\"Notably, the survey reports are expected to arrive in a week's time. According to Yadav, most of the primary and upper primary schools in urban areas of the district are either many years old or functioning in one or two rooms rented building. These rented buildings of the schools are posing trouble as the number of students have increased and at the same time, the building are also getting old and dilapidated. Apart from the dilapidated condition, increasing the number of rooms, repair work, electrification and adding drinking water and toilet facilities for the students is an another issue in these rented school buildings. The landlords of the buildings also want us to leave the place and therefore not allowing us for repair work, he informed further.It must be mentioned here that district magistrate, Saurabh Babu while reviewing the projects of the department, showed concern over the pending list of selected schools where new class rooms have to be constructed.However, it is yet not clear, whether such rented schools will also be identified for complete wind up. At present there are as many as 1,033 government primary and 352 government upper primary schools in the district.\"Shutting down dilapidated school buildings will definitely lower down the number of government primary and upper primary schools in the urban area, however, we cannot take risk with the lives of children who are at present studying in dilapidated buildings.Once the survey reports will come out, it will be studied and further decision will be made on new schools or repair works.However, there is already shortage of space for new school in urban areas and no new school can be opened in 1 km radius of an already existing primary or upper primary school,\" he informed further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343762", "title": "First cyborg aims for telepathy", "text": "BANGALORE: Robots marrying and voting in elections. Accident victims being able to send command to their artificial limbs.All entirely possible, according to cybernetics guru Prof Kevin Warwick. He was here on Friday to deliver The Pinkerton Lecture, organized by the Institution of Engineering and Technology.Warwick, celebrated as the first cyborg (a superhuman who has both biological and artificial parts in the body), is best known for being the world's first human to have a chip surgically implanted in his arm and conducting experiments on himself.Warwick told TOI about his research in direct interfaces between humans and computer systems, robotics and artificial intelligence. \"I'm a regular human now, but I still have some wires left from the last experiment. But they're not doing anything,\" he said.His first implant was an RFID (radio frequency identification) transmitter in May 1998 which he used to automate his lab. His lab's doors in Reading University, UK, had many magnetic coils which could detect his transmitter and open doors automatically, and boot up his computer when he walked in. He wanted to see if the body could accept an external implant.\"I had an implant in my left arm and word got around, and ever since many, including James Bond (in Casino Royale), got a similar implant,\" Warwick said. In the West, RFID tags are used increasingly in pets to keep track of them. \"This must be the first instance where we tested a technology on humans before using them on animals!\" he quipped.Next, he tried to interface with machines more directly. He had tiny electrodes in his left median nerve for about three months. They were connected to a gauntlet-like device on his arm which could use the electrical signals of the nervous system to control an external robot via the internet.The robot designed by Warwick's colleague Peter Kyberd could mimic the actions of Warwick's arm. And sensors from the robot were able to transmit signals back to Warwick's nervous system and he could \"feel\" the robot. \"It took me about six weeks to recognize the electrical signals,\" he said. \"They weren't painful or anything, but they kept coming. I knew it was the robot.\" Warwick explained. The more pressure he applied using the robot, the more frequent the signals got.Human exchangeWarwick tried to see if it was possible to transmit signals between humans. Another simpler array was implanted into the arm of his wife Irina, and they were able to sync their nervous systems and send Morse codes via their nervous systems.Now, he's planning implants in his brain which can enable telepathy. Irina isn't too thrilled about it and the dangers of his experiments.Warwick feels his research can be used to engineer better prosthetics which can interface more directly with a paraplegics' nervous system. Currently, advanced prosthetics interface with muscles which allow electrodes to flex and move.\"I hope to excite future generations about brain-to-brain communication,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17347414", "title": "No question of freeing terrorists, says Shivpal Yadav", "text": "VARANASI: \"There is no question of freeing terrorists or withdrawing cases against them,\" said the PWD minister Shivpal Yadav when asked about the directive of the Allahabad high court.The Allahabad high court on Thursday asked the state government to seek instructions and inform it about the withdrawal of cases against the accused involved in bomb blasts at Varanasi's Sankat Mochan temple, Cantt railway station and other places.Yadav was here on Friday to meet the ailing socialist leader Ramkaran Dada. In a brief chat with reporters, he said he had no idea about letters regarding the withdrawal of cases against the accused of terror blasts. The intention of the government is clear and no guilty elements would be spared, he said.Regarding the pathetic condition of roads, he said there would be no dearth of funds for the roads. He said the foundation stone of five flyovers in the city would be laid by December 15. Besides, the government has also sought an estimate for the development and beautification of four ghats, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343580", "title": "Nilekani invite for lecture upsets human rights group PUCL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Human rights group, People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL), distanced itself from Friday's 6th Tarkunde Memorial Lecture delivered by Nandan Nilekani who heads the Centre's UID project. Nilekani is also a founder member of the software company, Infosys .PUCL is known for its strident opposition to the UID project. So, the choice of Nilekani as the speaker raised eyebrows.Barrister-activist Vithal Mahadeo Tarkunde was associated with PUCL till his death in 2004. The invitation card of memorial lecture mentions PUCL as a co-host with the Tarkunde Memorial Foundation as in the past years.Speaking to TOI, however, PUCL national vice-president Binayak Sen said, \"We are not at this time part of the body hosting the lecture.\"In a statement, PUCL said, \"In the past, the PUCL has been very critical of the UIDAI project and unequivocally opposed the project on grounds of being an unacceptable intrusion by the state into citizen's right to privacy, as having questionable motives and constituting a serious threat to human rights, amongst other reasons.\"The PUCL said it did not have any role or knowledge in the selection by the Tarkunde Memorial Foundation of Nilekani as the speaker.Banners and posters at the lecture's venue also did not mention PUCL as the programme's co-host.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17346000", "title": "662 posts meant for the disabled lying vacant'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Disabled Persons' Association (AADPA) on Friday said 662 posts in 27 government departments of the state meant for differently-abled people are lying vacant.There is a backlog of posts in different government sectors for the disabled since 1981. In 2005 and 2009, only 504 differently-abled people were appointed to the government sectors, while the remaining 158 are yet to be appointed.An AADPA leader, Rahim Badsha Ahmed, said, \" There are a total of 60 to70 per cent posts lying vacant, but the government is not taking any initiative to fill these backlog posts meant for differently-abled people. The appointment procedure was closed in 2009.\"\"We discussed the issue with the social welfare department and they assured us that these backlog posts will be filled very soon. But till date, the department has not done anything to appoint these people,\" he said.Ahmed added, \"There is also a 5 per cent reservation for differently-abled people in the private sector, but till date no one has been appointed in the private sector. There is a 3 per cent reservation for them in the recently conducted TET exam, but the government is not following the guidelines.\" The AADPA leader lamented that there is no reservation for them in the panchayat.\"There are over 12 lakh differently-abled people all over the state, but the government is unable to provide appropriate data with regard to the number of differently-abled people in the state as they do not keep any record about us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17344515", "title": "For Englishmen, there's no getting past this No. 3 rock", "text": "MUMBAI: England have been in India for 24 days now and during this time, they have managed to dismiss Cheteshwar Pujara only once - in the warm-up match at the DY Patil Stadium ahead of the first Test. That, too, happened after the batsman had eaten up 262 deliveries and got to 87.In the Tests, England are yet to discover how to get this man out. Anything short is hooked away, anything round the legs is immaculately swept and the on and off drives only add to the frustration.Spin hardly seems to fluster him. Pujara is batting in a zone in which he seems invincible. After getting on English nerves to good effect in the first Test -- scoring an unbeaten 206 in the first innings -- Pujara returned to being the most unfriendly host the visitors have come across on this tour so far.In hindsight, when he walked out to bat on Friday after Gautam Gambhir's early dismissal, it seemed like Pujara was only going to continue from where he'd left off in Ahmedabad. England had brought Monty Panesar into the attack right in the sixth over; a thin cloud of dust began to envelope the centre wicket and the pacer's spikes had roughed-up the pitch at full-length to help the bowler at the other end.Panesar's day was made with the scalps of Sehwag and Tendulkar and England thought theirs was going to be made too. That is when Pujara began spoiling it for them.At the young age of 24, Pujara has already spent seven long years grieving his mother's untimely death, consoling a devastated father and single-mindedly focusing on cricket to live the family dream. It shows in his workmanlike approach when everything begins to fade away except for the cricket ball coming on to Pujara's bat and the sound when it hits.Ravichandran Ashwin , who is batting on 60 after sharing an unbroken 97-run partnership for the seventh wicket with Cheteshwar Pujara.We have played together since we were 16 or 17. We have been at the NCA and all that. I thought Pujara's knock was brilliant. The amount of time he trusted his defence was amazing. He eased the nerves as he batted on, defending beautifully. It would have been a shame if he had not got a hundred. He does not get small hundreds, he gets big ones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347308", "title": "Kamala theatre owner passes away", "text": "V N Chidambaram aged 76, the owner of Kamala Cinemas, one of the popular multiplexes in Chennai, died in Madurai this morning. Chidambaram, who passed away this morning, will be cremated in his native village Rangiyam in Pudukottai Sunday.According to sources, Chidambaram was suffering health ailment and he breathed his last this morning. He is survived by three sons.A popular personality in Tamil film industry, Chidambaram was also an actor. He played a negative character in Thoonga Nagaram last year. Kamala Theatre is situated in Vadapalani and was renovated a few years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17348112", "title": "Mahajana College principal: 127 students can't write exam", "text": "MYSORE: Mahajana's College students who have been denied permission to write exams owing to shortage of attendance will lose one year.The college on Friday said that they don't have the authority to make changes in the list of 127 students who have been denied permission to attend the examination due to shortage of attendance.\"They have to write the exam next year..,\" college principal K V Prabhakara said. \"According to University of Mysore regulation, a student must have 75% of attendance in each subject to be eligible to write exam. These 127 students don't meet the norm, and hence are denied permission to write exams. As per the regulation, they cannot attend classes in next semester. They will have to get readmission next year,\" he added.COLLEGE RULES OUT BIAS !Semester classes were held between July 9 and October 31, while the exams are scheduled between November 16 and January 16. The same has been specified in the applications issued during the admission.The list of percentage of monthly attendance of each student was displayed on the noticeboard, he told reporters, refuting the charges of the aggrieved students who contended that the college didn't inform them of their attendance. \"As many as 2,020 students are studying in our college, and 127 of them are not eligible to write exams. Their list has been sent to the varsity. We cannot do anything now,\" he stated, adding: \"For us, all students are equal. There are 121 foreign students from 15 countries. Of them, 18 students cannot write exams due to shortage of attendance. Our college has been targeted on one issue or the other. But allegations from students are far from THE truth.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343234", "title": "Polish duo sings praises of Bollywood", "text": "PANAJI: Over-the-top Bollywood films are useful in more ways than one, as a young Polish duo discovered. Having been brought up on the European genre of cinema that strikes to imitate life in all its details, the filmmakers from Poland encountered Indian cinema purely by accident, and were left awestruck by its 'exaggeration', that helped shape their animation films.\"My friends took me to watch a Bollywood film with them first. Initially, I could not relate to the film. Slowly, I began to see that there is method to the madness. I was amused with the concept where the hero can die in the middle of the film and resurrects later on in the movie. It is very different from the European paradigm of 100-minute movie,\" said Jakub Tarkowski, one of the three co-directors of the animation film 'George the Hedgehog', which is being screened at the 43rd international film festival of India (Iffi).The experience of watching commerical Hindi feature films inspired the exaggerated hero of Tarkowski's film - a hedgehog. \"I like the exaggeration of the Bollywood movies. It is so much more intense than the European genre of films. It is very exotic for me. We have dance sequences in our film which are inspired by Bollywood. Animation films also require double the exaggeration than regular films and effects of action films are tripled,\" co-director of the Polish animation film Tomasz Lesniak said.The filmmakers said that the Polish film industry is a well-developed one, which churns out up to 50 films a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17343918", "title": "Himachal: Scientist loses Rs 40 lakh in online lottery fraud", "text": "MANALI: In a case of online lottery fraud, a scientist working with a horticulture and forestry university in Kullu was allegedly duped of Rs 40 lakh, police said. According to a police report, the victim lost money in the common advance-fee fraud scheme, which started with an email notification saying \"Congratulations, you have won 500,000 GBP (Great Britain Pound)\".H S Bhatia, currently residing in Seobag village of Kullu, has lodged a complaint with Kullu police that he had received an email from Chevron Oil Company, England, informing him that he had been selected for a cash prize in lucky draw. He said he was contacted by a person named Douglas and asked to deposit processing fee in an account number to release the prize money from Royal Bank of Scotland , Hansalaya Building, 15, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi.Bhatia said he was then contacted by two persons, Philips and Bucky Moore, on behalf of the same bank and they asked him to deposit more money to activate his account where the prize money would be transferred. Victim claims that he has transferred Rs 40 lakh in last three months through Kullu based branch of State Bank of India . Even then he did not receive the prize money, so he visited Royal Bank of Scotland, where he came to know that he has been cheated.Police have registered a case under section 420 of the IPC Act and 66 of IT Act. According to police officials, generally such victims are told to keep the winning secret. \"No lottery can be won unless a ticket is purchased and normally the processing fees are deducted from the prize money,\" officials warn.Investigating officer Sher Singh said they are trying to find out the bank accounts where the money could have been deposited. \"We have been warning people again and again to contact police regarding such mails. Investigation is on,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17347985", "title": "Run for a greener Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: SRS Global Industry Solutions (SRSGIS) in association with manglorean.com will organize '10K and 5K - Greenathon 2012', a marathon. The event with the motto 'Our Dream - Green Mangalore City' will be held on December 16 and is expected to attract about 3,500 people of different age groups.The participants and visitors of the \"Go Green\" run will be entertained by music groups and traditional dance groups at the starting and finishing points and also at different places en route. To add more colour to the event the organizers are making arrangements to rope in celebrities.SRSGIS director Rajesh R told The Times of India that the objective of organizing such an event is to promote environmental conservation.The marathon has been categorized into two. Children above 10 years will be allowed to participate in the 5K (5 kilometres) run while people between the age group of 15 and 75 years can take part in 10K (10 kilometres) run.The winners will be honoured with certificates and cash awards. Prizes worth Rs 50,000 will be distruted among them. There are prizes for the best creative group attire, best individual attire, creation of theme related to the cause, best slogan and largest group.\"All participants will be given Greenathon T-Shirt, participation certificate and refreshments. Water will be made available for participants on the route and medical facility including ambulance will also kept ready,\" he added. Contact: 7899752328/ 9845841851.\"The run aims at promoting one's journey towards a happy and healthy living. The Greenathon 2012 is also a fun event and group participation is encouraged. It presents a wonderful opportunity for likeminded people, friends and corporate houses to make their presence felt by wearing go-green T-shirts, green ribbon, beating drums and scarrying placards with innovative slogans suitable to the occasion or highlighting the strengths of the city. This is an opportunity to promote team work and demonstrate social responsibility,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17342657", "title": "More students opt for IELTS exam this year", "text": "BANGALORE: The number of students appearing for International English Language Testing System (IELTS) rose by 20% since last year. This, thanks to the education market opening up in foreign countries after a lean period.Paul Sellers, director, South India, British Council, said: \"New destinations like New Zealand are opening up. US universities have also started accepting IELTS. The market has indeed grown.\"Bangalore is the third largest market in South India, with Kochi and Hyderabad in the lead. \"The market in Bangalore is set to grow further. With airports coming up in smaller towns in Karnataka, we see a lot of training institutes, specially in the northern parts. Bangalore will soon top the list,\" said Keshav Sreedharan, head, examination services, South India.The average score for Indians is 6.5-7. \"They are good at listening and speaking; they should focus on reading and writing,\" Paul said.British Council has launched \"Road to IELTS\", a 30-hour online preparation co8u8rse for students. It contains ex tensive practice sessions and is accessible to students registered through the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343971", "title": "HC asks govt to release funds for hiked pay of readers", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday directed the state government to provide funds to all the universities of the state by December 7 for paying salary arrears in the wake of enhancement of pay on UGC recommendation of readers who had worked on this post for five years before January 1, 1996, and to other readers who had completed five years on or after January 1, 1996.A single bench presided by Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh issued the directive while hearing a bunch of contempt petitions of Vijay Kishore Singh, Hari Sumiran Singh and others who submitted that as per the recommendation of the UGC, they had to be paid enhanced salary with a minimum basic of Rs 14,960 per month for which the high court had earlier given a verdict.The court fixed December 12 as the next date hearing of these contempt petitions. On that day, the state government is required to inform the court about the release of funds to the universities in this regard.The high court had delivered a judgment in 2010 on the writ petition of Vijay Kishore Singh and other readers of different universities, quashing the notification of the state government to give the readers enhanced salary after 10 years of service as reader. According to the petitioners' counsel, Ashok Kumar Dubey, Purushottam Jha and others, the state government did not comply with the high court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17345986", "title": "Bhutan king's nod sought to construct Lumla-Tashigang Road", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Tawang district unit of Gaon Bura (GB) Association has sought the permission of the king of Bhutan to construct the Lumla-Tashigang Road, which is supposed to pass through the country and reduce the distance between Tawang and Guwahati by about 200 km and travel time by almost 6 hours.The Nabam Tuki government in Arunachal Pradesh has taken initiative to construct the Lumla-Tashigang road via Bhutan and the Centre too has shown keen interest of late to build the road.Currently, it takes around 15 hours to cover a distance of about 600 km from Tawang to Guwahati via Bhalukpong and Tezpur. The road passes via Sela Pass, which is located at an altitude of 13,700 feet, but the 400 km Tawang-Lumla-Tashigang will be a laissez-faire road and help reopen the age-old border trade between the people of Bhutan and Tawang district.The district Gaon Bura (GB) Association, led by president Kota Lama , in a memorandum, urged the Bhutan king to permit constructing about 10 km of the road in Bhutan.Pointing out that the people of Bhutan and the Monpas of Tawang have the same religion, culture and tradition, the GB body said the people of Tawang used to visit religious places in Bhutan while the Bhutanese visited Tawang Monastery earlier by undertaking a foot march for days together.It said the road connectivity would facilitate easy movement of people for both the countries. The opening of Lumla-Tashigang Road will also help the Indian Army guarding the border, said the Tawang district Congress Seva Dal chief organizer Lobsang Dawa.The proposed STOL (short take off and landing) airport at Lumla will be a boon for the security of the nation as Lumla's weather remains conducive for air operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17343828", "title": "HC tells govt to file affidavit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday directed the state government, through its medical and health department, to file an affidavit on a PIL seeking probe into granting contracts for construction of public toilets at Kumbh Mela. The order was passed by a division bench of Justice RK Agrawal and Justice RSR Maurya on a PIL filed by Santosh Kumar Pandey of Allahabad.The PIL alleged that contracts for construction of public toilets at Kumbh Mela have been given by the medical and health department in gross violation of tender policy and toilets are being constructed ignoring the government policy. The PIL also demanded that toilets at Kumbh Mela be constructed in accordance with the policy of the health department. The bench has directed the state government to file an affidavit by November 30, the day when court will hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17347012", "title": "CBI investigating officer admits variation in FIR, chargesheet", "text": "INDORE: A Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigating officer who probed into the killing of IPS officer Narendra Kumar has admitted the special CBI court here on Friday that there were variation in the narration of incident and statements of eye witnesses in first report and CBI charge-sheet. The court also rejected the bail application of the accused Manoj Gurjar.Deputy superintendent of police (DSP) of CBI, Rachpal Singh, appeared for cross examination along with the then town inspector (TI) of Banmore police station CBS Raghuvanshi, appeared before court.Till now 17 witnesses have appeared before the court out of which an eyewitness, Dilip Shivhare, had turned hostile. Next hearing of the case is scheduled for December 4 and 5 when family members of slain IPS officer including his father will appear before court. Mahendra Morya, defense counsel of Manoj Gurjar said during the cross examination CBI officer Singh admitted that there are variation in first report of police and CBI chargesheet.He also admitted that during investigation he found that there was nothing to conclude that the slain IPS stopped his vehicle on road side and then signaled to the tractor-trolley driver stop and he refused and in a bid to escape ran the tractor over him. Singh said that the statement of Raghuvanshi and other police constables, who were with the IPS officer, were also different in chargesheet from the first report, however, he stressed that version of CBI is right and based on investigation.Morya said that court has rejected the bail application of accused Gurjar on the ground that trail is in progress and bail can not be given at this point of time.IPS officer Narendra Kumar was allegedly killed on March 8, 2012 in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh when he was trying to stop a tractor trolley laden with illegally mined stones. Later CBI in its chargesheet has termed the incident as a case of culpable homicide and held the tractor trolley driver of Manoj Gurjar as the sole accused.Father of slain IPS officer had alleged the hand of mining mafia in murder of his son, but the theory was rejected by CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17343891", "title": "12-year-old raped in Rewari", "text": "ROHTAK: A 12-year-old girl was raped by a youth in Rewari's Kurampur village last week while the village sarpanch intimidated the victim's family not to report the matter to police.On Friday evening, the victim, a class VI student, and her father managed to reach the district headquarters at Rewari and met the SSP to reveal the incident. SSP Bharti Arora directed Bawal police station to take action, after which a case of rape, wrongful confinement and criminal intimidation was registered against the rapist youth and the sarpanch.Bawal police station SHO Surender Kumar said the victim's father identified the accused as Manoj Kumar and village sarpanch Pokhraj. \"The victim told police that the incident occurred on November 14 when she was alone at home. After she revealed the incident to her father, he informed the sarpanch and also wanted to lodge a complaint with to the police. But the sarpanch pressurized him not to go to the police,\" the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346018", "title": "Abhijeet Group's steel plant ready", "text": "RANCHI: Notwithstanding initial hiccups in acquiring land and delay in obtaining statutory clearances, the Abhijeet Group has managed to complete the commissioning of the first phase of its steel plant along with a captive power plant at Saraikela in Saraikela-Kharsawan district.The plant in the first phase will have a steel production capacity of 0.4 million tonnes per annum (MTPA). Generation capacity of the power unit will be 60 MW. Officials of the company said that it was only after the MoU was signed with the state government in August 2008 that the land acquisition process started. Construction work for the first phase of the plant started in 2009 and it is now ready for production. Trial runs have started and it is soon set to be formally inaugurated.\"The first phase has been commissioned with an investment of around Rs 2,000 crore. It will provide employment to about 3,000 people. With further expansion of the plant in its second phase, it will have a total steel production capacity of 2.5 MTPA steel and power generation of 180 MW,\" said a source. He added that total investment in the entire project will be around Rs 10,850 crore and it will provide direct and indirect employment to over 15,000 people.Spokesman for the company Sanjay Srivastava said that the engineers have successfully conducted trial runs and almost everything is synchronized. \"We have managed to get raw materials to ensure smooth operation of the plant. Almost all ground work has been completed and the plant will be formally inaugurated in the days to come,\" said Srivastava.On support of the villagers in smooth execution of the plant after initial opposition, he said that people have realized the importance of industrialization and sincere efforts of the company to improve their living standards.\"We are not only going to employee local youths in the company but have also provided basic computer training to more than 30 girls. Around 150 women have been trained in sewing and embroidery. We have five tailoring centres at Murup, Mahalisai, Rengogora, Govindpur and Mahalimurup village. Many of them have opened their own tailoring shops after completing the training,\" said Srivastava who believes that this helped in winning support and confidence of the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17347211", "title": "BHU VC inagurates River Water project", "text": "VARANASI: A Lower Khajuri River Water project was inaugurated by Dr Lalji Singh, vice-chancellor, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) at Rajiv Gandhi South Campus, BHU on Friday. The project is an initiative for procurement of drinking water facility in the campus.Singh also reviewed the water testing lab and other facilities in the campus.Meanwhile, Singh also addressed the students of Malviya coaching, which is functioning free of cost for the students dwelling near South campus. Spic Macay: Inter Cultural Studies Centre, Spic Macay chapter, faculty of Arts, BHU is organising an ancient martial art performance of Manipur at Pandit Omkarnath Thakur auditorium on Saturday. Debate: National Service Scheme (NSS), Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), BHU organised a debate competition on 'Communal Harmony' in its premises on Thursday. Vocal music : City delegacies, BHU is organising a vocal music competition at city delegacies on Saturday. Inauguration: Vice chancellor, BHU, Dr Lalji Singh will inaugurate newly built 'Maharshi Ved Vyas Bhawan' at faculty of Sanskrit Vidya Dharma Vigyan, BHU on Saturday.41k consumers not paying electricity bills: Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) is in a loss of Rs 275 crore as around 41,000 power consumers are not paying their electricity bills.Revealing this information during a review meeting held on Friday, PVVNL director (technical) ML Sharma said PVVNL is facing immense problems in revenue collection.He laid emphasis on regular receipt and submission of electricity bills by the consumers by holding camps in different areas. He also directed the billing agency to do 100 percent distribution of bills among power consumers in their areas.Apart from revenue collection, Sharma also took strict note of new collections, disconnections, billing of mobile towers, recollection and other aspects.Lawyers remember court blast victims: Local lawyers associated with Banaras Bar Association and Central Bar Association on Friday paid tributes to those killed in the terrorist blast in the premises of the Kutchehri five years ago.It may be mentioned here that suspected Indian Mujahidin (IM) operatives had rocked the state by executing serial blasts at the Kutchehris of Varanasi, Lucknow and Faizabad on November 23, 2007. The blast had claimed the lives of three lawyers and over 50 persons were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344020", "title": "Students take to Facebook in fight against Nagpur University", "text": "NAGPUR: Aggrieved students have found a new platform to protest the lethargic attitude of Nagpur University administration. They have created a page titled - Fight Against Nagpur University - on the popular networking site Face Book. They are using this platform to reach out to others who are facing the same plight as their own.With the help of this page, they called upon others to come together and also to give monetary help in order to file a petition against NU in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court. Over 6,000 of them had written letters, and sent applications to NU citing various problems in their answer-sheets.The FB page was originally created by the students who became distressed after they received a \"no change\" from NU in their revaluation. Their call for help received good response and about 137 students joined the movement. They also collected money needed to pay their legal counsel. The students have called upon others to join their movement as it will significantly bring down the cost of filing litigation and will also put pressure on NU to consider their demand.The students told TOI that they have roped in Neeta Jog as their counsel. Jog had successfully pleaded a similar case filed by a law student Richa Inamdar in 2010. While passing judgment on the case, a division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar pulled up the evaluators for their shoddy work and also passed strictures against NU for not taking action against them. The student had been declared failed and her application for revaluation was marked as \"no change\". It was only after the court saw her answer-sheet that it pulled up the evaluators and asked NU to get the paper rechecked by another evaluator. She was subsequently declared pass.The court had reprimanded NU and stated that it was duty bound give the students an assurance that their papers are being evaluated properly and wherever the university finds that there is unjustified discrepancy, it would be appropriate if it took action under Section 32(6)(a) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994.The students through their petition have pleaded the court to order NU to conduct re-reassessment which was not mentioned in the rules. Interestingly, re-reassessment was once conducted by NU for summer 2006 exams when engineering students faced similar problems. Then VC SN Pathan had taken a decision to send the \"revaluated\" answer-sheets to Government College of Engineering in Pune for re-reassessment and many students had cleared the exam after that as their marks were almost doubled. TOI had reported about this in its February 26, 2007, edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347342", "title": "Ram Charan to launch Yamudiki Mogudu audio", "text": "Ram Charan might be the star attraction at the audio launch of Allari Naresh-Richa Panai starrer Yamudiki Mogudu to held on November 25. Initially, it was megastar Chiranjeevi who is supposed to grace the music launch but now it'll be mega power star.Yamudiki Mogudu, directed by E Sattibabu, is currently in post production and is gearing for release in December. Chanti Addala is producing the movie and dialogues are written by Kranthi Reddy. Koti has provided the soundtrack and Ramya Krishna will be playing seen in an important role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17342902", "title": "Man falls into marble mine, dies in Makrana", "text": "JAIPUR: A 60-year-old man died Thursday when he fell into a marble mine in Nagaur district's Makrana town. Police claimed that the man was just a passer-by and had slipped into the mine while he was standing on the heaps of soil that were piled up nearby. The incident happened on Thursday evening. Police further said no FIR was registered against the mine owner by the deceased's family members.The deceased was identified as Nawab Khan, a resident of Guhar area in Makrana. A police officer said he had come to Ghati area of Makrana along with some friends. Police and administration officials claimed that mining had not resumed in the area after the Rajasthan high court's ban. However, after the recent SC order in which mining was allowed under some conditions, those who owned mines about 15 meters from both sides of public roads in the area were gearing up to resume mining soon.Elaborating on Thursday's incident, the police officer said, \"The purpose of the victim's visit near the mine is not known as the family members have not filed any complaint. However, it seems he slipped into the mine. During investigations, it was found that Khan had tea from a nearby tea stall and was taking a stroll when he slipped into the mine.\"The officer said Khan's family members told police that he was not working at the mine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17344491", "title": "Surjya meets activist's widow", "text": "HOWRAH: Pratima Dutta had to return from Writers' Buildings every time she tried to meet law minister Moloy Ghatak or industries minister Partha Chatterjee. On Friday, she found a Left Front parliamentary delegation at her home, led by opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra.Pratima's husband Tapan Dutta, a Trinamool Congress leader-turned-green activist, was murdered on May 6, 2011, when he was spearheading a movement to resist the illegal filling up of a 750-acre wetland - Jaipur Bil - at Bali-Jagachha. Mishra made a strong pitch for Pratima and her family's security in the face of repeated threats.The political overtones of Mishra's visit weren't apparent till Trinamool Congress flag-bearers started circling the vehicles of the senior Left Front MLAs, shouting slogans against Mishra. It soon took the tenor of \"Mishra go back\" shouts. The Left leaders' steadfast refusal to budge led to palpable tension, but it was cut short after a huge police force reached the spot, prompting the protesters to disperse.After speaking to the Dutta family - Pratima, her two daughters and mother-in-law - Mishra said: \"The family is under threat. Her youngest daughter, a final year graduation student, cannot go to college in fear. We do not want to bring politics into it. We only demand that they should be left to live in peace.\"Pratima told the Left MLAs that they were \"being constantly threatened to drop the court case\". When asked by reporters why she, a local Trinamool Congress panchayat member, sought the help of Left Front, Pratima said: \"I have written three letters to the chief minister seeking an appointment. None was granted. I then tried to meet Partha Chatterjee, but couldn't. Then I tried to meet Moloy Ghatak. I was promised an appointment, but later declined. I returned from Writers every time.\"She admitted that police had given her guard, but she feared it would be withdrawn any moment. \"Once, I was surrounded by a gang of bikers at Jaipur Bil, despite having this security. Now I fear that my security would be withdrawn any moment.If it is, I am finished,\" she said.Pratima claimed that in the original chargesheet filed by the CID, it was said that \"there was long-standing enmity between the deceased and some Trinamool leaders of the area over the filling up of Suti canal and Haral canal and other two canals for Anmol South City Project - a joint collaboration (real estate project) with the state government. The deceased had formed an organisation called Jalabhumi Bachao Committee to prevent the filling up of ponds. The other Trinamool leaders of the area, including a state minister, had tried to influence the deceased by offering money and other means, but failed. The opponents then formed a syndicate\".In the supplementary chargesheet filed on September 26, 2011, the CID stated: \"There is no evidence against some crucial persons, including the minister.\" The first chargesheet was filed when the Mamata Banerjee government was firmly in the saddle. She has since filed a petition in Calcutta high court seeking a CBI inquiry into the matter.Agriculture marketing minister Arup Roy said: \"If she is not convinced with the police chargesheert, it is not the end, but the beginning of a long legal process.She will have enough opportunity to argue her case in court. It is up to the court to decide. It is her fundamental right to demand a CBI inquiry. If the court is convinced by her plea, it will allow so. How can I comment when matters are already being heard in court?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17345965", "title": "Shopaholics go online for smart deals", "text": "RANCHI: It's usual to find people who go to the market to buy a car or electronic gadgets getting lost in the midst of a wide range of options. But the use of internet these days has turned people into smart consumers, with their minds already made up on what to buy rather than waiting to be guided by the salesman.Nishant Tiwary, a businessman said, \"The internet has helped us a lot especially when it's a matter of buying a product. I am planning to buy a car, so I thought, doing a review online is a mush better option to check out models and price lists.\" Rajiv Singh, a student preparing for competitive exams, was confused before buying a Nokia Lumiacell phone. \"I was very confused whether to buy an android based or window based cell phone. But a Google search answered all my queries regarding model and price rates. The technology of these technical products should be first understood before venturing out in the market to buy one.\" There are also some people who have learnt it the bitter way. \"A few days back I bought a phone which turned out to have very poor battery backup.\" said Anil Kumar , an electrical engineer.It's not just youngsters who have become cautious but even the elderly people have become smart consumers. Sanjay Singh, manager of Central Coalfields limited (CCl), said \"I have noticed that when we go to shops to buy products, the salesman persuade customers to buy the costly ones. Few months back I bought a laptop for my daughter after doing a review on the internet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347212", "title": "3Q Records presents The Return Of Sheri G", "text": "3Q Records proudly presents 'The Return Of Sheri G' with his second single 'Dil Nachda'. Music is given by Dav Juss. The track is a courtesy of writer Goldie Kaler (brother of Kanth Kaler) who wrote and composed the track alongside co-writer Surinder Sheri (Sheri G's Father).The progression of the single led to many changes being made to the composition which was directed by Dav Juss himself. Dav continued to change the track until it suited the sound and quality which he hopes to bring another dance floor hit.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17344470", "title": "Mushtaq Ahmed's tips on action came in handy: Monty Panesar", "text": "MUMBAI: England and Pakistan may have, over the years, produced top-notch cricketers but there has been no love lost between quite a few of their stalwarts. Legendary allrounder Ian Botham once described Pakistan as a country where you should send your mother-in-law. The images of former England captain Mike Gatting and Pakistan umpire Shakoor Rana's finger-pointing duel in Faisalabad during England's 1987 tour are still fresh in our minds.Wasim Akram and Waqar Younis were alleged to have tampered with the ball when England batsmen were at the receiving end of their famed reverse swinging toe-crushers in 1992 and Botham and Allan Lamb had taken Imran Khan to court for calling them racists in an interview to an Indian magazine.The case was won by the former Pakistan skipper in 1999 and the vibes between Botham and Imran are as cold as the London weather right now. So to see a Pakistani great helping out England spinners is indeed heart-warming.Former Pakistan leg-spinner Mushtaq Ahmed spends hours teaching the nuances of bowling spin to wristy Indian batsmen to both Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann . Every net-session is animated and proactive. Mushtaq was snapped up by the ECB as the team's spin bowling coach in 2008 and if Panesar is to be believed, the results have been great.Panesar was easily England's star on Day 1 of the second Test at the Wankhede on Friday and he owed his four wickets, including those of Sachin Tendulkar and Virender Sehwag (to beauties), to Mushy's inputs.\"I've been working a lot with Mushy bhai to get my action right. It was great to get the 'Prince of India' out. If you analyse that wicket and the ball earlier, I felt that I had got my action all wrong on the previous ball as my arm had dropped. The next ball I said to myself let me get all the processes I worked with Mushybhai on and I got my action right. I got my fingers nicely around the ball and it came out nicely. That's the kind of delivery that you need to bowl to these top players to get them out as they are very good players in these conditions.\"Tendulkar, it may be recalled, was also Panesar's first wicket in Nagpur, in 2006, and the Sardar has now dismissed him thrice. While a lot has been made about Kevin Pietersen's vulnerability to left-arm-spinners, the fact that Tendulkar too has fallen to left-armspin 24 times is something that would be up for debate.Analysing the inputs of Mushtaq further, Panesar said, \"He has played a lot of cricket in the subcontinent and he understands the rhythm of the game out here. He helps me and Swann in how to understand the type of cricket that Indians play.\" And what exactly was Mushy's advice? \"He said we have to adjust to the flamboyant shots they play and accept it and try and bowl the next ball.\"For now though he can thank Mushy for making him feel like the 'King of the World' after getting the 'Prince of India'. Again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342541", "title": "Can't allow Bal Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park, says Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday said it would not be possible to allow a memorial for Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park given the high court's stand on the status of the ground. He also maintained that no formal proposal on the matter had come to him as yet.Meanwhile, the debate over the issue of setting up a memorial in the name of the late Shiv Sena supremo has become a political hotcake with parties crossing swords over the issue. While the Shiv Sena first raised the demand to have the memorial at Shivaji Park, corporators Sunil More (Congress) and Sandeep Deshpande (MNS), during the BMC's general body meeting on Thursday, asked for the memorial to be set up on the Indu Mills land.With the proposal to set up an international memorial of Babasaheb Ambedkar on the Indu Mills land being at an advanced stage, the Congress and its ministers in the government were quick to strike down any suggestion of a Thackeray memorial at Indu Mills. While the party issued More a showcause notice, Sachin Sawant, party spokesperson, also took a dig at MNS by terming the demand as \"mischievous\" and one aimed at \"disturbing social harmony.\" Congress ministers Nitin Raut and Varsha Gaikwad also criticized the suggestion. Raut said that it was an attempt to divide the Marathi pride (asmita). While refusing to be drawn into the controversy, CM Chavan said that it was clear that the Indu Mills land was being acquired for the specific purpose of constructing the Ambedkar memorial.The issue took another curious turn when the MNS also distanced itself from its corporator's suggestion. \"The MNS doesn't believe in merely raising statues and memorials to perpetuate the memory of a great leader. The party is of the considered view that a public welfare project should be constructed and named after the leader instead,\" said Anil Shidore, MNS general secretary, on Friday.Shidore said, \"It is MNS chief Raj Thackeray who expresses the party's view on crucial matters.\" Taking strong exception to Deshpande's suggestion, RPI (A) chief Ramdas Athavle had earlier said, \"The corporator (Deshpande) was not in his senses and the MNS should throw him out of the party.\" Political observers say that Deshpande's suggestion may upset the Dalit youths, many of who the MNS is keen on weaning from the Sena and the RPI.Meanwhile, Uddhav Thackeray on Friday immersed his father's ashes in the Arabian Sea at the Gateway of India. He was accompanied by relatives, including his son Aditya. Raj, too, briefly joined the family ritual.'Submit Chaityabhoomi proposal for green clearance'Even as the Indu Mills land transfer row continues, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday asked authorities to submit a revised proposal for the second stage of Chaityabhoomi revamp project for environmental clearance. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Sitaram Kunte was also asked to verify the ownership of the affected area. Works for reconstruction of an existing Stupa, where BabasahebAmbedkar's urn has been kept, and beautification of the surrounding area is to be taken up in the second phase. The Bhartiya Baudh Mahasabha has claimed ownership of the affected area and evinced interest in taking up work. In 2010, the union MoEF rejected a proposal submitted in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345889", "title": "Sanchi's Buddhist varsity to get int'l identity: Min", "text": "BHOPAL: Culture minister Laxmikant Sharma has said that efforts will be made to given an international-level identity to Buddhist and Indic Studies University to be established at Sanchi. He said that Sanchi is a special place for Buddhists living all over the world. Madhya Pradesh government will extend every possible cooperation to scholars who will undertake research on Buddhism and other religions.Sharma was addressing inaugural function of three-day Mahabodhi Mahotsav at Sanchi in Raisen district on Friday. Minister of state for farmer wealfare Brijendra Pratap Singh was also present on the occasion.Sharma said that chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's initiative to establish Buddhist and Indic Studies University at Sanchi displays his commitment to peace during a period when religious and other discords are emerging in the world.Mahabodhi Society, Sri Lanka's chairman Chetyagiri threw light on the event. Chetyagiri said that much cooperation has been extended by leader of opposition in Lok Sabha , Sushma Swaraj , state chief minister and state culture minister in organizing the Mahotsav. Followers of Buddhism from India and 11 countries are participating in the three-day Mahabodhi Mahotsav, which is held in November every year. Artistes from the country and abroad will also present cultural programmes during the three-day event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17347888", "title": "Kejriwal announces name of his party, calls it Aam Admi Party", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal's party was on Saturday named Aam Admi Party at a meeting of its founder members here during which the Constitution for the organization was also adopted.The meeting of around 300 founder members was held at Constitution Club during which Kejriwal proposed the name of the party which was accepted by other members, sources said.The Constitution of the party was also adopted at the meeting. It was proposed by Mayank Gandhi and seconded by Chandramohan, they said.The formation of the party came after a bitter split with Anna Hazare over the question of the anti-corruption movement taking a political plunge as Kejriwal desired.During the August fast, Hazare and Kejriwal ended the agitation saying they will work for providing a political alternative for the country to fight both Congress and BJP.However, both Hazare and Kejriwal announced parting of ways on September 19 following differences over forming a party with the former sticking to his position that the movement should remain apolitical.On October two, Kejriwal announced the formation of the party saying its official launch will be on November 26, the day Constitution was adopted in 1949.Ahead of the meeting, Kejriwal said today that common men, women, children are forming their party.\"They are not politicians. They are fed up of politicians. They are the people who are fed up of corruption and price rise. This is why the common man has decided to challenge them. Now the common man will sit in Parliament.\"Party's vision is Swaraj. People should get the 'raj'. That vision will be finalized. 25-30 issues will be discussed which all issues need to be taken first by the party. Committees will be formed. They will make drafts in four-five months. There will discussions through the country,\" he said.Activist Yogendra Yadav said that the party will have provisions against domination by one family.The meeting also saw some disagreement among a section of workers who were not allowed to attend it. A group from Tamil Nadu was seen arguing with a party coordinator on why they were not accommodated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342807", "title": "Power tariff drop likely in suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: The electricity tariff of over 28 lakh RInfra power consumers in suburban Mumbai is expected to reduce between 2013 and 2016 to compete with Tata Power Company (TPC).Against its existing Rs 7.48 per unit average cost of supply (ACS), the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Comission (MERC) on Friday allowed RInfra to bring down its ACS to an average of Rs 6.47 per unit which forms the base for tariff proposals to be submitted every year henceforth by RInfra for the next four years.According to MERC guidelines, the ACS method has to be followed by every state distributor. RInfra is considered to have the highest tariff for power distribution in the city. If RInfra sticks to this business plan while proposing tariff in future, then its ACS will closely compete with Tata Power Company, whose ACS currently stands the lowest at 6.33 per unit, and has already been announced by MERC.For 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 the ACS approved for Tata Power Company is Rs 6.32, Rs 6.48, Rs 6.64 and Rs 5.89 per unit respectively. TPC supplies power to over 3 lakh suburban consumers.Currently, since TPC is dependent on RInfra's wire network, its consumers have to pay extra charges which further pushes up its average cost of supply.For the next one year, MERC has allowed only those consumers using up to 300 units a month to cross over to TPC from RInfra to balance the subsidy burden among the two distributors and induce competition in their tariffs to benefit consumers.However, if one looks at BEST's average cost of supply proposal which awaits final MERC approval, the tariff of south Mumbai consumers may become the costliest with RInfra being allowed to reduce its ACS. BEST supplies power to around 10 lakh consumers in south Mumbai.BEST has proposed to hike its ACS to Rs 10.25 per unit from its existing Rs 8.91 per unit. BEST may have to charge an average cost of supply of Rs 10.85, Rs 11.39, Rs 9.98 and Rs 8.81 per unit in the years 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344619", "title": "Consumption of recreation drugs like marijuana should be decriminalized", "text": "Expelling students from an IIM for consuming marijuana in their hostel room is a case of the penalty being completely disproportionate to the alleged offence. We have argued in the past that consumption of a mild recreation drugs like marijuana should be decriminalized. For the moment, though, it remains a crime under our laws. To that extent, the IIM authorities have valid grounds for taking some action against the students. Yet, to expel them for such a small offence is absurd. Would they have been expelled if they had been caught drinking, for instance? We are not for encouraging the use of intoxicants, but we do believe that young adults should be allowed to make mistakes and learn from them.Related story:  3 IIM students expelled for smoking grass", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343838", "title": "Polls holding up road widening, says mayor", "text": "BANGALORE: If you think the Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has given a silent burial to its proposal to widen 216 roads in the city, think again. Road widening projects are certain to be back once the assembly elections are over.This revelation was made by none other than BBMP mayor D Venkatesh Murthy during an inspection tour of the city on Friday. BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel was accompanying the mayor.Murthy was passing through the busy Jagajivan Ram Nagar main road in Padarayanapura where road widening has been proposed, when he remarked that no road widening can be done even at crucial junctions, due to elections in the next six months.\"With assembly elections nearing, legislators will oppose road widening as they could lose public support. We cannot take up work even on the proposed corridors now,\" said Murthy.Asked if BBMP can think of an alternative to the Transfer of Development Rights (TDR) which is unacceptable to the public, Goel admitted there was no acceptance for TDR certificates in lieu of compensation within the city's limits.\"We are yet to think of an alternative. TDR may be accepted only on the outskirts of the city, where vacant land is available,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17347473", "title": "Youth who escaped Virar police custody rearrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old petty criminal who escaped from the custody of the Virar police in August has been rearrested by the Nalasopara police.Arjun Chouhan (20) was staying with his family at Santosh Bhuvan in Nalasopara (east).On August 14, he was picked up by the police in connection with a house breaking case in Virar.Arjun confessed to his crime and was later arrested. He was sent to police custody by the Vasai Sessions court.On August 15, Arjun went to the bathroom from where he managed to escape through the window. The police lodged a manhunt but were unsuccessful.On Friday, the Nalasopara police got a tip-off that Arjun had returned to his Nalasopara home.The police reached his home and arrested him. He was handed over to the Virar police.Arjun told the police that after escaping from custody he left for his native town in Uttar Pradesh. Arjun who has barely completed his class V, said that he was unable to find employment in his home town and was forced to return.He said that his parents who worked as labourers were unable to provide for his expenses. Arjun told the police that he returned to Nalasopara in search of work. Arjun said that he had got in house breaking as he had no other means of employment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17348098", "title": "Woman robbed of gold chain", "text": "HUBLI: Town police arrested a chain snatcher who tried to escape after snatching a gold chain of a woman near Karnataka Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry (KCC&I;) in JC Nagar on Thursday evening.Speaking to TOI, SM Sandigwad, CPI, town police station, said that Gadigeppa Hadapad, 20, resident of Hireharakuni in Kundagol taluk snatched a 15g gold chain of Vimala Patil, 45, a resident of Udaynagar in Keshwapur, while she was proceeding to her home. Soon after getting the information police rushed to the place and nabbed the accused. Town police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346469", "title": "2 women robbed of gold chains", "text": "INDORE: Two women were robbed of their gold chains in two separate incidents in city on Thursday evening.In the first incident, Neeta Patni, 45, wife of Mukesh Patni was returning from her sister's house in Mahesh Nagar when miscreants fled away with her chain. Neeta is a resident of Chauthi Paltan. Neeta had gone to meet her sister in Mahesh Nagar with one relative.They parked their vehicle near Mahesh Nagar Garden, and were busy in conversation when two bike-borne youths came and snatched her gold chain.Before they could react and even notice the bike's registration number, the chain-snatchers sped away.As per the complaint filed with Malharganj police, the gold chain was worth Rs 30,000.In another incident, the bike-borne chain snatchers targeted a 75-year-old woman in Saikripa Colony.The victim Tulsidevi Bais was wandering in a park near her residence when two bike-borne youths came and escaped with the gold chain.The shocked woman informed her family members about the incident and they reported the issue to Khajarana police. Accused were booked under sections 379 and 356 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17345861", "title": "Bokaro govt hospitals run out of anti-rabies vaccine", "text": "BOKARO: The district health department is facing a tough time meeting the requirements of anti-rabies vaccine here. For the past six months, the vaccines have run out of stock in government hospitals of the district.The health department has asked the government to provide the vaccines to meet the requirements in the government hospitals. Meanwhile, increase in the number of stray dogs has raised concern for the residents here. The victims, in large numbers, were seen returning from government hospitals because of the absence of anti-rabies vaccine. Civil surgeon Bokaro, S N Tiwary, said steps were being taken to make sure the vaccine is available in government hospitals of the district.\"We have sent a request letter to the health secretary and demanded sufficient stock of vaccines to meet the urgent demand. Since past six months, we do not have vaccines in our stock. We have also requested MPs and MLAs of the area to provide funds. MP Giridih Ravinder Pandey has provided Rs 1.5 lakh for anti-rabies vaccines. I hope we will get the vaccines soon,\" said Tiwary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344299", "title": "Sisters being abducted raise alarm, rescued", "text": "NAGPUR: An alleged plan to kidnap two girls aged 10 and 8 by a truck driver and his two accomplices was thwarted when the minors screamed and alerted their neighbours who intercepted and thrashed the abductors.Though the abductors managed to flee at that time with their vehicle, they were spotted later in the evening by the same girls spotted roaming in the area. They alerted their parents who then nabbed one of the culprits and handed him over to Jaripatka police. He is Shailesh Shinde (35), originally from Uttar Pradesh, and currently staying in city at Kapil Nagar Square. The other, Dinesh alias Mama, was arrested in the evening during patrolling by police.On Thursday evening, sisters Neha (10) and Sana (8) Ansari were playing near their home at Ramai Nagar on Nari road when two youths came to them and tried to lure by showing some money. \"One of the men gave me Rs 4 and said he would take me and my sister to buy a chocolate. We followed them but when he was lifting Sana to keep in truck's cabin, I sensed something wrong and shouted for my mother,\" said Neha.Seeing Neha shouting, Sana also started crying and this alerted the neighbours who rushed to rescue the girls. One of the neighbours told TOI that they saw a youth had gagged Sana to stop her from crying. Neha too told TOI that the abductor had gagged Sana. As people retrieved Sana from them, others beat up the abductors. However, they managed to escape. \"The got into the truck and fled,\" said the neighbour.Meanwhile, the girl's father Chhotesahab and Uncle Zaheer Ahmad, a political activist, who had been to offer namaz, were called. Ahmad said that they searched for the culprits around the area but failed. In the evening, Sana spotted Shinde loitering in the area and informed her father.\"I had told the girls that if they saw the abductors, they should inform me and the girl did it,\" said Ahmad. Ahmad and Chhotesahab then nabbed Shinde and handed him over to police. Investigating officer, PSI S B Jadhav who is still hunting for the third accused said that the girls had identified Dinesh too after his arrest. \"Neha confirmed he was the one who gave them Rs 4. Children can't tell a lie like this,\" he said.Jadhav said he suspected the culprits might be connected to a gang that kidnapped children for their exploitation. \"We are yet to interrogate the truck owner. We have informed the UP police and asked whether the duo has any past records,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17345978", "title": "India-Bangladesh to sign MoU to connect Agartala, Akhaura", "text": "AGARTALA: India and Bangladesh are all set to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) to lay railway tracks for connecting Agartala and the southeastern city of Akhaura in the neighbouring country.Officials here on Friday said that the Centre has been pursuing the connectivity of the two places via a 15-km railway link for the past two years since Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Bangladesh in 2010.The Union ministry of external affairs (MEA) and the Union ministry for Development of Northeast Region (DoNER) would finance the entire project, estimated at Rs 271 crore. India is in need of rail connectivity with Akhaura to connect with Chittagong international port, Sylhet and Dhaka.A seven-member inter-ministerial team led by Radhika L Lokesh, joint secretary in the MEA, is currently conducting an on-the-spot finalisation study at the Indian site in Agartala, officials here said, adding that the delegation would submit a report on the study so that both the countries can sign the MoU.The delegation comprises representatives of the MEA, the Union ministry of railways and DoNER ministry who had already visited the sites and held meetings with the state government, besides the first secretary of the High Commission of India in Dhaka.The Indian Railway Construction Company has been assigned the job of laying the railway tracks on both sides of the border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17343604", "title": "Tuition rates overtake school fees", "text": "CHENNAI: With her son moving into tenth standard, Hema Srinivasan set about making sure he was getting the best science, math and English tuition she could afford. She visited about a dozen teachers before she managed to find classes that would fit into her budget of Rs 72,000 a year.Many parents are shelling out huge amounts every year just for tuition classes, sometimes even as much or more than the school fees. Parents send children to tuition classes as they want perfect scores and find that the teaching in school is not enough.\"If I had hired the best teacher in all three subjects, it would have been more than Rs 72,000,\" says Srinivasan, whose in is in a school that follows the ICSE curriculum. Since she chose the best math tuition, which came at a higher cost, she found an English teacher whose rates were lower. \"I had to cut corners somewhere otherwise my budget would have gone through the roof,\" she says. Srinivasan's son's annual school fees are Rs 30,000. Srinivasan individual teachers turned out to be more economical as tuition centres charge much more per subject.A 2011 study by Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry of India on 'Steep Rise in Education Fees', found that school expenses, including tuition fees, have gone up from Rs 60,000 a year in 2005 to Rs 1.2 lakh per annum per child in 2011.Parents say that the Achiever Learning Company in Adyar, for instance, charges an average of Rs 20,000 per subject per month for one-on-one, two-hour sessions thrice a week. However, Professor Shubham who heads the centre told TOI that he charged between Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000 a year for group tuition classes. \"Our teachers are well-qualified. Some of them have even contributed to the textbooks that the students are studying, so we know that we are giving quality,\" he said. If students could not keep up with the group classes, one-on-one sessions were recommended, he added.The ASSOCHAM survey of 1,000 parents also showed that parents spent around 60% of their income on education, including coaching and extra-curricular activities. \"I know of families where the mother has been forced to start working to keep up with the rising school and tuition fees,\" said educational consultant KR Malaati.Bhuvana P started a beauty salon in her neighbourhood in Saidapet when her son entered class nine. \"I realized I could not rely only on my husband's earnings to pay the fees and the extra tuition. So now, we manage on both incomes, but even then there are months it gets difficult,\" she says.Many school teachers tutor students after school. \"For physics, I pay my son's school physics teacher Rs 64,000 a year to teach the same subject in her house. My son says he understands better at tuition than at school,\" says one mother. \"My question is: why can't she teach the same way in school?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343061", "title": "Murli Manohar Joshi questions timing of RP Singh's claims", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader and chairman of Parliament's Public Accounts Committee Murli Manohar Joshi rebutted ex-CAG official R P Singh's claims, saying they were an attempt by the government to tar institutions like the PAC and the federal auditor.\"I wonder why he is speaking today,\" Joshi said. \"Singh had made a similar statement after his retirement. But when we questioned him, he denied giving any interview. He was questioned on the issue by the Joint Parliamentary Committee as well but he failed to prove anything,\" he added.Joshi said there was nothing unusual about CAG officials assisting the PAC in the context of Singh's claim that officers called on the leader. CAG, on its part, denied its officials met Joshi while the 2G report was being prepared. The report reached the PAC only after it was tabled in Parliament.The PAC chair also alleged that Singh had not expressed any reservations while in service during which period he briefed the committee extensively on the report in the presence of CAG Vinod Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17343664", "title": "Ahmedabad gears up for tazia procession", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city is geared up for the tenth day of Muharram, observed worldwide to mourn the martyrdom of Hazrat Hussain, the grandson of Prophet Mohammad, in Karbala, Iraq, some 1,400 years ago. According to the city taziya committee, 93 taziyas will participate in the procession mainly in the Walled City areas. The city traffic police have devised diversions and routes for the procession to ensure smooth passage for commuters.J V Momin, president of the Ahmedabad Taziya Committee, said that this year 93 decorated taziyas, 32 akhadas, 78 dhol and percussion groups, 16 camel carts and 12 trucks will form the main procession. \"Ahmedabad had the record for taziyas even before Independence,\" Momin said. \"During the British Raj, the collector's office, the superintendent of police's office, and the railways had their own taziyas in the procession. The tradition was discontinued after Independence. Several traditional taziyas are more than 100 years old. Bada Imamwada in Jamalpur has a continuous history of 125 taziyas.\"For the city police, the procession will be a day-long exercise as more than 2,000 policemen and home guards will be deployed on the roads and the procession route. While the major tazia will be immersed in the Sabarmati river in the traditional way, civic authorities have constructed artificial tanks on the banks of the Sabarmati for 'mannat ka tazia' that are smaller. Every year, more than 2,000 such tazias are immersed in the river, said authorities.Cops' plan for smooth passageDinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that 300 traffic policemen would be deployed on the route of the procession and its periphery, on Sunday. \"The entire route of the procession will be a no-parking zone from 3 pm to midnight,\" he said. \"Most of the roads between Delhi Darwaza to Sarangpur circle will be no-entry zones for vehicles. Citizens are requested to adhere to instructions.\"According to the city traffic officials, the Nehru Bridge will be one-way as vehicles from Walled City will be able to come to Ashram Road and not vice versa. Similarly, most of the roads feeding to the Bhadra will be closed. The road between Delhi Darwaza to Mirzapur court will be closed as will be the road from Danapith Circle to Sarangpur Crossroads. Authorities have requested the AMC to defer the Sunday market near Ellisbridge for the day so as not to create traffic snarls. Parmar briefed traffic policemen on Thursday about the arrangements at Kalupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344654", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcEight complaints against BSF officer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prior to being trapped by CBI, deputy financial adviser of BSF Charu Narang Thakur was already under the scanner of BSF officials with eight complaints received against her. Sources in CBI said BSF officials of Chandigarh region have shared some of the complaints against Thakur with CBI Delhi, following which local sleuths of CBI in Chandigarh were forwarded some specific information about the deal between accused Thakur and Ludhiana-based businessman Sandeep Mehra on Thursday.DFA Thakur, a 1998 batch Indian Post &amp; Telecommunication Accounts &amp; Finance officer, and businessman Mehra were arrested for allegedly taking and giving a bribe of Rs 1.80 lakh in the office of the latter in Landran, Mohali. Sandeep Mehra has a contract of supplying cloth to BSF jawans in different areas. Additional director general, BSF Himmat Singh said, \"We received complaints against Thakur and considering the nature of the complaints we shared these with CBI officials in Delhi.\"He said Thakur joined as DFA in BSF on deputation in January, 2010. She was authorized to clear financial matters. Interestingly, she was the first appointed DFA with BSF. The bribe of Rs 1.80 lakh was being accepted by Thakur for clearing a tender in the favour of co-accused Mehra, who has signed a contract for supplying uniforms to BSF personnel in Chandigarh. They were sent in two-day police custody on Thursday and will be produced in special CBI court in Patiala on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343235", "title": "Six-cylinder annual LPG cap under review: Veerappa Moily", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is looking into demands for raising the six-cylinder annual cap on supply of subsidized cooking gas refills to each family, oil minister M Veerappa Moily told the Lok Sabha in a written reply on Friday.Separately, minister of state for petroleum Panabaaka Lakshmi told the House that state-run fuel retailers have issued more than 10 lakh new cooking gas connections since the government capped the supply of subsidized cylinders per family.ToI had on November 3 first reported that a higher cap of nine subsidized cylinders \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if not complete abolition with a marginal hike in price \u00e2\u20ac\u201d after the poll code in effect for Gujarat elections was on the oil ministry's discussion table, though a formal proposal was yet to be put on paper.The government had decided to cap supply of subsidized cylinders on September 13 to check the subsidy burden. As per the new norm, any requirement beyond this number would have to be bought at market rate, which at present is pegged at Rs 895.50 per refill against the subsidized price of Rs 410.50 in Delhi.Moily said for the purpose of issuing subsidized cylinders, a family is considered to be consisting of husband, wife, unmarried children and dependent parents living together in a dwelling unit having common kitchen.The state-run fuel retailers are weeding out consumers with multiple connections. The retailers have put up on their websites a list of customers suspected to have multiple connections, Moily said adding only such customers have been asked to submit the KYC (know your customer) verification form to the LPG distributors to prove their bona fide.So far, over a million connections have been blocked and of these 241,000 have been surrendered, he said. \"Oil marketing companies have blocked 55,41,887 LPG connections during ongoing KYC drive in an effort to stop diversion of subsidized domestic LPG,\" Moily said.Multiple LPG connections in different names at the same address and same-name-same-address have been allowed by converting them into market priced supplies, he added.\"The oil marketing companies are currently incurring under-recovery (loss) of Rs 478.50 per 14.2-kg subsidized domestic LPG cylinder,\" Moily said. They incurred a revenue loss of Rs 138,541 crore on sale of diesel, kerosene and domestic LPG at government controlled rates in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17344411", "title": "Rejected \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBeatles\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 audition tape found", "text": "LONDON: The Beatles' audition tape, that was infamously rejected by a record company boss, has been discovered after 50 years and is being sold at an auction.In what came to be known as one of the worst decisions in music history, Decca producer Dick Rowe turned the group down, believing \"guitar groups are on the way out\" . John Lennon , Paul McCartney , George Harrison and original drummer Pete Best ended up signing with EMI. Ringo Starr later replaced Best.The group were also told by Rowe that 'they had no future in show business' following the 1962 audition, during which they recorded a ten-track demo tape, Daily Mail said. The original tape recorded on New Year's day 1962 has come to public light for the first time.It is thought the Beatles's manager Brian Epstein held on to the tape, he had paid to make, and later gave it to an executive associated with EMI. He sold it in 2002 to a prolific buyer of music memorabilia, who is now selling with a pre-sale estimate of \u00c2\u00a330,000.The 10 tracks include Money (That's What I Want), Like Dreamers Do, Take Good Care Of My Baby , Three Cool Cats, Love Of The Loved, Memphis and Crying Waiting Hoping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347392", "title": "Traffic diversions due to Moharram processions", "text": "KANPUR: The traffic police of Kanpur Nagar have imposed traffic restrictions and diversions due to Alam processions to be taken out on the occasion of Moharram on November 24. SP traffic police said the route diversions would be effective from 4pm.No vehicular movement would be allowed from Rocket Tiraha towards Murray Company bridge and Phoolbagh. The traffic would have to move towards Cantonment police station and to VIP road via Jaipuria crossing, Panchakki crossing, Jhari Baba ka parao and Bhagwat Das ghat.Traffic from VIP road to Mall road would be diverted from Charles company crossing to Jhari baba parao and move to Murray Company via Panchakki crossing. Similarly, traffic coming fom Jajmau would move towards Naronha crossing or Jhari Baba ka parao from Panchakki crossing.Entry of heavy vehicles would be prohibited in areas under Chamanganj, Beconganj, Bajaria, Colonelganj, Gwaltoli, and Anwarganj police station areas on November 24 and 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17347389", "title": "News Media insists BCCI's own rules can end dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: The international news media has insisted the Indian cricket board (BCCI) can resolve the dispute over the photo coverage of the India-England Test series through its own existing media rules.According to the News Media Coalition (NMC), an international organisation which defends the ability of the press to inform the public with independent news material, the issue could be sorted out easily.\"All of this is avoidable and without the BCCI having to shift its stance,\" said the NMC.\"The BCCI's own rules on media attendance at matches already prohibit activities the BCCI wants to control. Perhaps they would like to look up their own rules. In addition, news organisations themselves attach restrictions on the use of their content to ensure that it cannot be used for anything other than editorial purposes,\" it added.The BCCI's decision to lock out Getty Images, Action Images and two Indian photo agencies from covering the India-England series, had resulted in Reuters, AFP and AP suspending reports about the tour as well as pictures.The Press Association, national agency in the United Kingdom, is also not supplying photographs.The barring of reputable international photo-agencies has virtually halted the global distribution of photographs of England cricket team's tour to India.The news organisations have also questioned the BCCI on its version of events concerning the Board's own distribution of photographs in place of those from photo news agencies.\"It appears to us that the BCCI was announcing plans to sell or give away its own photographs 10 days before the first Test and a week before international news agencies decided to suspend coverage.\"The BCCI's latest justification implies it put this in place after coverage was withdrawn. At best the BCCI seems rather confused,\" said the NMC, which is backed by numerous newspaper publishers, news agencies and industry bodies around the world.Earlier Kevan Gosper, Chairman, International Olympic Committee Press Commission, said of the BCCI, \"The IOC strongly disagrees with these moves by the BCCI, which we believe are a direct attack on the freedom of the media to report from sporting events, and shows contempt for the sporting public around the world who would otherwise like to follow these important matches.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17342933", "title": "Drug smuggler sentenced to 15 years imprisonment", "text": "AJMER: A special NDPC court in Bhilwara sentenced a person to 15 years after he was found guilty of carrying 305 kg of afim ( opium) in 2006. The court also fined him with Rs 1.5 lakh. Another accused in case was absconding after taking interim bail in February. This is one of the biggest incident of narcotics smuggling in the state in which large amount of afim was seized.The guilty has been identified as Ranjeet Singh of Jhodpur. The other accused who jumped bail is identified as Jagram Panwar of Osia nagar of Jaipur. According to Jaffer Ahmed, special prosecutor of the Narcotics Control Bureau, the culprits were arrested on the morning August 24, 2006 near the dak bungalow and the contraband was recovered from a Scorpio car. They were going to Bhilwara. \"As soon as the accused came to know about the police action, they tried to fled from the scene and broke the railway crossing gate. But the police managed to catch them,\" Ahmed said.Police found 305 kg of afim from their car and registered a case agaisnt them. The prosecution had filed a 300-page chargesheet against the accused.During trial, Jagram filed an interim bail application saying his wife was sick. He got an interim bail for a month but turned an absconder. The court reserved its verdict against Jagram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344701", "title": "No stay on plastic ban, HC promises quick verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday refused to stay the Delhi government's notification imposing a blanket ban on plastic bags in the capital.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw declined to entertain a submission on behalf of a plastic manufactures' association to stay the ban, but promised the petitioner it will dispose of the matter soon. The case will now come up for hearing on November 27.HC was hearing the All India Plastic Industries Association's (AIPIA) plea against the government's notification imposing a blanket ban on the usage of plastic bags from November 23. It asked the court to \"declare impugned the notification dated October 23, 2012, null and void being ultra vires to the Parent Act, i.e. Environment Protection Act, 1968, and rules framed thereunder\". The petitioners contended that the notification also violated their fundamental rights.They had earlier told the court that the government exceeded its jurisdiction while issuing the notification as only the central government is authorized to do it. The plea said the government acted in \"haste without deciding the question of legal competence\" while issuing the notification. It claimed the issue of jurisdiction is pending before the Supreme Court.\"The Delhi government in a fanatic pursuit to endorse its pre-determined agenda of completely closing down the plastic bags industry in arbitrary and unreasonable manner, brushed aside the objections of the petitioners,\" the manufacturers said.The petition further argued, \"The notification, banning the manufacturing of plastic bags would jeopardize livelihoods of lakhs of people directly and indirectly associated with the plastic bags industry and the business of petitioner and constituent members shall come to a standstill.\"According to the notification, no person can manufacture, import, store, sell or transport any kind of plastic bag in the city. With the ban coming into effect from Friday, all kinds of plastic bags, even those used to cover magazines, books or invitation cards, will not be allowed. The notification bars even garbage bags from being used. The ban, however, will not affect the use of plastic specified under the Bio-medical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 1998. Plastic used to pack food products such as milk, flour bags and plastic cups largely used by tea vendors will be allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17344796", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment drive shuts 25 open meat shops in Cidco", "text": "NASHIK: The anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Friday undertook a demolition drive in Cidco area of the city and removed around 25 open meat shops.The civic administration has already started a drive to shut all open meat shops across all six divisions of the NMC. Around 125 open meat shops have been closed down across the city over the past four days.The department commenced the drive after the directive of the Standing Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse to shut all open meat shops across the city immediately.The decision in this connection had been taken at a Standing Committee's meeting in the first week of November after all party members drew the attention of the NMC administration towards sale of meat at open spaces along the roads across city, which was attracting stray dogs.D T Gotise, deputy commissioner (encroachment), NMC, said, \"We have already started taking action against the open meat shops across the city. The drive has been started in all six divisions of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). So far, around 25 open meat shops have been shut in each division so far. All open meat shops will be closed down in the next two three days.\"He added that dive to close open meat shops was conducted on Friday in Cidco area of the city and meat shops operating in the open were closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343080", "title": "Go for a defanged Lokpal, advises House panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Restricting the purview of the anti-corruption watchdog a parliamentary panel has recommended that government-aided institutions will be excluded and delinked the setting up of Lokayuktas in states from the ambit of the Lokpal Bill.The select committee, which tabled its report in the Rajya Sabha amid a din on Friday, has sought to establish a separate directorate of prosecution whose chief will be appointed by the CVC but will work under the CBI director. The PM has been included in the ambit of Lokpal except on issues of external and internal security, atomic energy, international relations and public order.The report has also recommended changes in the procedure of inquiry allowing for a government official accused of corruption to be heard only after the investigation is over unlike earlier when the accused was given an opportunity after a preliminary inquiry itself.The report has been panned by India Against Corruption's Arvind Kejriwal who called it a \"whitewash\". Civil rights groups have also opposed the bill's provisions reiterating their demand that Lokayukta and government-aided institutions be included and CBI be made independent of government.The report makes it mandatory for states to have a Lokayukta within one year of the Lokpal Act coming into force, but give them the freedom in creating their own laws to set up ombudsman at their level.The report was tabled by Committee member Shantaram Naik amid pandemonium created by members of Samajwadi Party and BSP over reservation for SCs and STs in promotions in government jobs.The panel has recommended streamlining the procedure for conduct of preliminary inquiry and investigation by the Lokpal. It said the ombudsman, on receipt of a complaint, is authorized to directly order probe where there exists a prima facie case. It has suggested doing away with giving an opportunity to a government official to be heard as it is not in consonance with the accepted criminal procedure.The previous bill included societies, trusts, wholly or partially aided by government within its purview. In the recommendations, the committee has omitted \"aided\" institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17341940", "title": "Speeding bus crushes woman to death", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A woman was crushed to death when a private bus knocked her down and dragged her body for over 50 metres on the road. The deceased has been identified as Suharabi alias Laila (40), wife of Jafar.After knocking down the woman the bus hit a bike, injuring two persons on the bike. Sakkir, who was seriously injured, was shifted to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH). The second injured, identified as Babinas, was admitted to the Beach General hospital.The incident occurred at Puthiyakadavu, near Thoppayil, at 5pm when the overspeeding bus, Kl 13 G 8413, knocked down Suharabi, who was crossing the road. She died on the spot.Police said Suharabi was going to the ration shop near her house when the incident occured.Unrest prevailed in the region as a group of fishermen from Thoppayil reached spot mmediately after the incidentimmediately after the incident and attacked the bus. Locals blocked the road and attempted to torch the bus as the driver of the bus fled from the spotsoon after the accident. Police team from Vellayil station reached the spot and reached the spot andtook the bus into custody.Suharabi' body was shifted to KMCH for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17347944", "title": "Drive to impart legal literacy gets under way", "text": "MANGALORE: Legal awareness will come on wheels to people of Dakshina Kannada, literally, thanks to an initiative of Dakshina Kannada District Legal Services Authority.A three-day campaign to impart legal literacy to the rural populace, a mobile Janata Adalat campaign that KN Vijayaprakash, chief executive officer, Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat, inaugurated here on Friday, will traverse to rural areas of the district till Monday.The main aim of the campaign is to impart legal knowledge to the common people and if need be extend to them legal assistance to sort out legal issues that they may have amicably. The purpose of such a move will lessen the chances of people knocking the doors of justice needlessly and wait for a long time seeking justice. Assisting the authority in this endeavour is the district administration, police, zilla panchayat among other agencies.The principal district and sessions judge Ashok G Nijagannavar, deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda, Mangalore Bar Association president P Ashok Ariga, deputy commissioner of police (crime and traffic) D Dharmaiah and other guests were present at the inauguration. Ashok Nijagannavar said ignorance of the law is not an excuse. Later, Ashok Nijagannavar accompanied by the deputy commissioner and other officials inspected the ongoing work of the district court complex on the district and sessions court premises. DC NS Channappa Gowda directed the engineers of public works department to complete the work by December end at the latest. The DC also discussed the issue of interior design of the court complex as well as court hall dais with engineers concerned. K Harish Kumar, commissioner, MCC was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344503", "title": "Anuradha Mukherjee appointed as new vice-chancellor of Kazi Nazrul Islam University", "text": "KOLKATA: Anuradha Mukherjee has been appointed as the new vice-chancellor of Kazi Nazrul Islam University in Asansol. Mukherjee is from the department of physics at Jadavpur University. Indrajeet Roy, a teacher from the commerce department of North Bengal University, has been appointed as the new vice-chancellor of Panchanan Burman University of Cooch Behar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342130", "title": "New attraction at Marina for next 3 days", "text": "CHENNAI: For the next three days, there will be one more sight greeting visitors at the Marina Beach: A large, bright red art installation made of benches stacked together was put up near the Lighthouse on Friday.All of Friday, a team of architects, artists and labourers slowly hoisted 300 benches into place to create the massive cuboid that is supposed to raise awareness about education. Work was impeded by the light rain that fell in the afternoon. By 7.30pm, the work was almost done and drew even more curious onlookers.The installation, which will be at the beach till Sunday evening, was put up by non-profit organization CRY as part of its 'Stack It Up' campaign to raise awareness about children's right to education. Similar public art installations are being done in five other cities.\"The benches reflect the furniture that schools here use and depict the need to focus on this seemingly simple, yet critical part of our social infrastructure - children's education,\" said Malavika Rao, an architect who was part of a team that designed the installation.Inside the structure, thin ropes have been used to create a web-like mesh that covers the hollow structure. During the three days that the installation will be open to public, each visitor will be given a balloon to release into the space inside the installation. The balloons are meant to depict the aspirations of students, said Rao.The installation is also a way to promote urban art. \"Our city is filled with a number of monuments but not many have thought about creating urban art. We want people to know about the need for installations in public spaces,\" said Rao. Though Chennai has a number of statues, not much is done to bring contemporary art into public spaces.On Sunday evening, children from various non-profit organizations will visit the installation and the balloons will be released from the enclosure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17347412", "title": "Fog disrupts flights at Hyderabad airport", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dense fog disrupted flight operations at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport early Saturday.At least five flights, two of them international, were diverted to Bangalore due to poor visibility and an equal number of flights could not take off, an airport spokesperson told IANS.The fog hit the flight operations between 5.30-7am. Flights coming from Dubai, Muscat, Chennai (two flights) and Mumbai were diverted to Bangalore. The flights returned to the Hyderabad airport after the runway was cleared.The official said five outbound flights were also delayed due to the fog. This is the first time this winter that fog has hit the flight services at the airport, located at Shamshabad, about 25 km from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343917", "title": "Credai calls Realty Bill 'retrograde'", "text": "PUNE: The Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India (Credai) has come down heavily on the proposed RERA (Real Estate Regulatory Act), calling it a retrograde. The apex body of developers said the sweeping powers sought to be vested with the regulatory authority will only increase corruption by manifold, instead of checking social malady.Credai President Lalit Kumar Jain said in a statement that the draconian provisions (of the bill) are against consumer interest and are reminiscent of the British Raj. \"We welcome the Union government's noble intention to assist consumers in real estate industry, but the realty regulator bill in its present shape and form doesn't solve the problem; rather it proves to be inflationary and breeding ground for corruption,\" Jain said.Jain pointed out that RERA seeks to grant registrations manually and even empowers the regulator to reject registration. It also gives discriminatory powers to the authority to cancel registrations, Jain said, adding \"This is dangerous and will lead to greasing the palms and all such cost is bound to be passed onto the end buyer.\"He expressed the apprehension that the regulatory provisions will create fearpsychosis , thus discouraging the younger generation of entrepreneurs from entering the business. \"Credai wants a true regulator which will govern all stakeholders and can have powers to ensure that no delays occur due to other stakeholders, like planning authorities,\" he said.In fact, the consumer redressal forum should be strengthened by adding a chapter on real estate and to empower it, Jain suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347165", "title": "Dev Dhillon presents Mulakaat", "text": "Following on Dev Dhillon's 'Hor Nachna' and 'Ankhi' singles taken from the forthcoming album 'Mulakaat' the 8 track album is out now. Music is is by Aman Hayer.Dev spoke about the album, \"There are four video ready from the album and we are going to shoot few more in India soon. There are 8 songs in the album, music by Aman Hayer. The album is releasing via the Moviebox label in the UK and Elite Music in India.\"The track has - Kunjiya, Ankhi, Mulakaat, Jatt de Mashook, Ankha, Gidha, Hor Nachna and Kundiya songs.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344647", "title": "Psychiatrist held for certifying woman mentally ill", "text": "A psychiatrist, who allegedly issued a false certificate declaring a healthy woman as mentally challenged, was arrested by Vanasthalipuram police on Friday. Cyberabad police said, A Shekhar Reddy, a private practitioner, was approached by advocate B Sriramulu for a certificate declaring his wife B Manjula mentally unsound. \"On the request of Sriramulu, Shekhar issued a false certificate and a few prescriptions which declared that Nirmala was mentally unsound. Actually she is mentally and physically sound. During investigation, it was found that Sriramulu hatched this plan to cite it as a reason for divorce,'' Vanasthalipuram SI B Raju said. Manjula lodged a complaint with police on October 31. \"Sriramulu is an alcoholic and has been trying to persuade Manjulu to divorce him. As she did not accept his demand, he hatched the plan to declare her as mentally unsound by taking a certificate from the doctor,'' police said. Earlier, a case of dowry harassment was registered against Sriramulu. tnnThe doctor was arrested and sent to judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17348035", "title": "Sportsmen's tall dreams dwarfed by govt apathy", "text": "HASSAN: The plight of these two sportspersons in Hassan speaks volumes about the support extended by the government to the differently abled.R Chethan brought glory to the Indian team when he won the gold medal in badminton in the World Dwarf Games - 2009 held in Ireland. But a surgery a year later prevented him from participating in the world meet in China in 2010 and helped the government to conveniently forget its promises. Chethan deserves a government job as he has won a gold medal in an international sports meet, but this has also been denied to him.Speaking to The Times of India, Chethan's father, Ramashetty, describes how his son's passion for sports has not decreased despite the surgery. \"Doctors have advised him against playing for the next few years. Despite that, he continues to participate in selection meets without our knowledge,\" he says.After winning the gold in World Dwarf Games, Chethan wanted to win an Olympic medal. But the problem with his spinal cord has nipped his sports career in the bud. He is now pursuing a master's degree in commerce.During the World Dwarf Games in Ireland, the state government had paid only Rs 25,000, while the remaining Rs 1.25 lakh was pooled in from the family savings. After he won the gold in badminton, the government paid him another Rs 25,000.Till date, Chethan has won three gold medals in international events, 15 medals in national-level events and many more medals in state-level meets.In spite of this, Chethan has received no help from the government, but there have been plenty of assurances and promises of government jobs.On May 17, 2010, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa felicitated Chethan and announced a grant of Rs 1 lakh from the state government.\"We went to Bangalore several times to claim the grant, but it has only remained an assurance,\" Ramashetty said. Similarly, former district in-charge minister Somanna also assured a housing site in Hassan, which has remained a promise too.'No money for Olympics' !Shantha Kumar's story is similar to Chethan's. The 22-year-old is 3.3ft tall, a commerce graduate and an all-rounder in sports. The only son of Rajashetti and Rajaratna of Kollangi, Arakalagudu taluk, Hassan, Kumar has won 17 medals in national-level dwarf sports meet, including seven gold medals.He has brought laurels to his district and has encouraged many to follow in his footsteps. Kumar has now been selected to participate in the London Dwarf Olympics-2013, but his family cannot afford it. Kumar earns a meager monthly salary of Rs 700 working at the village panchayat.\"I am confident of winning a gold in the London Dwarf Olympics, but I do not have the money,\" Kumar laments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343907", "title": "Home minister RR Patil announces salary hike for jail police", "text": "PUNE: State home minister R R Patil announced here on Friday that jail guards will now get salaries and other benefits, like medical facilities, on par with police constables in the state police.Patil was speaking at the closing ceremony of the 10th Maharashtra police duty meet, 2011, held at state reserve police force in Ramtekdi.Following the announcement, salaries of nearly 1,500 jail guards in the state will increase by Rs 2,500. Their basic pay will also increase as they will be eligible for some special allowances, which the state police are getting.Patil said the Mumbai police and the state prison department had done an exceptional job during the execution of Ajmal Kasab at the Yerawada central prison on Wednesday. \"We will reward the jail officers and the jail guards who were involved in the operation,\" Patil said.Patil said the state government followed all the legal procedures to secure the death sentence for Kasab from the court. \"His execution was also done in a fine manner by officers, including two women officers Medha Gadgil, principal secretary, home department (appeals and security), and additional director general of police (prison department) Meeran Chadha Borwankar,\" Patil said.Patil said after Kasab's execution, he asked Borwankar what she would like as a reward for such a fine job. \"Borwankar told me that there was quite a difference between the salaries of state police and the jail guards and urged me to look into the matter,\" he said.Patil said the 26/11 attack on Mumbai was an attack on the power centre of the nation. The plan had been hatched in Pakistan . \"The 10 terrorists killed senior police officers, police constables and innocent people in Mumbai and also destroyed property worth crores of rupees,\" Patil added.Patil said the Mumbai police and the National Security Guard commandos killed nine of the 10 terrorists, while the police managed to nab Kasab alive. \"This was probably the first case in the world that a terrorist was caught alive,\" Patil added.Patil said hence forth the salaries of state police and jail police will be at par. \"Jail police will also get the medical facilities like the state police,\" he added.Patil said there were several vacant posts in the state prison department. \"I know that along with the prison department, posts in the state criminal investigation department and other branches are vacant. I have got a proposal regarding this. We will hold a meeting within the next 15 days and will take a decision soon\". tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344442", "title": "Woman wields pistol at youth", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama prevailed at the Chandigarh carnival when a 25-year-old woman brandished an unloaded pistol at a 20-year-old college student after an argument. The girl, who recently graduated, was embroiled in a dispute with the boy over parking a few days ago. When she saw him at Leisure Valley, she told her friends, a youth and a woman accompanying her, about the previous argument. She confronted the student again, this time taking her friend's unloaded pistol from the SUV they were travelling in.The students' friends raised the alarm and police arrived. Both parties were taken to the Sector 3 police station, where the student and his friends insisted on registration of a case. By around 9 pm, a compromise was struck. The girl is a resident of Sector 38 while the boy, who is from Morinda, stays in a college hostel.People at the Chandigarh carnival were stunned at the sight of the girl aiming for the boy's head. Ankit Sharma, an engineering student and a resident of Mohali, said, \"I came to see the carnival with my friends. We ran to the spot on hearing people screaming and saw the girl taking aim at the boy. It was a horrifying sight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344006", "title": "Haryana: Land allottment quashed, Subhash Ghai wants Rs 90L back from panchayat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Noted Bollywood producer-director Subhash Ghai , who was allotted 20 acre land near Badsha village of Jhajjar in Haryana to set up a film institute, moved an application before the HC on Friday seeking reimbursement of Rs 90 lakh from the village panchayat. Ghai has contended that he had spent this amount to improve the allotted land.On September 11, the HC had quashed the allotment of the said land, which was purchased by Ghai's Mukta Arts from the village panchayat. In his application, which came up for hearing before the HC on Friday, Ghai has stated that he had pumped in around Rs 90 lakh on the construction of wall and improvement of the 20-acre land that was purchased by him in 2011.Ghai added that since he has handed over the possession of the land to village panchayat in persuance of HC orders, the panchayat is liable to return the expenses spent by him on its improvement. Taking up Ghai's plea, the HC has adjourned the case for December 7 for further hearing. Meanwhile, the court has also asked Ghai's counsel to seek instructions from the director if he is willing to get reimbursement by selling the debris after removing the boundary wall and other structures constructed by him on the allotted land.Badhsa gram panchayat had sent a resolution to the Haryana government on January 6, 2010, to permit it to sell the 20-acre land to Mukta Arts. Thereafter, the state government allowed the panchayat to sell the land in September for Rs 8.02 crore, which included the land price and annuity.Alleging that the Haryana government machinery connived with Ghai despite the fact that the filmmaker wanted land for private purpose, a retired government teacher had moved the HC seeking directions to quash the allotment of the said land. He had contended that the decision to sell the land to Mukta Arts from the village panchayat was taken under pressure and not by free will. It was also alleged that the land was sold to Ghai in 2010 for public purpose but he had put it to private use. Finally, the HC had quashed the allotment of the village land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17345948", "title": "One held for raping constable's wife", "text": "RANCHI: The 25-year-old wife of a district police constable was raped by her neighbor in Indrapuri locality here on Friday.The woman was raped by Gurucharan Chatambar who lived on the same premises. In her complaint, the victim alleged that Chatambar barged into her house as soon as her husband Awnesh Kisku went out for some work in the afternoon.Officer-in-charge of Sukhdeo Nagar police station Ashok Kumar Giri said, \"The accused has been arrested and the victim has been sent for medical examination.\"DC urges to look after malnourished kids: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan directed the Unicef and district welfare department to identify such children who are suffering from malnutrition owing to poverty which forces them to engage in criminal activities.\"Young children are the future of India and efforts should be taken to educate them so that they can be brought to the mainstream society.\" Citing examples, he said Reformatory School established in Hazaribag more than 100 years ago have reformed juvenile delinquents who are now self-sufficient and employed in Kolkata and other big cities.The DC appealed to all to be sensitive to such children and see to it that they are reformed with the help of proper guidance. He also asked the BDOs to inspect and meet the anganbari project in-charge in the blocks so that they can conduct a survey on whether the condition of 1,100 children who were suffering from malnutrition and were adopted by officials, doctors, citizens and businessmen of Hazaribag are receiving proper benefits from the financial assistance.He asked them to submit reports to him so that if required the period of benefit can be extended.He also set targets for each anganbari centres operating in the district and asked them to bring at least five new born females in their areas under the Laxmi Ladli Yojana of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17347296", "title": "Heritage facing oblivion", "text": "VARANASI: Encompassing a gothic style main building, an ASI protected monument, a collection of around 1.25 lakh ancient manuscripts, an archaeological museum and an ancient observatory, Sampurnanad Sanskrit University (SSU) premises has been a storehouse of heritage ever since its establishment in 1791.Despite their glorious past, however, the heritage structures located in the middle of the busy Lahurabir-Jagatganj area have become victims of sheer neglect. The gothic-style building of the varsity which attracts passersby, tourists and scholars from faraway places is in a shambles from inside.Built in 1852 by Major Markhan Kittoe, the main academic building of the university is believed to be one of the very few building with gothic architecture in the country. The inner walls of the main hall of the building have inscriptions in Sanskrit, Persian, English and even Islamic languages. Many symbols and inscriptions on the walls are now indecipherable. While the old lecture halls inside the building have already collapsed, the rickety ceiling of the building has been given support with bamboo sticks.It may be mentioned here that the university authorities have already missed a chance to renovate the building in 2011 when they failed to use the budget of Rs 755.79 lakh sanctioned for the purpose. The sanctioned fund eventually lapsed due to non-utilisation. According to the vice chancellor, SSU, Prof BP Mishra, the fund could not be utilised because there were no clear rules, terms and conditions described and elaborated by the government on how to spend the money.University engineer RB Singh explained, \"The government decided that Construction and Design Services (CNDS), Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam under the supervision of Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) must finish the entire work in two years' time. However, the first installment of Rs 1,51,16,000 was not transferred to CNDS in the financial year 2011-2012 and the money went back to the government.\" A proposal for the same amount has been sent to the government and the fund is expected in the next financial year, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17347997", "title": "'Work as a team for patients' good'", "text": "MANGALORE: \"Doctors, nurses and other professionals attached to healthcare sector should work like a team. They should not let their egos clash while treating a patient. They all play important roles in various stages of the treatment,\" said K Mohandas, vice-chancellor of Kerala University of Health Sciences while addressing a gathering at Neuraxis - 2012, a national neurophysiotherapy colloquium, organized by Father Muller Medical College here on Friday.Observing that the cost of healthcare is skyrocketing, he said, \"We should give more focus on preventing diseases than building super specialty hospitals.\" Later dwelling on the same aspect, Rev FR Patrick Rodrigues, director of FMMC said there is a lack of confidence and cooperation among physicians, physiotherapists, neurologists and other medical professionals. \"Everyone should work together for the goodwill of patients,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344648", "title": "'Shop signs must be in Telugu'", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move that will affect shops and establishments across the state, the department of labour on Friday issued an order directing all business establishments to put up their sign boards in Telugu as well. The shops and establishments have been given a month's time to comply with the order, failing which the department has warned that the name boards will be taken away and a penalty levied on the owner.The move is seen as a renewed vigour on the part of the state to promote the Telugu language. Recently, former minister Mandali Buddha Prasad was appointed chairman of the official language commission.\"In case, the shops and establishments do not follow the instructions, steps will be taken to remove the name boards not bearing their name in Telugu and, at the same time, prosecution will be launched against them as per the provisions of Rule 29 (13) of AP Shops and Establishments Act,\" the labour commissioner warned.The commissioner of labour also warned that the renewal of their registration certificates under AP Shops and Establishments Act will not be done unless they comply with the order. \"The decision will come into force immediately though a grace period of one month will be given. Responsibility of supervision of the decision has been allotted to area-wise labour department officials,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344837", "title": "Will the government hear them out?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite being empowered by the Delhi high court to take a driving test, hearing-impaired people continue to be barred from it. HC gave a verdict last February allowing totally deaf people to take the test, though it clarified that any further privilege as a special category could not be granted.\"We are obliged to certify that if an applicant is totally deaf, he has to be called for the test if he applies for a learner's licence without the medical certificate. And if he passes the test as required under Rule 11, he shall be granted the learner's licence,\" says the order. It adds, \"If a person belonging to the said category satisfies the necessary criteria, he shall be allowed to obtain the licence.\"One and a half years have elapsed but the order has not been complied with. Though the Delhi transport department said the Central Motor Vehicles Rules 1989 needed to be changed for implementation of the order, the road and highways ministry said the HC order was binding.In the meantime, hearing-impaired people continue to face discrimination. For example, Anuj Jain, 41, was not allowed to take the test despite fulfilling all the criteria. \"I applied for a driver's licence at the Surajmal Vihar RTO on November 2. I filled all the forms and submitted an ID proof, medical certificate and documents. I then sat for biometric registration, moving on to the driving test section,\" explained Jain in sign language, which was interpreted by his aide.But he was in for a rude shock. \"At the time of the test, my interpreter was asked to leave. When she insisted that I had hearing impairment, they rejected my application, saying I was not eligible,\" Jain said. Jain had produced the HC order but it was brushed aside by the officials, who said there had been no communication from the higher-ups.Five other hearing-impaired people shared the same grievance. Zorin Singha, president of the National Association of the Deaf , said this problem is faced by most of their members. \"Every tenth hearing-impaired person has complained of the same problem,\" said Singha.When TOI spoke at an RTO office in the city, the officials admitted that they did not allow deaf people to take a driving test. \"We allow people with locomotive disability to take the test, provided they bring their customized vehicle, but not hearing-impaired people,\" said an official on condition of anonymity.In the 2011 order, the prosecution had submitted a response by Delhi Police on queries related to safety. Delhi Police cited a court order which states \"due to lack of auditory distraction the deaf have far better focus and concentration needed to drive the vehicle\".Yet, when TOI contacted the Delhi transport department, officials said implementation of the order would require a change in legislation. \"The Delhi Motor Vehicles Act is based on the Central Motor Vehicle Rules. Unless there is a change in that, the DMV Act remains the same,\" said a spokesperson of the transport department.However, a senior Union transport ministry official said, \"The provision in the Central Motor Vehicle Rules does not prohibit anyone with disability from taking a driving test. If they are then found to be unfit, they may be refused a licence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "17344280", "title": "Kids' war with weighing scales weighs on schools", "text": "MUMBAI : The increasing incidence of obesity among children has been a cause for concern for a while now, which educationists and health experts blame on the lack of physical activity and unhealthy eating habits.\"At present, 10% of the population in every class is obese and what worries us is that this will perhaps increase. We have given our student a menu that needs to be strictly followed by them to end unhealthy eating habits,\" said Kavita Agarwal, principal of DG Khetan International School in Malad (W). With a strict 'nojunk food' rule in the school, Agarwal added the initial opposition came from parents. \"Students didn't complain much but parents raised an issue. We had a tough time explaining the importance of this healthy menu to parents, most of whom were working professionals,\" she said.Many schools said they are concerned about obesity among students. \"Parents are under the impression that the child's fitness is the school's responsibility but they fail to comprehend that children spend very little time in school. Ordering food from restaurants, weekend dinners and parties are all regular features of the new-age household, with very little focus on physical fitness ,\" said Natasha Mehta, principal of Euro-School in Navi Mumbai. She added most parents pay little attention to fitness, which is in turn emulated by their children. Health experts add that too much attention to physical attributes results in other health issues, including obesity. \"Children usually become aware of their looks in their teens and surprisingly, instead of focusing on health and physical activity, parents immediately push their children towards dieting,\" said Seema Hingorrany, a clinical psychologist. She said the increase in teens' stress levels results many more health issues. \"Children are hooked on to various social networking sites and there is increased importance given to physical appearance . But stress too leads to obesity,\" added Hingorrany. Keta Patel, a dietician, highlighted the need to eat healthy and right for all ages. \"With increasing use of technology, physical activity is very limited in the current generation. It is therefore important to eat right and maintain a regular fitness regime too,\" she said, and added teenagers are increasingly turning to dieticians to treat either obesity or anorexia. \"Children as well as parents need to take health more seriously,\" added Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342167", "title": "Attempt to murder case against Prabhakaran closed 3 years after his death", "text": "CHENNAI: A case registered against slain LTTE chief Velupillai Prabhakaran decades ago, and pending without any progress since then, was closed by a Chennai court on Friday.On May 19, 1982 Prabhakaran and his associate Raghavan alias Sivakumar fired at rival leaders - Uma Maheswaran alias Mukundan and Jotheeswaran -- belonging to People's Liberation Organisation of Tamil Eelam in Pondy Bazaar here. While Jotheeswaran was injured in the incident, Uma Maheswaran escaped unhurt. A case of attempt to murder under Section 307 of IPC was registered against Prabhakaran and Sivakumar. They were arrested and remanded in judicial custody.This shootout case was declared 'abated' by the VII additional sessions judge (in charge) here on Friday, after the CB-CID filed a report seeking closure of the case on the grounds that Prabhakaran was dead and his body had been recovered from the Nandikadal area of Sri Lanka in 2009. The CB-CID, which had been 'investigating' the case, relied on Interpol and the Sri Lankan police reports to say the LTTE supremo's body was recovered after an armed conflict in the Nandikadal area in 2009.On Friday, N Kaliamurthi, the VI additional sessions judge who is holding additional charge of VII additional court, said, \"The non-bailable warrant (for Prabhakaran) is pending. Charges against the first accused (Prabhakaran) have abated.\"As for others, the CB-CID said Sivakumar had been out of India for more than 15 years and his whereabouts were not known. Jotheeswaran had repatriated to Hong Kong and settled there, it said, adding that one more person wanted in connection with the case, Niranjan alias Sivaneswaran, was killed in an encounter with the Sri Lankan Army.In October 2010, a designated court here closed the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case against Prabhakaran, who was the prime accused, and his intelligence wing chief Pottu Amman alias Shanmuganathan Sivasankaran on the basis of a report filed by the CBI.\"The case against the absconding accused Prabhakaran and Pottu Amman alias Shanmuganathan Sivasankaran is hereby dropped and the charges against them ordered abated,\" ruled the designated judge K Dakshinamurthy then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345886", "title": "Lodge in Bandhavgarh illegal, govt realizes 17 yrs later", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government has woken up to the fact that a private jungle lodge in the famous Bandhavgarh National Park (Umaria) was illegal- more than a decade and half of it being operational and reports by three consecutive district collectors about questionable ownership of the land.Even now, the authorities are not able to decide about the course of action against the Nature Heritage Resort aka Agra Lodge.While the whistle-blowers allege that the lodge offering 22 luxury cottages to tourists was constructed on a government land and a tiger corridor, the operators claim otherwise.The resort was constructed in 1995 on 1.47 acres of land at Tala range by Adventure Wildlife Resorts Pvt. Ltd Company. Owners claim that land was procured from one Sita Singh in 1994.Trouble started in 2010, after Rajesh Dwivedi, a nature guide, approached the then collector of Umaria S S Kumhre alleging that that Sita Singh was not the owner of the said land. After investigations, Kumhare issued an order declaring that the lodge was constructed illegally on a government land.He also concluded that the ownership documents in the name of Sita Singh were forged. Subsequently, his other two successors J S Dhurve and N S Bhatnagar also agreed with his findings about the ownership of the land in question.Officially, this land was given to Sita Singh, as 'Tree Patta' (deed) under a government scheme in 1984. This deed was cancelled in 1987 after she failed to meet the requirements.The complainant had alleged that the company directors - Navneet Agrawal and Rajvardhan Sharma, both residents of Uttar Pradesh (UP) - conspired with a local patwari to acquire the land. For that, they used Sita's son Nand Kishore Singh as a tool, he said.\"Document shows, Sita sold her land to her son Nand Kishore Singh for Rs 90,000. Why would she do that?,\" claims Dwivedi.Tree Patta' confers land use but not land ownership rights, he said. Initially, Nand Kishore was included in the company as one of its partners. A few years later he died in a road accident.BOX..BoxFalsely implicated: Co directorCompany director' Navneet Agrawal claims that they are being troubled for the mistake committed by revenue department. \"We had been paying Rs 3554 as diversion fees for the last 17 years. Mutation &amp; diversion for the land was also done,\" he said.Madhya Pradesh Financial Corporation (MPFC) would not have sanctioned loan for construction of our lodge and its renovation works in 1994 and 2004, if the project was illegal, he said. According to the company, a false complaint was filed by Rajesh Dwivedi as they refused to accept his proposal of attaching his vehicles to the lodge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342808", "title": "Take a pet home from Bandra's 'adoptathon'", "text": "MUMBAI: An interesting 'pet adoptathon' will be organized in Bandra on Sunday, in order to help over 200 puppies and kittens of Indian breed find good homes. The event will be held at Bandra Hindu Association Hall in Linking Road between 10am and 6pm.\"Through this unique adoptathon, we would like to tell citizens that it is much better to have 'desi' pets instead of exotic foreign breeds, which are not suited to our Indian climate,'' said the founder of World For All Animal Care &amp; Adoptions (WFA), Taronish Bulsara, who is the main organizer.The co-founder of WFA, Ruchi Nadkarni, added that several prominent personalities - like radio jockey Anushka Manchanda, TV actor Varun Khandelwal, video jockeys Kashyap and Arpit, and Bollywood personalities like Raveena Tandon , Nargis Fakhri and others - have supported this cause in the past.\"This year, Natasha Sehgal will climb to the Mount Everest base camp to raise money for WFA. Natasha began her trek on November 13, and we will cheer for her at Sunday's event,'' added Nadkarni. All the pups and kittens at the adoption drive have been vaccinated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17400843", "title": "Maoist surrenders in Narayanpur", "text": "RAIPUR: A Maoist surrendered before the police on Friday in tribal Narayanpur district in Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.Police said Naxalite leader Mannu Kavade was actively involved in Maoist revolutionary movement for the last eight years and the police had also announced a reward of Rs 5000 for information leading to his arrest as he was involved in a number of cases of violence. He was holding important position in an area committee.Mannu left the Maoist ranks and surrendered before the Narayanpur district superintendent of police Mayank Shrivastava, who said the rebels had forcibly taken Mannu from his village in 2004 and gave him training in guerrilla warfare, making explosives and for using modern weapons. Later, he was given a post in the Dandakaranya Adivasi Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan, a Maoist outfit to work among the local masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17343942", "title": "People less likely to lie at home than in office", "text": "People are less likely to tell lies at home but are more ready to bend the truth in office, a new study has claimed. Researchers from the University of Oxford and the University of Bonn suggested that it pains us to tell lies, particularly when we are in our own homes. The study found that people are basically honest as honesty is hugely important to our sense of who we are. The researchers conducted simple honesty tests by ringing people in their own homes in Germany and asking them to flip a coin. The study participants were asked over the phone to report on how it landed. The catch to this test was that each of the individuals taking part was given a strong financial incentive to lie without the fear of being found out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17346109", "title": "India, Korea pact to enhance biz ties", "text": "RANCHI: An economic cooperation agreement was reached between self-governing and administration bureau of Gunsan City of Korea and the eastern region chapter of the Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMA) in Jamshedpur on Friday. The agreement was signed by director general of self-governing and administration bureau Lee Jong Hong and deputy chairman of ACMA Sanjay Sabherwal.The two bodies agreed to promote economic cooperation through their respective industrial bodies, exchange information through seminars and workshops and joint projects enabling development of technologies and their usage.Spokesman for Tata Motors P J Singh said several presentations were also made during the agreement signing ceremony by the Korean delegates and ACMA.\"A nine-member Korean delegation led by Lee Jong Hong was on a two-day visit to Jamshedpur as a follow -up to sister-city relationship established between Jamshedpur and Gunsan City by the mayor of Gunsan and the then deputy commissioner of East Singhbhum in 2004,\" said Singh.The local ancillary units, most of which are associated with Tata Motors and situated in Adityapur estate, are made of new technologies like roll forming with METALSA - A Mexican company investing in Adityapur, skin panel stamping by Caparo and high tonnage sheet metal stamping by HIGHCO.The Korean delegation also visited Tata Motors plant and Centre of Excellence where they were overwhelmed by the rich history of Jamshedpur on display at the archives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342078", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi, Tamil Nadu in crucial clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: About a decade ago, two exciting talents -- Virender Sehwag and Lakshmipathy Balaji -- locked horns in a Ranji Trophy semifinal here at the Ferozeshah Kotla. The contest was marked with the pacy Balaji uprooting the flamboyant Sehwag's stumps on 99.Ten years on, Sehwag, playing in his 100th Test against England in Mumbai, is making headlines. Balaji, on the other hand, is in the Capital as captain of Tamil Nadu for the Group B Ranji Trophy match against Delhi. The four-day game begins on Saturday.With both teams sitting on eight points from three matches each and both in need to give their campaign real momentum, some aggressive cricket is in the offing. That's what both the camps are hinting at before the battle. The visitors have already shown a risk-taking propensity by declaring early against Karnataka and conceding three points in the process.All eyes would be on the Kotla square to be used for the match. Two different surfaces have been used for the two Ranji games the ground has hosted this season and both were tediously low and slow. Going by what Delhi coach Vijay Dahiya says, the hosts now want a bouncier, faster track for this game. \"We have told the curator to give a surface that would have more bounce and grass. Our pace attack is our strength and we would love to play on such a surface. With Balaji in their team, Tamil Nadu too have a good seam attack. But we need to exploit our strengths as well,\" Dahiya said.It will be interesting to see if the home team risk a 'less than fully fit' Ashish Nehra who didn't take the field after bowling six overs against Baroda in the last game. He could be a handful if the pitch has grass on it. \"It's up to Ashish to take a call. If he isn't 100%, he won't take the field,\" Dahiya said.Coming to the visitors, even without Murali Vijay , Tamil Nadu batting happens to be one of the strongest in the country with the likes of Abhinav Mukund , Dinesh Karthik and S Badrinath already scoring heavily. There will be pressure on the Delhi batting line-up after some scratchy outings. It's time for Unmukt Chand to emulate his India under-19 teammate Baba Aparajith who has already notched up a century for Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344162", "title": "Madurai corporation opens five social network accounts to address grievances", "text": "MADURAI: The social networking bug appears to have bitten the Madurai city corporation too.As the trend of bureaucrats turning to social networking sites with the promise of effective grievance redressal is catching up in Madurai, the city corporation joined the league in opening its account on Facebook.Madurai collector, Anshul Mishra, was the first to join Facebook that has become a huge hit now, followed by the district police. Now, the city corporation has opened not just one account, but five.While four zones of the city would have an exclusive Facebook page each, a common page would also be there. Besides, the corporation has also announced that public could express their grievances through emails.\"We hope to connect with the people easily with the help of the social networking site and emails. The grievances would be forwarded to the officials concerned and necessary measures to address them would be taken immediately,\" said corporation commissioner R Nandagopal.The email id and Facebook page for Zone 1 will be mducorpacz1@gmail.com / www.facebook.com/maduraicorporationzone1, for Zone 2 mducorpacz2@gmail.com / www.facebook.com/maduraicorporationzone2, for Zone 3 mducorpacz3@gmail.com /www.facebook.com/maduraicorporationzone3 and for Zone 4 mducorpacz4@gmail.com / www.facebook.com/maduraicorporationzone4. The common email id for corporation will be mducorpcommr@gmail.com and the Facebook page will be www.facebook.com/corporationmadurai. Though social networking sites come in handy for the public to post their grievances, the effectiveness of the mechanism lies in the efficiency of the officials. Mishra opened a Facebook account in June this year soon after he assumed charge as Madurai collector and from day one the initiative has proved a hit.While there is a deluge of grievances posted on the site by public, Mishra not only responds to the Facebook users, but also sees that action is taken on their complaints.It is clearly the success of the model by Mishra that has prompted corporation commissioner Nandagopal to turn to social networking sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17346339", "title": "JAP to gradually replace CPMF in Naxal-hit zones in Jharkhand", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) will gradually replace central para-military forces deployed in various Maoist-prone areas in the state.K S Meena, additional director general (ADG), JAP, on Friday said JAP personnel are being provided special training so that they can replace CRPF and assist state police in anti-Maoist operation and other tasks related to maintenance of law and order.\"JAP, which is a force of state government, has grown steadily and is on par with the para-military forces. Years ago, when Jharkhand government had invited CRPF to combat Maoists to curb the growing Left-wing extremism, JAP then lacked strength and was not a force to reckon with. Today we are one of the finest forces in the state and plan to replace CRPF deployed in Maoist-dominated areas phase-wise in the next two to five years. JAP will have its complete dominance in those areas,\" he said.Meena arrived in Bokaro to participate in the golden jubilee function of JAP-IV organised to mark its 50th foundation day. A parade by JAP personnel, among other events was held on the occasion. Meena gave away awards to eight JAP men for their commendable performance. Meena said, \"JAP comprising 10 armed battalions, five Indian Reserve Battalions and one State Industrial Security Force (SISF) is an elite force in state.\"After formation of the state, JAP increased its strength from 20,000 to 50,000 personnel, who are capable of tackling any kind of insurgency. \"We are still in the process of recruiting 20,000 more personnel in different ranks from hawildar to sub-inspector and DSP. JAP men are equipped with ultra modern weapons and security equipment. The JAP personnel are being trained to behave well with the state's residents to make them a people-friendly force,\" said Meena.He also said that SISF battalion which comprises six companies of 600 men is ready to provide security solution to the industrial houses.SISF has its headquarters in Bokaro and its personnel are undergoing training. \"The SISF personnel will provide security cover to industrial units. SISF has been formed by state government to meet the growing demand of industrial units which are facing unrest these days. Many industrial units which have come up recently in the state demanded SISF from the government,\" said Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17345949", "title": "Modern education should be value based: Governor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 7th convocation of UP Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU) was held on Friday. Around 7000 students, who passed the examinations in December 2011 and June 2012, were awarded degrees and diplomas at the convocation. Besides, 15 brilliant students were felicitated with gold medals.Presiding over the convocation ceremony, Chancellor of UPRTOU BL Joshi said in the modern age of globalisation, importance of education and knowledge has increased considerably. \"Today we are concerned about human rights. Inclusive and all round development is the need of the hour,\" he said. He added that in the modern context distance and open university can play a very important role in the field of education. He was pleased to learn that UPRTOU has accepted the challenges and established landmarks in the field of education. Joshi was told that the Supreme Court has accepted the equivalence of UPRTOU BEd programme with the conventional degree. With this, the degree given by the University will be socially accepted and vocationally useful. The Governor said modern education should be value oriented so that the country's culture and glorious tradition can be saved.The chief guest and chairman of Board of Governors, IIT-Kanpur, Prof M Anandakrishnan said the ICT-enabled education is not only an answer to the growing demands for enrolments in education, but is also in tune with the mindset of the present day students and helps meet the challenges of the growth of knowledge. \"If used creatively, ICT can make a big difference in the way teachers teach and students learn and can help students acquire 2lst century skills like digital literacy, innovative thinking, creativity, sound reasoning and effective communication,\" Prof Anandakrishnan said, adding that the integration of ICT tools can do wonders in self-learning and self-assessment. He said with the use of ICT, the boundaries between the regular students and ODL students will diffuse as more and more learners will opt for system to enhance their knowledge and skills through this flexi time mode.UPRTOU vice-chancellor Prof AK Bakhshi presented the annual report of the university. Prof Bakhshi said the university is keen to implement new technology for the benefit of distance learners. He said the university has introduced many innovations in its system to make it more student friendly. The V-C said the university is working to achieve its goal of reaching to the unreached in the context of higher education.The Chancellor Gold Medal was bagged by MSc (bio-chemistry) student Santosh Kumar from Azamgarh. He topped the December 2011 examination and scored the highest marks (84.41%) among undergraduate and postgraduate students.Other recipients of the University Gold Medal included Pramod Kumar, Riya Maurya, Priti Singh, Sarvesh Kumar Srivastava, Shiv Kumar and Santosh Kumar. Among the undergraduate students, medal winners included Garima Singh, Mohhamad Ehsan Ali, Pooja Tripathi and Hare Krishna Dixit. Donor Gold Medals were also awarded to Alka Srivastava, Subhlaxmi Srivastava, Kumari Rajni and Riya Maurya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17347498", "title": "India set for Youth World Championships", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to better the one gold and one silver clinched in the previous edition, a 10-member Indian boxing team of teenagers will take off early Sunday morning for the third World Youth Championships starting November 25 in Yerevan, Armenia .The entire sprightly bunch, all in the 17-18 years age bracket, will look to emulate Vikas Krishan, the gold-medallist from the 2010 edition who went on to become an Asian Games gold-winner before an Olympian in London earlier this year.The silver-medallist from the last edition, Shiva Thapa, also went on to make a successful breakthrough at the senior level, competing in the London Olympics.\"This time, we are expecting four-five medals even though the competition is likely to be tougher with over 120 countries set to participate,\" national youth coach, G Manoharan said.\"The boys have trained as hard as they usually do and hopefully, the effort in training will translate into good results in the main competition,\" he added.The squad: Lalitha P Prasad (49Kg), Dheeraj (52Kg), Mohammed Hussain (56Kg), Nagesh Kharare (60Kg), Deepak Tanwar (64Kg), Manjeet Singh Panghal (69Kg), Sandeep (75kg), Naveen Kumar (81kg), Amrit Preet Singh (91kg), Narender (+91kg).Head Coach: G Manoharan Coaches: Lalit Prasad, Suresh Bhettan and Biji Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347109", "title": "Utsav Mukherjee starts shooting his next", "text": "Filmmaker Utsav Mukherjee has begun filming Half- Serious, a social satire.The movie stars Shaheb Bhattacherjee, Mumtaz Sorcar, Ridhima Ghosh, Biplab Chatterjee, Silajit, Sudipta Chakraborty, Kharaj Mukherjee, Shankar Chakraborty, Anindyo Banerjee, Biswajit Chakraborty, Ratri Ghatak and Damini Basu. Music is scored by Joy Sarkar. \"I play Arko, a bindaas guy who belongs to a conservative North Kolkata family. Arko's influential father firmly believes that boys are better than girls. Arko, however, is a believer of gender equality. The first half of the film is very real, while the second half is fictional,\" said Shaheb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346795", "title": "Fry suffers mild asthma attack", "text": "Actor Stephen Fry suffered an asthma attack while addressing a press conference but was saved.The 55-year-old was addressing media here when he started feeling the trouble in breathing. The actor immediately asked for help from people present there Nov 22, reports contactmusic.com.Fry, who is known for his work in movies \" Wilde \" and \" Bright Young Things \" and double act \" Fry and Laurie \", latter wrote on Twitter.\"Just had a surprise asthma attack at a screening. Got up to ask if anyone had an inhaler: so many hands went up. Saved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347102", "title": "Rinku Ghosh all set to sizzle in her next", "text": "Rinku Ghosh is busy shooting for her next and is all set to sizzle audience with her performance. The shooting of M I Raj's 'Insaaf Ka Danka' is progressing in Rajpapila. The women centirc film will se Rinku in a new avatar. A lot of deatiling has been done for Rinku's look in the film. Aditya Mohan is making his debut through this movie.Rinku Ghosh's last film with M I Raj, 'Kehu Humse Jeet Na Paiyee' had garnered huge response for Rinku's sizzling look in the movie. Ravi Kishan was paired opposite Rinku for the movie. Rinku Ghosh is very excited for the movie and says,\" I would love to work with M I Raj again. He is a wonderful director.\" The script of the film is written by M I Raj himself.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347005", "title": "IITians go down the memory lane", "text": "KANPUR: The golden jubilee reunion of 1962 batch of IIT-Kanpur witnessed congregation of many talented passouts of this premier institution who are spread across the world and are making significant contributions in their respective fields.The reunion was formally inaugurated by IIT-Kanpur director Prof Indranil Manna at the outreach auditorium who also felicitated the ex-students who were present in full strength. The ex-IITians were told about changes that the institute has undergone over the years, such as the construction of new hostels, academic buildings, and sports complex. The alumni members too said the campus had changed a lot from how it was when they studied here.Devendra Shukla, an ex-IITian who is currently settled in the US recalled the days spent at IIT-Kanpur from where he passed out in Civil Engineering. \"For young graduates, the opportunities are immense. Today, the entire globe is like a village, so students can get good jobs anywhere. They also have the opportunity of becoming entrepreneurs. India has grown tremendously and is still growing. If problems like education, healthcare, power, transportation and energy are addressed, we can grow much faster,\" said Devendra while talking to mediapersons.Ashesh Kumar Agarwal from the same batch, presently runs a consultancy in the US. After having travelled to 46 countries, Ashesh was of the view that China is far ahead of India due to lesser red-tapism and ability to take quick decisions.Another alumni Suresh Kumar Agarwal said he was proud of having been a student of IIT-Kanpur. A resident of Kanpur, Agarwal is credited with the computerisation of the city's Stock Exchange.Pradip Kumar Agarwal, a 1962 passout from Matellurgy department recalled how he and his batchmates used to watch movies in Regal and Sundar Talkies every Saturday and Sunday and thereafter eat at restaurants on Mall Road.The ex-IITians also shared knowledge of latest advancements in their respective fields of work. B Chitrangad, who had come all the way from USA to take part in the reunion had completed BTech from Chemical Engineering department of IIT-K and presently works with DuPont Protection Technologies as Principal Investigator on fibres. Chitrangad discussed the qualities, applications and scope of Kevlar fibre which has been patented by his company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343790", "title": "Stop target practice at Nethrani Islands: HC to Navy", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday restrained the Navy from using Nethrani Island, situated on Karnataka's western coastline, for target practice.\"Till further directions, the respondents (Navy) are directed not to use Nethrani Island for target practice,\" a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen said in its brief order. The bench then adjourned hearing of the PIL filed by AN Karthik and others to January 29, 2013.The petitioners are seeking for a direction to save the heart-shaped island, also known as pigeon island, spread over four sqkm.\"Nethrani Island is situated approximately nine nautical miles from Bhatkal. The island is being bombarded by the naval authorities as part of their target practice. Who gave them permission is unknown. The island is a proposed national biodiversity site to protect the rich corals reefs and islets in the waters... Apart from its coral ecosystem, the island is also home to two species of fish -- Cheilinus undulates (endangered) and Rhincodon typus (vulnerable). Blue whales, sperm whale, whale shark and long nose sharks are also found here,\" the petitioners said.On the other hand, the Navy defended the exercise, claiming it was being undertaken once every month (for a few hours) to keep its forces battle-ready, and was purely in national interest.STATE MULLS ELECTION TRIBUNALSThe government on Friday told the high court that it may set up separate election tribunals to deal with disputes arising out of local bodies, coming under Panchayat Raj Act, KMC Act and the Karnataka Municipalities Act.Additional advocate general KM Nataraj said the tribunals will reduce the burden on courts and provide for a separate forum for settling these disputes. \"For this, we need to amend existing provisions. We are looking at it,\" he told the court.PIL ON LPG CAP DISMISSEDA division bench on Friday dismissed a PIL complaining about the proposal to limit subsidized LPG cylinders to six in a year. \"As long as no right is violated, courts cannot interfere. This is a policy matter. Vote them out (if you want). At the time of election, you can exercise your right,\" the bench observed.During the brief hearing, counsel for the Union government said there are indications that the cap may be raised to nine cylinders in a year.Vijay Kumar , an advocate from Bangalore, questioned the decision to limit supply of subsidized cylinders to six per family in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344851", "title": "HC rejects review petition against BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday rejected a plea for review of its earlier verdict on the BRT corridor in south Delhi. A bench of judges Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh accepted Delhi government's argument that the court should dismiss the review petition as the petitioner NGO never raised the ground of BRT violating Master Plan 2021 in its main PIL, but had raked up the issue in the review petition.\"Suffice would it be to state that in the writ petition, there is no challenge that BRT corridor does not conform to the Master Plan norms and thus, we think that petitioner cannot even attempt to urge anything with reference to the MPD norms being violated,\" the bench observed.The review petition, filed by NGO Nyay Bhoomi through its President B B Sharan, had argued that \"MPD 2021 is a statutory plan and has the force of law\". As per the Master Plan, the BRT cannot exist on a road less than 45 metres in width.While rejecting the NGO's arguments the bench pointed out that as per MPD 2021, apart from national highways, arterial roads of two kinds - primary and other primary are conceived of, and lastly sub-arterial roads and local streets. The plan contemplates BRT corridors on primary roads having 'ROW' meaning Right of Way, 30 metres and above and BRT corridors on other primary roads having ROW 45 - 60 metres. Thus, HC clarified, issues pertaining toBRT corridors have to be decided not with reference to the width of a road but with reference to the span of a 'Right of Way'. HC in its decision on Friday also modified the previous order saying due to a typographical error got inadvertently mentioned that the BRT corridor in question is on a road width whereof was 45 metres equal to 100 feet. \"The figure 100 is a typographic mistake and should read 150 feet.\"While dismissing the PIL earlier, the high court had said, \"There being no scope to expand the width of the existing roads and the population of Delhi continuously being on rise, we see no escape from the fact that the citizens of Delhi have to, one day or the other, use public transport.\"On said reason also, it cannot be said implementation of BRT corridors in the city of Delhi is an irrational decision,\" the court had said.According to Nyay Bhoomi's plea, for smooth traffic flow on the corridor between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand, the government should not restrain any vehicle from plying on the bus lane.The petitioner had pointed out that most of the time the bus lane remains free while cars and other vehicles get stuck in jams for hours. with the situation on other lanes, meant for cars and other vehicles, remaining chaotic and the people getting stuck in jams for hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344203", "title": "New test to help reduce diagnosis time for TB", "text": "MADURAI: The long wait for up to eight weeks to detect multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR TB) would be a thing of the past. The diagnosis could be done in less than two hours thanks to a new test introduced in Madurai.Genexpert, the new diagnostic test for MDR TB, is the first-of-its-kind in southern Tamil Nadu and the third in the entire state after Chennai and Vellore. Genexpert has been installed in the microbiology department of Madurai Medical College. So far, patients from 13 districts in southern and central Tamil Nadu were sending sputum for the diagnosis, to Chennai.Besides the delay in diagnosis, the long queue for the test from patients across the state would further delay the test. In those cases, TB patients from south Tamil Nadu need to wait at least for a period of three months for the results.A health official said that though Genexpert is yet to be formally inaugurated in Madurai, they have started the service for the benefit of public.\"The conventional tests for diagnosing MDR TB would take two to eight weeks. But by the time there is a threat of the disease being contracted by others. An MDR-TB patient can infect 15 people in a year if untreated,\" said a health department official. The lab has started conducting the tests since September.TB patients develop MDR TB when they discontinue the directly observed treatment-short course (DOTS), which is a six months programme, provided by the government.Line probe assay (LPA), liquid culture test and solid culture test are the other tests available, which would cause much delay in treatment. \"Earlier, it took at least six months to start the appropriate medicine for MDR TB where the threat of spreading the disease looms large,\" said a doctor.Using the Genexpert, the diagnosis can be done within two hours and four samples can be tested simultaneously. It is possible to conduct four sets of tests in a day up to 16 samples, the official added.Treatment for the MDR TB would take 24 to 28 months and the government will have to spend Rs 1.5 lakh per patient. Around 400 patients are being treated for MDR TB throughout the state at present, another health official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342375", "title": "Tamil Nadu medical university defends exam norms in HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The state medical university has defended its new evaluation scheme and said it could not be ticked off for prescribing academic standards that are higher than those prescribed by the medical council.In a counter-affidavit filed before the Madras high court in response to a batch of writ petitions questioning the new evaluation system and the break system for first year MBBS degree courses, the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University registrar K Sivasangeetha said, \"Noticing the academic deficit and evaluation flaws, the university realised the need to tone up the system.\"\"The standing academic board, which is the highest academic body of the university, resolved to make a change and revise the system of scoring 50% marks in each subject instead of a 50% aggregate. The minimum pass mark of 50%, the curriculum, the pattern of questions and the duration of the examination have not changed. The intention of the university is to test the knowledge of the students in each medical paper,\" Sangeetha said.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam said it would hear the matter in detail on Monday.Counsel for the medical university, Narmatha Sampath, filed the counter-affidavit in the court on Friday, stating that the plea to permit the failed first year students to attend second year classes of MBBS degree courses was not maintainable, as the MCI regulations provided for a break system. All affiliated institutions were informed six months in advance that the individual pass in each paper is going to be implemented during the August 2012 examinations, the counter said.To cover up their poor academic performance, the students are complaining against the university and are falsely alleging violation of MCI norms, it said. Denying allegations that nearly 50% of the students who appeared for examinations in 2010-11 had failed, the university said more than 60% students had passed as per the new pattern.The minimum pass mark has not changed, the curriculum has not changed, the pattern of questions has not changed and the duration of the examination has not changed. TThe intention of the university is to test the knowledge of the students in respect of each medical paper, the varsity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344651", "title": "'Mayor using Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to promote MIM'", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after Congress deputy mayor and corporators complained of protocol violations at the job mela conducted by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on November 20, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) trained its guns on the MIM by raising objections over the slogans displayed at the job mela.BJP floor leader in GHMC Bangari Prakash along with other corporators including K Sahadev Yadav on Friday complained to municipal minister M Maheedhar Reddy that Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain, who belongs to the MIM, turned the job mela, an official programme of the corporation, into his party affair by replacing the GHMC slogan 'Clean City-Green City' with 'Shahar Hamara-Mayor Hamara.Banners carrying such a slogan instead of 'Clean City-green City' were displayed at the job mela and other hoardings, the BJP corporators alleged.They said the official GHMC slogan was publicised by former mayor Banda Karthika Reddy and that it was selected from among the choices that were sought from the public. But now the mayor and MIM party, they alleged, changed the slogan arbitrarily.The BJP floor leader demanded action against the GHMC officials who were in-charge of publicity at the job mela and erected banners, sign boards and hoardings.They also demanded action against the GHMC officials who were responsible for the change of the GHMC slogan in the job mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17342793", "title": "Transplant patient dies, FIR registered", "text": "BANGALORE: A case of unnatural death was registered after a 30-year-old kidney transplant patient died in a hospital on Rajkumar Road on Friday.Bhaskar Chakravathi, a mechanic from Kamakshipalya, had received the kidney donated by his father in February.Earlier this month, Bhaskar developed complications and was admitted to the hospital again. \"Doctors operated on him on November 10, removed the transplanted kidney and sold it,\" his wife Sumati alleged.Hospital doctors said they removed the kidney as transplantation was unsuccessful and sent it to a specialty hospital for tests. Rajajinagar police said, \"We have registered an unnatural death case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17344202", "title": "Open illegal mining case, orders HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has directed the police authorities to reopen an illegal mining case in Srivilliputtur taluk in Virudhunagar district and conduct a fresh inquiry. The court also directed the police to register an FIR if any cognizable offence is made out.V Balakrishnan of Virudhunagar had sent several representations to the revenue divisional officer (RDO) of Sivakasi right from the beginning of 2009 alleging that one Vasudevan had been indulging in illegal mining operations in Ayyan Natchiyar village in Srivilliputtur taluk for many years. This resulted in sending a show cause notice to Vasudevan why action should not be initiated against him and why a levy of Rs 28.23 lakh under Rule 36A of the Tamil Nadu Minor Minerals Concession Rules should not be imposed on him. Besides, Balakrishnan lodged a complaint before the taluk police station, Srivilliputtur Town on December 19, 2011 in this regard.Since there was no action on the part of the police, a criminal original petition seeking direction to register the complaint, given last year, was filed before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court by Balakrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17344362", "title": "Kottayam girl in New Zealand TV music reality show final", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Oruvattithara family in Kottayam will be praying when young Jessie Hillel competes in the final of the most popular music reality show in New Zealand called New Zealand Got Talent (NZGT). The 11-year-old from Kottayam, already a celebrity in New Zealand, will be vying for top honours with six others at 12 noon on Sunday.Jessie is the youngest daughter of Kottayam native Rabi Brighu Hillel and Sigi Susan who hails from Vakathanam. Jessie's elder sibling, Julie, is a talented pianist, who holds the distinction of performing for New Zealand's parliament members. The couple relocated to Wellington in 1996 after Hillel got a managerial post in a software company.\"The girl has music in her blood,\" said her grandfather O M Mathew, a retired professor and former national executive member of BJP. His mother-in-law was a trained Carnatic musician.Jessie has become a household name in New Zealand and she is also the youngest competitor to reach the final of NZGT. Secretary of Wellington Malayali Association Jomin Antony said that Jessie's feat is a rare one since not many talented Indians have tasted such success. \"She made us proud. All Malayalis in Wellington want her to win the competition and celebrate on Sunday,\" he said.Swaroopa Unni, a Malayali from Dunedin, said: \"Jessie is confident and a very talented girl. When you see her hearty smile, her melodious voice, it seems like a wonder.\"Kottayam: Oruvattithara family in Ammanchery near here will be in prayers when young Jessie Hillel competes in the final of the most popular music reality show in New Zealand Television called 'New Zealand Got Talent'. The 11-year-old from Kottayam already a celebrity in New Zealand will be vying for honours with six others at 7.30pm New Zealand time on Sunday leaving her grandparents back home with some tense moments.Jessie is the younger of the two daughters of Rabi Brighu Hillel from Kottayam and Sigi Susan who hails from Vakathanam near here. The couple had relocated from Kerala to Wellington in 1996 after Rabi had got a managerial post in a software company.\"The girl has got music in her traits,\" said her grandfather O M Mathew, a retired professor of Politics and former national executive member of Bharatiya Janata Party . Mathew's mother-in-law was a trained Carnatic musician.Julie, the elder sister of Jessie, has also made her mark as a pianist. She holds the distinction of performing for New Zealand Parliament members.Meanwhile, Jessie has become a house hold name in New Zealand following the popularity gained from the programme. She is also the youngest competitor to reach the final of this programme.Jomin Antony, secretary, Wellington Malayalee Association said that In New Zealand, talents from Indian community rarely comes out to a particular level, but Jessie crossed all the limits.\"She made proud all the Wellington Malayalis and Indian community as well. All the Malayalis in Wellington is eager to know about her winning in finals on Sunday to celebrate,\" he said.Swaroopa Unni, a malayalee settled in Dunedin said Jessie's popularity is soaring high as she had moved into the finals. \"She's a beautiful, confident talented singer, who loves what she does and who smiles with her whole heart. She just takes us into another world through her singing. For a girl of her age, she is just a small wonder for us,\" Swaroopa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17342652", "title": "Former minister Katta Subramanya Naidu injured as SUV topples", "text": "BANGALORE: Former BJP minister Katta Subramanya Naidu escaped with minor injuries on Friday when the SUV he was travelling in toppled near Kogilu Cross, Bellary Road.The driver of the white Toyota Fortuner lost control when he drove into a gaping pothole, police said. The ex-minister spent over 122 days in prison for alleged involvement in the KIADB scam.Katta was taken to Colombia Asia hospital where doctors treated two fingers of his left hand. \"His little and ring fingers had scratches. Otherwise, he is fine,\" doctors said. Yelahanka traffic police said the accident occurred at 5pm when Katta was returning to the city from a village near Devanahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17345966", "title": "Austrian sisters enthrall Shillong music lovers", "text": "SHILLONG: Music lovers here were enchanted by the Tuppy sisters, the musical duo from Austria, at Aurobindo Institute for Indian Culture thanks to the initiative by Aroha Music and Cultural Society.The artistes, a pianist and a violin-player, were in the state as part of a cultural exchange programme between the two countries.Freya Tuppy, the violin-player, was surprised by the warm reception and enthusiasm. \"We enjoyed so much playing before the audience and we could associate with them. It's like they understand our music, and I think they I was able to live up to their expectations.Pianist Hemma was equally excited. \"We are looking forward to come back and play as we were very comfortable in this great atmosphere. People listened intently and we could reach out to them,\" she said.Despite differences in culture and language, the acceptance was vast that made a deep impact on the performers. \"Indian people are very interested in our music despite being far away from our culture and so we feel very good and excited to play for them. It is a great pleasure to be here and share our music and traditions, as we can communicate with them,\" said Freya at the musical event that was organized in collaboration with the Austrian Cultural Embassy, New Delhi, Indian Council for Cultural Relations, Shillong , and the state directorate of arts and culture.The also conducted a workshop for students at Don Bosco Youth Centre.Pauline Warjri, president of Aroha Music and Cultural Society, said, \"Some of the classical performers are so professional and rigid. But these girls transmit to everyone. Also, with the response we have received, I think we can and will bring classical music to a new high.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17343710", "title": "Builder of olympian legacy", "text": "Davendra Dabasia, whose roots lie in Kutch's Madhapar, has an Olympian task at hand in the UK. His mission is to ensure that the Olympic Park - including all of the venues and infrastructure - are transformed into legacies that the country can cherish and use forever. Dabasia is undaunted by the onerous role, which he plays as the construction director of a company called Mace. \"I aspired from my teenage years to be involved in the construction industry,\" Dabasia says. \"My father has been in the industry all his life and this, along with being able to leave a tangible legacy, was the main attraction for me to work in the construction industry.\"Dabasia's ambition and accomplishments lie on the rock-solid foundation of the Gujarati way. \"My father was born in Nairobi and was inspired by my guru Sanathandharma Samrat Shree Muktajeevan Swamibapa to ensure education was a key feature in his personal and career development,\" he says. \"Under this guidance and the constant support of His Divine Holiness Shree Muktajeevan Swamibapa, he became a chartered surveyor at an extremely young age. He subsequently set up his own construction business.\" With his modern expertise strengthened by traditional values, Dabasia talks of his plans with confidence and enthusiasm. \"Key venues such as the Aquatics Centre and the Velodrome are due to reopen by early 2014,\" he says. \"And the South Park will be open to the public in mid-2013.\"Before Dabasia took on this endeavour, he was the project leader for the construction of a number of the Olympic venues including the multiaward winning Olympic Velodrome - arguably the most iconic of all venues in the Olympic Park. \"The brief for the Olympic Velodrome was to deliver a world-class facility with the fastest track in the world,\" he says. \"This was proven to have been achieved at the Olympic Games with numerous world records broken. I worked on the Olympic Park for five years and during this time, I was involved in the delivery of a number of venues including Eton Manor and Lee Valley Whitewater Canoe Centre.\"But while discussing his successes, Dabasia always returns to his roots, which instill in him a palpable pride. \"My own education and career path have mirrored my father's in many ways,\" he says. \"I have always taken direction in all aspects of my education from Acharya Swamishree. This included changing my career path from surveying to project management.\" A key part of this change included spending a year completing a master's in construction economics and management straight after completing a building surveying degree.\"The vision for this major career-changing decision was Acharya Swamishree's,\" Dabasia says. \"Upon the completion of the master's degree, I worked for three of the largest contractors in the UK. At each of these contracting organizations, I worked on landmark projects such as the Royal Festival Hall.\"However, Dabasia says he does not allow his CV to get to his head. \"I have been taught by Acharya Swamishree to live a simple life and work for the benefit of the community,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17346002", "title": "BSL staffer caught stealing money", "text": "BOKARO: An employee of Bokaro Steel Ltd (BSL) and his friend were caught red-handed while stealing cash from the account of a city resident by using his ATM card, which he had lost at the kiosk of Canara Bank at Nayamoad.The arrested have been identified as Suman Kumar, who is a BSL employee and resident of Sector-III area, and his friend Ritesh Toppo, a resident of Sector-XII. Toppo works with a construction company. The victim, N K Thakur, lives in Cooperative Colony andis the father of former OSD to Jharkhand governor, Rajesh Thakur.The duo had withdrawn Rs 75,000 with the ATM card in the past three days. This was their fourth attempt when Rajesh, who was keeping a close watch on the ATM kiosk, caught them red-handed. The duo had used the same ATM kiosk in withdrawing the money thrice, said a police officer.Inspector of City police station Ramod Kumar Singh said as the duo reached the ATM kiosk to withdraw money around 7.30am, Rajesh and his friends caught them. Later, they handed them over to police. During interrogation, Toppo confessed that he had found a bag lying on road on November 18. \"On searching the bag, he found the ATM card on cover of which its password was written. He later informed Suman and both of them started withdrawing money. We have recovered maximum amount of money they had withdrawn,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342245", "title": "ST commission member visits port staff", "text": "CHENNAI: K Kamala Kumari, a member of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribe ( NCST), visited the Chennai Port Trust's office on Friday. An official release said Kumari interacted with tribal employees of the Chennai Port Trust and heard their grievances.Kumari, who was welcomed at the port by Atulya Mishra, chairman of the Chennai port, also discussed the labour situation, work conditions and welfare programmes for the tribal employees. She has also visited operational areas and terminals at the port. Kumari is visiting all major ports in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17342954", "title": "Bal Thackeray's ashes immersed in Pushkar lake", "text": "AJMER: The ashes of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray mortal remains were immersed in the holy lake of Pushkar on Friday by a delegation of the party which came from Mumbai.Special prayers were conducted for the deceased in the holy city. A 'kalsh' of last remains of Thackeray were brought from Mumbai on Friday and was kept at Subhash Park.Members of the Shiv Sena came to pay their respects and they took it to Pushkar lake for immersion.\"We decided to perform last ritual of Balasaheb in 21 holy places of the country and in Rajasthan we brought it to Pushkar,\" said Munna Lal Agarwal, district president of Shiv Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344083", "title": "NHAI replies to tree felling notice after one month", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, after one month National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) filed its response to a show cause notice issued by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) regarding illegal felling of trees on NH 69 on Thursday evening. NMC had issued the notice on October 23.NMC tree inspector said that legally the reply should have been filed within one week of receiving notice. Since NHAI had failed to do so, NMC should have taken action against it.However, it seems the garden department apparently has more important work than taking action against errant authorities who are illegally cutting down century old trees in the city.When garden department superintendent NB Shrikhande was asked why no action was taken against NHAI, he told TOI that they have many things up their sleeves. \"We have so much to do and that too with limited staff. We will take action in the next 3-4 days,\" he said.However, it has come to light that even though NHAI's reply reached the department on Thursday evening the authorities have not yet gone through the document. Shrikhande said, \"We will go through the reply in the coming days and then take action.\"A lot of questions arise about the conduct of the department. On October 20, NHAI had chopped trees between the Mental Hospital and Mankapur square. NMC had not given NHAI permission to axe these trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342983", "title": "Now, once-a-week diabetes drug in the works", "text": "NEW DELHI: A once-a-week medicine for diabetics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a disease that affects nearly 63 million Indians \u00e2\u20ac\u201d could soon become a reality.Studies on diabetes have seen a global upsurge, with the latest data showing that bio-pharmaceutical research companies across the globe are busy developing 221 innovative new medicines.The drugs, which will help around 347 million patients include new therapies that target key abnormalities of pancreatic cells, increase insulin secretion without significantly reducing blood sugar, have reduced dosage, minimize painful nerve damage and prevent diabetic kidney disease.Examples of new cutting-edge approaches to fight diabetes include a once-daily medicine that selectively inhibits the protein associated with glucose metabolism, a drug designed to inhibit an enzyme linked to diabetic neuropathy and a medicine to treat type 2 diabetes that may allow for a once-a-week regimen.A report, released by the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), says that these medicines in development - all in either clinical trials or under review by the US' Food and Drug Administration (FDA) - include 32 for type 1 diabetes, type 2 (130) and diabetes-related conditions (64).Since 1990, six new classes of diabetes type 2 medicines have been approved by the FDA, giving patients and providers powerful new tools to treat the condition. America's biopharmaceutical research companies continue to explore many different approaches to battle diabetes.\"Diabetes is a major public health challenge and an economic burden for patients, their families, healthcare providers and the entire nation. Future medical advancements are our best hope for lessening the burden of diabetes to patients, their families and society. The medicines in the pipeline represent an exciting new chapter in the ongoing quest to better treat this debilitating disease,\" said Dr A K Jhingan, chairman of Delhi Diabetic Research Centre.India alone has 63 million people living with diabetes, second only to China (92.3 million), according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF). The prevalence is expected to rise sharply for a variety of reasons, including an aging population more likely to develop type 2 diabetes and longer lifespan among diabetes patients. If left untreated, diabetes can lead to severe health problems and complications, such as heart disease, stroke , vision loss and amputation. The last two decades have witnessed steady improvements in diabetes management across the world. Now, most blockbuster drugs are available within a year of their global launch in countries where industry-friendly policies exist.Improved adherence to diabetes medications can lead to better health outcomes and reduced costs. A recent study in health affairs projected that improved adherence to diabetes medications could avert more than one million emergency room visits and close to 620,000 hospitalizations annually, for a total potential savings of $8.3 billion annually.\"Many of the human and economic costs associated with diabetes can be avoided, making improvement of patient adherence one of the best opportunities to get better results and greater value from our healthcare system,\" said PhRMA president John J Castellani. \"This is by no means an easy task, but stakeholders throughout the healthcare system, including biopharmaceutical research companies, must work together to tackle this shared objective,\" he added.Nearly 44 lakh Indians in their most productive years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d aged between 20 and 79\u00e2\u20ac\u201d aren't aware that they are diabetic, exposing them to heart attack, stroke, amputations, nerve damage, blindness and kidney ailments.The diabetes epidemic in the country, which killed 10 lakh last year, has also thrown up an interesting trend. Contrary to popular perception, diabetes affects more people in rural India (34 million) than affluent urban Indians (28 million).The gap between the number of diabetic men and women in India is also diminishing. While 33 million men are diabetic, 29 million women are affected by high blood sugar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17341898", "title": "Teachers to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcchase\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 CM, education minister over regularization", "text": "MUMBAI: College teachers across Maharashtra will shadow CM Prithviraj Chavan and Rajesh Tope, minister of higher and technical education, at public functions reminding them to regularize the appointment of teachers exempted from taking the National Eligibility Test (NET) or the State Eligibility Test (SET).The decision to \"chase the ministers\" was taken in Pune, when the executive body of the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) met early in November, in response to the state's inaction on regularizing the teachers' appointment, said MFUCTO office bearers.On Thursday, close to 100 teachers stalled Tope's car when he was on his way to a college function in Chowpatty and asked him to pass a resolution regularizing the appointment of the affected teachers. The appointment of close to 10,000 teachers in the state hasn't been regularized. Regularizing and paying them arrears will cost the state about Rs 400 crore.The NET/SET battle dates back to the late 90's when the University Grants Commission made it mandatory for candidates wanting to become teachers to take the NET/SET.But the state government decided to implement the rule retrospectively affecting several MPhil-qualified teachers, who were appointed between September 1991 and April 2000. The teachers' bodies, which, for years, has carried out jail-bharo agitations, and gone on hunger strikes, also boycotted evaluations this year.The University Grants Commission ordered the state to regularize the services of NET/SET affected teachers appointed from September 19, 1991 to April 3, 2000. \"Later, as per written assurances given by the state, a resolution was to be issued by June 2012. The government has ignored morchas held in the last two months,\" said MFUCTO general secretary Tapati Mukhopadhyay.Tope has assured teachers that the resolution to regularize the teachers' appointment will be placed at the cabinet meeting on November 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343378", "title": "Is a war going on within India? SC asks", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Is there a war going on within India,\" asked the Supreme Court on Friday, outraged by the Manipur government's response to a PIL alleging that the state's human rights record was smeared by over 1,500 extra-judicial killings in the last three decades.The Ibobi Singh-led Congress government's attempt to rely on the stand taken in the past by Maharashtra and Gujarat governments in requesting the judiciary to understand the dual need -- protecting human rights as well as not demoralizing the law enforcers - perturbed a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai.The court also did not appreciate Manipur's stand that the National Human Rights Commission had not till date faulted the state in connection with the alleged extra-judicial killings and ridiculed the government's attempt to brush aside the allegations in three PILs, two on extra-judicial killings and one on misuse of Armed Forces Special Power Act and plea for its withdrawal.\"You (Manipur government) are trying to use NHRC as an alibi and join the chorus with Maharashtra and Gujarat to say 'if they are killing your men, then you will kill them'. Is there a war going on within India? Are you engaged in some sort of war,\" the bench asked and told the state that it will deal with the issue sternly.Standing counsel Kh Nobin Singh said Manipur would file a better affidavit but the bench questioned the intent and attitude of the government. \"Is this the attitude and orientation of a state to tell the court that they are killing my men so I am killing them,\" it said.When the counsel appearing for the Union government sought five weeks time to file response to the PILs, the bench said, \"If you seek five weeks, we will give you just five hours to file response. You are being so unreasonable.\"It sought the services of additional solicitor general Paras Kuhad, who informed the court that he was holding meetings with authorities concerned for feedback on the allegations of extra-judicial killings and assured that he would file a detailed response by December 2. The court also asked NHRC counsel Shobha to file the human rights body's response and posted the PILs for hearing on December 4.NGOs 'Extra-Judicial Execution Victims Families Association of Manipur' through Neena N and 'Human Rights Alert' through Babloo Loitongbam had requested the court to set up a Special Investigation Team to inquire into the extra-judicial killings in the state. Another petition by Suresh Singh through advocate S Biswajeet Meitei alleged that continuance of AFSPA had led to a spurt in extra-judicial killings and sought its withdrawal from Manipur.But the Manipur government said it was facing serious insurgency problem for many years. \"There are about 30 extremist organizations in the state of Manipur, out of which Revolutionary People's Front (RPF), United National Liberation Front (UNLF), People's Revolutionary Party of Kangleipak (Prepak), Kangleipak Communist Party (KCP), Kanglei Yainkanba Lup (KYKL) and Manipur Peoples' Liberation Front (MPLF) are very powerful and they are heavily armed with sophisticated weapons like AK-47, AK-56, rocket launchers etc,\" it said.In the last decade, violence by insurgents led to the death of over 1,214 civilians and injuries to 1,173 others. During the same period, the insurgents killed 178 policemen and 260 security force personnel, the state said and gave details of the incidents.The PILs gave details of each of the 1,528 people killed in fake encounters since 1979. They said though the SC upheld the constitutional validity of AFSPA 15 years ago, it had issued certain dos and don'ts to the security forces. But these guidelines were seldom followed, they alleged.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343631", "title": "R P Singh can't wash hands of report: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has vehemently contested former CAG official R P Singh's claim that he was not involved beyond the draft stage in processing the 2G report, saying Singh was part of consultations right till the final discussions.In a written submission CAG said Singh was a member of a peer group that carried out a \"mid-term review of audit findings\". Thereafter, he \"...also participated in the final round of discussions on October 4, 2010, with DoT establishing that Singh and his office were involved at every stage of preparation and finalization of the performance audit report.\"Sources in Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) recalled that Singh was part of the CAG team that briefed the panel on the audit findings and had in fact led the presentation. He did not express any dissent with the CAG report at the time.While CAG's detailed rebuttal to the PAC in February, 2012, challenged Singh's claims, it was also pointed out that although the former official did not recommend inclusion of a loss figure in his draft report he did refer to three loss figures.While sending the draft report, Singh wrote in a forwarding letter that \"If 2G rates are to be pegged to the rates discovered through auction for 3G spectrum, the impact would be Rs 1.02 lakh crore.\" He did not account for dual technology and extra spectrum that took the loss figure to Rs 1.76 lakh crore.Singh claims that his team had suggested a mere Rs 2,600 crore loss to the exchequer in its draft report which was later shelved by the headquarters and that he was not involved in subsequent discussions.Singh's letter, dated May 31, 2010, is once again in the news with certain observations where he had raised doubts whether such estimates could be included as loss to the exchequer when \"the government had never contemplated any charges for spectrum other than the entry fee\" being discussed.Singh had in the same letter, accompanied with his draft report, said that \"loss to the government due to decision not to auction 2G spectrum has not been quantified in the draft report. But, based on the voluntary offer from an operator for a pan India licence, the impact of non-revision of the price for the 2G spectrum would work out to Rs 65,725 crore.\"On this comparison too he had offered reasons for exclusion in the draft report saying later the matter was in litigation and the operator had to back out for reasons he has not explained.When this matter was raised before the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom in November, 2011, CAG Vinod Rai had given a point-by-point rebuttal and had emphasized that he had toned down one of the initial loss estimates that was put upwards of Rs 4 lakh crore.In a power point presentation made before the JPC, which is probing the 2G spectrum scam and looking into the CAG's loss estimation, Rai had then said that in the three-stage audit process \u00e2\u20ac\u201d adopted while preparing the report \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there were different estimations starting from Rs 48,000 crore to Rs 4.19 lakh crore.\"In stage-I, the report prepared by Delhi team carried figures of Rs 48,000 crore and Rs 26,000 crore,\" the CAG told JPC members. In stage-II, this report was redrafted by the office of director general, R P Singh , and figures of Rs 2,645 crore, Rs 2,651 crore and Rs 36,000 crore was incorporated in the report.CAG defended his final estimation saying in the stage III, \"draft report was further scrutinized and after examination of records not available earlier, a range of figures from Rs 58,000 crore to Rs 176,000 crore emerged.\"\"Several figures of loss ranging from Rs 2,645 crore to Rs 4.19 lakh crore were projected at different stages. Final decision is that of the CAG,\" Rai had asserted before JPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17344795", "title": "Docs from infertility centre deliver 100th test tube baby", "text": "NASHIK: Gajendra and Navita Devra from Mumbai were the lucky couple to be handed over the 100th Test Tube baby by Atharva Infertility and Test Tube Baby Centre. \"In three and a half years, this is the 100th test tube baby in our centre. For an infertility centre this is an achievement considering just 45% success rate in case of Invitro Fertilization (IVF),\" said Dr Umesh Marathe.Navita said that she had been to many hospitals in Mumbai for treatment for two years. \"I was depressed. I came to Nashik and was told that I could have a baby. Now, I am very happy.\"Dr Yashwant Mane explained that there were many reasons for the low rate of success because the losses in case of test tube babies are more. \"Miscarriages, premature babies and other complications are common. Out of 45% success rates, the actual take home rate is only 22-25%. We could have crossed the 100 mark long back but even our centre had some 60 losses,\" he said.\"Ovaries can also be frozen for 10-12 years and later processed for test tube baby. In case of cancer patients, the ovaries are extracted first and then chemotherapy and other treatments given because these can affect the ovaries, said the doctors.They have a centre where surrogate mothers are admitted, observed for nine months, baby delivered and then handed over to the genetic parents. \"We do all these following the guidelines of the Indian Council of Medical Research,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17343403", "title": "Two held for batteries theft in Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested two persons from Hubli-Karnataka in connection with the theft of automobile batteries in Ponda. The police are yet to recover the stolen goods and the court has remanded them to six days police custody for further investigation.Ponda PI C L Patil said that the accused, Moinuddin Abdul Nabi Shaikh, 30, and Sadique Mabuli Mulla, 20, were staying at Shapur, Ponda, and the police had picked them up on Thursday night. The accused, during interrogation, confessed to the crime, Patil said.Police said that Mulla is a history-sheeter. The accused had allegedly stolen about 25 automobile batteries, a stove and some other tools all worth 42,600 from a battery shop at Panditwada-Ponda during the intervening night of August 9 and 10. The accused entered a wooden kiosk by removing a plank, police said, quoting a complaint lodged by the owner of the shop, Vishwanath Nair of Panditwada-Ponda.An offence was booked under Section 379 and 461 of Indian Penal Code. The accused were produced before the Ponda JMFC, where the court remanded them to six days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17345055", "title": "Allahabad HC raps UP for withdrawing 2006 Varanasi blast cases", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Allahabad high court lashed out at the Uttar Pradesh government for withdrawing terror charges against those accused of the 2006 Varanasi serial blasts.Expressing displeasure at the move , the court on Thursday asked how does the government decide whether an individual can be accused of terrorism or not. The court said, \"Who will decide if a person is a terrorist or not? Since the cases in question are pending before the court, it should be left for the courts to decide.\"The court also observed, \"Today the government wants to withdraw cases against terror accused. Tomorrow they will be decorated with Padma bhushan.\" The bench of Justice RK Agarwal and Justice RSR Maurya wondered if the government's move will end up encouraging terror activities.The judges made these observations while hearing a public interest litigation by social activists Nityanand Chaubey and Rakesh Nayayik of Varanasi questioning the government's move to withdraw the cases.The petitioners' counsel Shashishanker Tripathi said that the government had withdrawn cases against Waliullah and Shameem, arrested in connection with the March 7, 2006 serial blasts in Varanasi, despite the fact that they had confessed their involvement. Waliullah's interrogation had also led to recovery of items used in the terror attack.The petitioners also alleged that the state government had already sought the comments of the prosecution department over withdrawing of cases against the accused in terror attacks at Varanasi and the Central Reserve Police Force camp in Rampur. The government has not commented on the court's observation yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343959", "title": "This 'naal' player ko gussa kyon aata hain", "text": "PATNA: Ask even a child what is a trumpet or a bagpipe, and he will promptly come up with the description of the instrument. But ask him if he knows of 'pipihi', and his response would be definitely of bewilderment. Even many of the elderly do not know that 'pipihi', 'dagar dhol' and 'janam dhol' are some of the intrinsic instruments belonging to the ancient musical heritage of Bihar. However, they have slipped into oblivion with the passage of time and due to the onslaught of foreign melody on ours. This angers Arjun Chaudhary. \"People are pretty well informed of guitar, drum and trumpet but are clueless about 'veena', 'pakhawaj' and 'pipihi',\" he says.This man in his early 40s can be frequently seen acquiring a corner on the stage with his 'naal' and 'tabla' while noted singers like Sharda Sinha, Vindhyavasini Devi, Pandit Shyam Das Mishra, Pandit Balram Ram and Barali Bandhu regale the audience with their musical rendition - to the accompaniment of Chaudhary's tabla, of course. What agonizes Chaudhary is not the fact that he is provided a corner seat but the increasing disuse of indigenous musical instruments that once spoke tall of Bihar's rich tradition.A native of Samastipur, Arjun inherited the love for music from his self-taught father Pandit Lakshmikant Chaudhary. As a child he saw musicians at his village play the 'naal' and from that instance he developed a fascination for 'naal'. \"Mera pehla naal 30kg ka tha aur main 20kg ka tha,\" he quipped.His passion for ancient musical instruments took him to every nook and corner of the state, the avowed aim being excavating the dying tradition. \"While travelling I once came across nonagenarian Sumarit Goswami who plays 'iktara' in traditional folk style. May he live long,\" Chaudhary prayed as he said few, if any, 'iktara' players were seen these days.'The Rhythm of Bihar', a musical group of senior instrument players of Bihar , is the brainchild of Chaudhary. The group members are skilled to play 15 ancient instruments such as 'dafli', 'nagara', 'mandar', 'jhaal' and 'pakhawaj' which through their various rhythms create beautiful canvas portraying the culture, the change of seasons and the rituals like marriage and childbirth. The team gave its debut performance at the Commonwealth Games - 2010 in New Delhi.Chaudhary wishes to see 'The Rhythm of Bihar' perform at an international platform so as to let the whole wide world know about Bihar's rich musical heritage. He also wishes to organize an exhibition of the dying instruments so as to arouse people's interest in them. For now, meanwhile, he is busy chronicling the details of the art of playing these instruments so that the ancient tradition may be preserved for the coming generations. For, he regrets, there's no text which has even a passing reference to the state's indigenous musical instruments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344745", "title": "Truant members make mockery of Public Accounts Committee", "text": "HYDERABAD: Raising serious doubts about the commitment of legislators in addressing irregularities in the government projects, the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) meeting scheduled for Friday was cancelled for lack of quorum.As per the agenda for Friday's meeting, the committee was to discuss illegal land allotments of 8,000 acres. While the rules mandate at least five members to be present for the meeting of the committee that has twenty legislators as the members, just four of them turned up. Subsequently, the meeting scheduled for 11 am was cancelled at 11.30 am.Strangely, chairman of the committee Revury Prakash Reddy, an MLA from the opposition Telugu Desam Party (TDP), chose to be absent when the committee was to discuss the alienation of land for controversial projects such as Lepakshi Knowledge Hub, Commercial Airport at Jammalamadugu, Brahmini Steels, Obalapuram Mining, and Vanpic in which the CBI has charged YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy with having made illegal gains.\"It is really strange that a member of the opposition TDP that is going hammer and tongs against Jagan did not turn up for the meeting despite being the chairman,\" said Etala Rajender, TRS floor leader in the assembly, who came for the meeting. \"When the scams are being unearthed by the CAG on the national level, we must take a leaf from its book and be serious about the PAC. Otherwise, it would be a mockery of the system and the scamsters would get away with their misdeeds.\"The reason that Revury gave for his absence was that he remained in his home town Warangal, on Friday, in order to see off his daughter who was leaving for the USA. \"My daughter was leaving for America and I could not make it for the PAC meeting. I understood there was no quorum, and if I had been there, I would have called the members and made them attend. I know there were significant issues to be discussed, but we will take up those in the next meeting,\" Revury said.While he was not specific on the re-scheduling of the meeting, he admitted more than eighty cases were pending before the current PAC and it had to submit reports before next March when its one-year term ends.\"Some of the cases date back to 1995, but some are really important and cannot be ignored. I will try to prepare the reports on them within the timeframe,\" Revury added.The current PAC has met 32 times so far since its constitution in March last year, but could give just four reports each pertaining to the departments of animal husbandry, school education, social welfare, and information &amp; public relations. The audit objections being raised in projects of the more significant departments such as irrigation, revenue, roads and building, industry, municipal administration, and medical education and health remain un-addressed.\"It is very unfortunate that the current PAC that is regarded as the more active as compared to the previous ones has failed to address such impartment issues. The time is running out for us, and I think we have to ask for an extension if at all the current committee wants to submit the reports,\" said Kanna Babu, a Congress MLA came for the meeting.Ponguleti Sudhakar Reddy and Changalarayudu- both are Congress MLCs- were the other two members came for the PAC meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342805", "title": "Stolen baby's kin alleges harassment by doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of the baby, who was stolen from Wadia Hospital in Parel, has alleged that they are being harassed by the doctors so that they vacate the hospital bed.The family has accused the doctors of trying to prove that Jasmin Naik, the mother of the baby, is mentally disturbed. However, doctors say that it is a normal procedure to carry out psychiatric evaluation and counselling in such cases, to avoid untoward incidents.Abhishek Mapankar, Jasmine's brother, said doctors from KEM Hospital visit her when other family members are not around. \"They have been asking her strange questions like 'If you are hit, will you get hurt?' and 'Do you ever feel like committing suicide?\" he said. Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of the psychiatry department in KEM Hospital, admitted that doctors from her team have been going to meet Jasmine on request from the Wadia Hospital management. \"However, it is the normal procedure that we follow in case of traumatic events. It is important to counsel her since a mother is mentally and emotionally vulnerable in the post-partum period. If she loses the baby, it is an even bigger shock,\" she said.Dr Parkar added that senior resident doctors from her team were shocked by the family's behaviour, as they were not only reluctant for the evaluation, but were also aggressive towards the doctors. \"We have to rule out depression and prevent suicidal tendencies in such patients. Initially, Jasmine and her family were reluctant to talk. But now, she is calm and stable,\" said Dr Parkar, who did the latest evaluation on Friday.Meanwhile, the Bhoiwada police have denied having suspected the baby's father, Devdas Naik, in the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17342917", "title": "UN set to celebrate Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 800th Urs", "text": "JAIPUR: The United Nations Academic Impact in the Department of Public Information will celebrate the 800th Urs of the 12th century Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in the form of a symposium at the United Nations headquarters in New York on November 26, 2012.Organized in association with the Permanent Mission of India to the United Nations, the symposium will focus on \"Faith, Dialogue and Integration\" and be conducted in the form of a conversation centering on a renewal of dialogue, aimed at building better understanding, harmony and collaboration among the people of different cultures and faiths.The event will hold a panel discussion on the teachings of the Sufi saint in the contemporary world. The speakers include writer and spiritual guru Dr Deepak Chopra; director of Chishty Foundation (India), Syed Salman Chishty and Rabbi Joseph Potasnik, executive vice-president of the New York Board of Rabbis (the highest body of Jews in the US), and many other dignitaries.The talk will be followed by a Sufi music concert in Persian, Urdu and Braj languages by the traditional qawwals of Ajmer.Hardeep Singh Puri, permanent representative of India to the United Nations and president of the Security Council will flag-off the event. United Nations general secretary, Ban Ki-moon is expected to be the chief guest at the musical show. His participation is subject to the situation between Hamas and Israel, as he is tirelessly working on restoring peace in the Middle East.\"The teachings of Sufi saint become relevant in the present period of confrontation among different civilizations Sinic, Muslims and Christians,\" said Chisthy, who, in 2011, had proposed to the UN to observe the Urs and the Indian mission had also supported his initiative. All UN member states are expected to participate in the event.A seven-member team of qawwals of Ajmer will organize a qawwali programme at the event.The Ajmer dargah is a symbol of universal brotherhood and as for years, the Urs of Moinuddin Chishti has brought people from all walks of life and all religions to his shrine in Ajmer. The sufi saint's Urs is observed from 1st to 6th of the Islamic month of Rajab.The UN has been a strong advocator of Sufi school of Islam and had registered strong protest when extremist Muslims destroyed Sufi shrines in Libya. Earlier in 2007 UN named the year after another Sufi saint Mewlana Rumi whose grave is in Koyna in Turkey.The programme is being held under the aegis of UN seminar series, 'Unlearning Intolerance' to discuss how intolerance, wherever it exists and for whatever reason, can be \"unlearned\" through education, inclusion and example.The symposium will also include readings from poetry and sacred writings, rendered by Ambassador Eduardo Ulibarri, Permanent Representative of Costa Rica to the United Nations and chairman of the Committee on Information; Ambassador Manjeev Singh Puri, deputy permanent representative of India to the United Nations; Roberto Cuccia of Bellini Conservatory, Italy; Prof. Alvaro Romo, Secretary-General-elect of IAUP; and Prof. Ichiro Tanaka of Osaka College of Commerce, Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17347883", "title": "Tablets to overtake laptops globally by 2015: Report", "text": "LONDON: Popularity of tablets will grow around the world, overtaking shipments of laptops by 2015, according to a report.Leading tablets such as Apple's iPad and the Kindle Fire have been among the pricey gadgets flying off the shelf on Friday, often said to be the biggest shopping day of the year.Richard Shim, an analyst for market research firm DisplaySearch, forecasts that a total of 21.5 million tablets will be sold in the run-up to Christmas this year, the Daily Mail reports.In the fourth quarter, sales of tablets in North America are expected to exceed laptop purchases by as much as 50 per cent as millions invest in the gadgets.According to the report, just 14.6 million laptop computers are expected to ship over the same time period, the first quarter ever that tablets will have outsold notebooks.Over the course of the year as a whole, according to Shim, around the same number of laptops and tablets will be sold in North America, 56 million.The report said that next year, around 80 million tablets are expected to be sold in North America, against 64 million laptops.In 2015, the rest of the world will catch up with America, as 276 million tablets are sold globally while 270 million laptops are shipped, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344686", "title": "2G scam: Debate over quantum of loss is pointless", "text": "Yet again, we are witness to heated debates on the accuracy or otherwise of the CAG's estimates of the loss in the 2G spectrum scam. The figures being bandied about vary from under Rs 3,000 crore to the much-talked about Rs 1.76 lakh crore. This is really a completely pointless debate. What amount the government could have got if it had auctioned telecom spectrum in 2007 is not only academic today, it is not even the brunt of the CAG's own report. The real issues to be focussed on are how the allocation of licences and spectrum was done through a process that was non-transparent, arbitrary and hence unfair.Related story:  Sonia Gandhi joins CAG row, cites ex-official to attack BJP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343860", "title": "Lucknow likely to adorn bridal make-up for 1,000 weddings", "text": "LUCKNOW: All roads of the city would perhaps be leading to a wedding venue on this weekend. And as you step out to proceed, you would be greeted by people dancing and bursting crackers amid popular Bollywood wedding numbers. If conservative estimates by wedding planners are to be believed, then some 1,000 wedding will be solemnised on Saturday.Deepak Shukla, a businessman has received more than 15 wedding invitations. Now he is confused that whose wedding he should attend or miss. \"I am surprised with the huge number of wedding invitations. It is not possible for me or my wife to be present in all the weddings,\" he said.Like Shukla, mayor Dinesh Sharma has received 27 wedding invitation cards for the day. He is worried as everyone has requested him to shower blessings on the newly-married couple. The mayor has given confirmation to 16 marriages and for other, he will send a congratulatory message. Similarly, Lalji Tandon has got 30 invitations of marriages. Some weddings will be attended by him, others by his son, Ashutosh Tandon 'Gopal'.Explaining why so many people are getting married on Saturday, Kamal Sachdeva, a caterer and event planer said, \"Devotthan Ekadashi is falling on November 24 and on this day, Shaligram, a form of Lord Vishnu married Tulsi plant. And hence it is considered auspicious to get married on the day of Tulsi-vivah.\"Prominent caterers, bands, flower and light decorators, lawns, guest house and beauty parlours are all booked to their maximum capacity. Jamil Shamshi, a wedding decorator said, \"We have 25 bookings of marriage for November 24. Some people have even booked us a year ago.\"Endorsing similar views, Ram Kumar Azad, proprietor of a popular band in the city said, \"To meet out the excess demand, we have called additional four band groups from neighbouring districts like Hardoi, Moradabad and Bareilly. As many weddings are going to take place on Saturday, we have increased our capacity.\" He added that his band will be performing at nine weddings.As the wedding season has begun from November 23 and will end on December 15, the wedding planners informed about other peak dates of marriages in the city. Apart from November 24, many marriages will take place on November 28, 29, 30 and December 7, 9, 14 and 15.With the onset of wedding season, the wedding planners have come up with new themes in the marriages for Jaimaal (a ceremony in which bride and groom put garlands on each other). In 'London bridge' theme, a 20-feet high bridge will get fixed on the spot. And the bride and groom will come from opposite sides of bridge to perform Jaimaal. Another theme is 'water Jaimaal' in which the couple will perform the Jaimaal amidst fountains. Besides maharaja and temple themes are also popular.Talking about delicacies, Sachdeva said, \"This time in weddings, low calorie food and sugar-free sweets are high in demand. During wedding season, most of the people consume heavy food, which affect their health. But now people have become more aware and they do not want to take risk with their health.\"Story behind Tulsi vivah:According to the legend, the Tulsi plant was a woman named Vrida who was married to a demon king, Jalandhar. As she prayed from Lord Vishnu for the protection of her husband, no God was able to harm him. On the request of Lord Shiva, Vishnu disguised himself as Jalandhar and violated Vrida. Lord Shiva killed Jalandhar as Vrida's chastity was destroyed. Vrida cursed him to become black in colour and he was transformed into Shaligram stone. It is said that Virda also cursed him that he will be separated from his wife. In his next incarnation as Lord Ram, he was separated with his wife Sita. After the death of Jalandhar, Vrida burnt herself and Vishnu transferred her soul into Tulsi plant. As per a blessing, Vishnu in form of Shaligram married Tulsi in next birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344602", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDreamland\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 comes alive at Chandigarh carnival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Carnival 2012 began on a cheerful note at the Leisure Valley with artists from across the country adding to the joyous ambience. The uplifting beat of drums and streaks of colour left by brightly hued balloons released on the occasion, did justice to the theme of the carnival, Dreamland.Visitors and artists from diverse regions mingled with each other at the parade as it went across the city. Characters representing Dreamland made by students of the College of Arts added to the nearly surreal but cheerful mood. Day-long festivities included performances by artists from various states under the banner of the North Zone Cultural Centre and those from the city. The souvenir shop, pavilion of the Le Corbusier Centre and vintage car exhibition in the Museum and Art Gallery drew huge crowds.However, it was not all entertainment. The Chandigarh Police Department has set up a Children's Traffic Park at the venue. Stalls have also been put up by Chandigarh Tourism, Chandigarh Lalit Kala Academy, CEVA, Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Academy, Le Corbusier Centre, College of Arts, Home Science College, College of Architecture and College of Art.The highlight of the cultural programme in the evening was the Sikkim white lion dance and band performance. Punjabi singer Satinder Sartaj will perform at the carnival on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342616", "title": "Cops violate JJ Act, minor arrested in accident case", "text": "NOIDA: In a blatant violation of the Juvenile Justice Act (JJ Act), police on Wednesday evening 'arrested' a 17-year-old boy accused in a case of drunk and rash driving that led to an accident on November 12. Police said that they 'arrested' the boy and later let him out on bail even though the JJ Act clearly specifies that unless the accused has allegedly committed a crime of serious nature, such as rape or murder, an FIR can't be filed against a minor.This is the second such incident where the police have violated the JJ Act in the last fortnight, the first one involving a minor girl who was kept in the Mahila police station overnight for almost a week.The accused minor was brought to the police station by his father where he was arrested around 6.30pm. Following this he was released on bail granted on two sureties worth Rs 20,000 each, said the police. According to the JJ Act, the police can't name the minor in the FIR, let alone arrest him.The JJ Act guidelines are also on the Uttar Pradesh Police website. However, when asked about the case, the investigating officer Vivek Sharma said that since an FIR has been lodged the accused must be arrested. \"An FIR naming him has been lodged. The law must take its course and we had to arrest him. As far as the issue of his age is concerned, the age verification will take place subsequently,\" he said.The accused was travelling with five other friends in a Polo car on November 12 when their car crashed into a truck near Sector 15A on the DND flyway arm. The police said that following the incident, one of the crash victims was critically injured with most bones his face fractured. Doctors had even said that the victim may lose his vision permanently.Police said that the driver was underage and had allegedly been driving rashly under the influence of alcohol.The juvenile's father refused to comment on the incident. The victim's family said that they have no intention of going to court. \"Our first priority is my nephew's recovery. There is no intention of going to court immediately,\" said the victim's aunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17342256", "title": "Ponty Chadha's 'task force' worked as parallel excise department", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ponty Chadha controlled his Rs 12,000-crore liquor empire in Uttar Pradesh through his 1,500-strong private 'task force' that ran parallel to the government's excise department and maintained its own network of intelligence gathering.The main job of the 'task force' was to protect the business interests of the group, plug holes and crack down on liquor smuggling, said sources. The force, spread across the state with headquarters in Noida, was provided with the entire paraphernalia for conducting raids and had its own intelligence network. The team members were given cash rewards for seizing liquor smuggled into UP.And just like any government office, the department also had a well-defined hierarchy, a policy of transfer and posting, as well as punishment for non-performance.\"We too have come to know about this team but we are not sure if it is still operating,\" said a top state excise department official.Sources privy to the functioning of the Chadha Group's 'excise department' said that at the district level, the force comprised a district in-charge (DIC) who was answerable for fall in sales or returns from any district. The officer was provided with an SUV and gunners from private security agencies and was responsible for the output of his team of 16 subordinates, including a CIC (city in-charge), RIC (raid in-charge), GIC (group in-charge), OIC (office in-charge) and TIC (tehsil in-charge for smaller towns). This hierarchy was followed in all the 75 districts of the state.\"The team members would conduct surprise inspections at liquor stores and distribution centres to check if only the group's products were being supplied. Team members would pose as customers at outlets to verify the price being charged at outlets,\" said a member of the team in Moradabad, where it operated from a rented house in Budh Vihar of Awas Vikas Colony.The team had a well-oiled intelligence network that maintained its focus on illicit liquor being smuggled into the state and sold to outlets in border districts, said sources. The team was given a cash reward of Rs 50,000 for each truckload of smuggled liquor seized. The force was responsible for gathering intelligence, contacting the local excise and police department officials and escorting them to the seizure. While Chadha's men would get cash rewards, the excise and police department would get accolades for 'good work' without much sweat.Sources said often these members of the task force would strike a deal with moles in the local excise department who would inform them about movement of smuggled liquor.\"The force initially had a strength of two to five persons per district which was augmented as the business expanded. There was a time when the salary for this department was secured by selling the Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) at Rs 5-15 higher than the MRP,\" said a member of the team.He and other members of the force are now staring into uncertainty after Ponty's death, as their appointments were never formalized nor were they given any appointment letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346553", "title": "Even after 400 films, I'm hungry for work: Gulshan", "text": "When Gulshan Grover had promised a few days back that he will be making return trips to Lucknow all of this winter, he wasn't joking. The original 'bad' man was back in the city over last weekend to shoot for 'Bullet Raja', in which he plays the quintessential negative character, \"but an unusual one\" according to the actor.  Smiling just a little at the oft-repeated cliche, Gulshan added in explanation, \"On the one hand are these stalwarts as actors - Saif Ali Khan , Irrfan... and then there is my character that sets them off. I'm a person who you could say has the money muscle and everything that comes with it including power, relationships, all the wrongdoings. I'm a complex character, someone who frightens, intimidates and who is able to do this with the sheer might of moolah.\" And with this nugget Gulshan brought all talk of the film to an end, with another tried and tested cliche, \"I am not allowed to reveal more than this about my character.\" However, what interests us more is that in this day and age, when even the heroes insist on shades of grey in their character, how does the bad guy strive to maintain his niche in films. \"It's a fact, if you're good at something, you will get the same type of roles and it can get boring. And then, you will not even put your 100 per cent into the work. So, what I have always done is strive for a new look. I don't think I will be very wrong if I say that I was perhaps the first actor to really experiment with my looks for every film that I did. You now, there was a time when people like Aalim Hakim (hairstylist) would request to show my photographs to other actors and encourage them also to try a new hairstyle, or a goatee, or anything to make them look different. They would tell me, 'Sir aap toh experiment kar lete ho ... Maybe if we showed your photographs to other actors they too would be inspired.'\" As for heroes eager for a dash of negative to spice up their characters in films, Gulshan muses, \"All credit for that should go to SRK. You know, the year that he was nominated in the Filmfare Awards for Best Villain for Baazigar , was the same year that I was nominated in the same category for Sir and Paresh Rawal for another film. SRK won, and from the subsequent year the award was renamed 'Best Actor in a Negative Role'. So you see, SRK lent credibility to playing a negative character, and suddenly every hero wanted to be one.\"Bringing the conversation back to his dapper self, we asked Gulshan for the need to remain fit, as he appeared. Not really a figment of our imagination, since earlier in the day we had overheard several among the ladies collected in the lobby of the five-star he was putting up at, commenting, 'Is that really Gulshan Grover? Looks younger off the screen...' The actor was quick to accept the compliment and said, \"You know, people tell me you are 400-films old in the industry, but it isn't really something that strikes me. I can't sit back, I'm so hungry for more work. And so, it becomes almost default then to maintain myself mentally and physically. Aur phir yaar, yeh sunne mein achcha thodi lagta hai from all the backstage assistants ki, 'Phir pant ki kamar badhaani padegi! Pehli schedule mein toh iski itni waist this, ab badh gayi!' Really, they do talk like that...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344750", "title": "Wakf Board must wake up from its slumber", "text": "With four lakh properties and six lakh acres of land, the state wakf boards are the biggest owners of immovable properties after the Indian Railways and defence establishments. This was discovered by the Sachar Committee that was appointed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh some six years ago.Among all the state wakf boards, the one in Andhra Pradesh is considered to be the richest. It is the custodian of over 1,37,000 acres of land and 35,000 mosques, dargahs, chillas and other shrines with attendant large numbers of properties. Unfortunately, government apathy, mismanagement by the board and the indifference of the Muslim community have led to a situation where most of the properties are either under encroachment or entangled in legal wrangling.Ironically, the government is said to be the biggest encroacher of the wakf land. The AP State Wakf Board, until two years ago, earned a paltry Rs 2.52 crore and incurred Rs 3.28 crore expenditure annually. It depended heavily on the government support for its survival. Winds of change blowing across the state for the last about 15 years that led to phenomenal increase in land prices made the board aware that it was sitting on treasures in and around Hyderabad. It woke up from its slumber and rushed to salvage whatever it could, but by then the ground reality had changed. It came face to face with an uphill task in the rugged rocky terrain near Gachibowli where the government was doling out big chunks of wakf land to MNCs and major business houses to set up IT parks. This particular land in question was endowed to the Dargah of Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali, the 17th century engineer-saint who belonged to the family of ruling Qutub Shahs. The original wakf land was over 1800 acre. Encroachments and illegal selling had reduced it to 1652 acre 32 guntas when the Wakf Board decided to reclaim its custodianship. There ensued an epic legal battle wherein the board was not only pitched against the firms and persons who had reportedly bought the land but also against the government.The board and the management committee of the Dargah took up cudgels in the Wakf Tribunal and the high court. After moving back and forth, the case reached the high court where in April last it was judged to be wakf property. That verdict could have been a happy ending for the board. But it was not to be. The affected parties, particularly the Lanco Hills Technology Parks Private Limited, knocked at the Supreme Court doors, which in May stayed the high court order. The injunction of the apex court should have shaken the board to its core and made it mobilize all its human and material resources to challenge it as early as possible. Surprisingly the board through its uninspiring responses has given the impression that the Manikonda Jagir case, as it is popularly known, is one among the numerous it has been half heartedly fighting for years on. The board does not show that it understands the countrywide implications of winning or losing this case. One of the issues that have been consuming time is related to the selection of lawyers. The delayed launch of a search for a team of senior counsels revealed that the other parties involved in the case have already engaged almost all the big names dealing in wakf matters. While zeroing in on a set of counsels, Shafeeq Rahman Mahajir who had fought the case in high court and won, was asked to prepare the counter. Though he had readied the counter in one case over two months ago, it was vetted and finalised only last week. The work on the counter for the second part of the case has not been cleared yet.In the meantime, the managing committee of the Dargah has already submitted its counter about which the board is completely clueless. Though the two have to work in tandem, there is no coordination between them. According to legal experts even if the board gets ready with its responses in the next two weeks, it would take about two months for the case to be listed for hearing. The other reason for further delay could be non-preparation of the other parties to respond.The inexplicable slow pace adopted by the board is leading to precious loss of time. . wherein the third party interests are being reportedly created in the property ownership which would further complicate the case.The board should realise that more the delay, more murkier will the matter become. Is anybody listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346725", "title": "Century old iconic Gandhi Hall lying in a state of utter neglect", "text": "INDORE: The imposing structure of Gandhi Hall with its Indo Gothic architecture made in 1904 is in neglect. The heritage building is falling victim to the time, weather and neglect of the authorities.\"I have spent last 15 years working here and it is cleaned only if there is any major event. The ceiling here does not hold strong now and needs immediate attention and some portions of it shredding. Also the clock outside has stopped ticking for a year now,\" said Ashok Pawar, a caretaker.\"It comes under the ownership of the IMC, but the condition is surely not satisfactory. But I will abstain myself from saying much about the matter as it can jeopardize my job here, said Rajendra Kumar Bagdi, a senior caretaker.Conservation architect, Himashu Dudwadkar is also appalled by the condition of the structure.\"What looks like an embarrassment to this beautiful structure is the newly made Sulabh Shauchalaya there. It should be removed from there. Frederick Stevens, who made the famous Mumbai terminus, is the architect for this structure, and we should not let any new constructs like a toilet made there,\" he said.\"Gardens there should be well maintained and opened for public. Though the old building is strong but it cannot withstand the neglect for long.\"The spacious hall is big enough to host 2,000 people at a time, and is made using Seoni and Patan stones, reads the plaque at the entrance to the Gandhi Hall campus. It also reveals that its cost of construction was Rs 250 lakh. One of the main attractions of the Gandhi Hall has been the huge clock on the minaret, while the ceiling there is inspired by the Pocono style of architecture. Palladian arches adorn the hall. One can also spot there the minars and domes inspired by the Rajput style.PRO, IMC, Rajendra Garotia while talking about the matter said \"We have floated tenders recently to get the clock on the minaret repaired, and the Mayor on Friday itself instructed to get the patchwork on the ceiling done.\"King Edward VII Town Hall was re-christened as Gandhi Hall after independence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342900", "title": "BMC chalks out new policy for rooftop eateries", "text": "MUMBAI: In a boost to rooftop eateries in the city, the BMC has chalked out a new policy to give eating house licences to such hotels.According to the new policy, there are two mandates that a hotel which wants to have a rooftop eating space needs to fulfill. The first one is that the terrace should be a part of the hotel, and that of the total area of a terrace, there should construction on at least 300 sq-ft, and the rest can be used for seating. The second mandate is that the terrace should be a part of the computated FSI available on the building.\"If these two mandates are fulfilled, the BMC will issue eating house licence to the rooftop hotel,\" said additional municipal commissioner, Manisha Mhaiskar. She also added that there are a few hotels that are running such eateries illegally. The BMC will conduct a survey and if it finds such hotels, action will be taken against them, Mhaiskar said. One such licence has already been issued to a hotel in the eastern suburbs under the new policy. Experts say that with the city having a scenic view of the Arabian Sea, such laws will help in boosting tourism and will also rejuvenate the stagnant hotel industry.There are very few rooftop hotels in the city that have an unblocked view of the coastline. These were issued licences much earlier.A few members of the hotel association, who met senior officials in the BMC on Friday, were of the opinion that the BMC should consider charging of premium or considering transfer of development rights in lieu of FSI in cases were the FSI is used up.This policy has also been designed keeping in mind a directive issued by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on making the city more tourist-friendly.\"Harmless entertainment like having a nice family dinner on a rooftop eatery overlooking the vast expanse of the sea should be legalized,\" said a civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343852", "title": "Maharashtra demands Rs 2,400 crore sought for distressed districts relief fund", "text": "PUNE: The state has demanded about Rs 2,400 crore assistance from the Union government for undertaking relief measures in 11 distressed districts that received less than 75% normal rainfall creating severe shortage of fodder and water. Crops in these areas are on the verge of dying.The grim situation was discussed with the nine member inter-ministerial central team that is on a visit to the state since Wednesday.A detailed presentation was made for the committee at the office of divisional commissioner and the meeting was attended by collectors of seven districts that werevisited by the central team and top state officials from revenue, relief and rehabilitation departments.Milind Mhaiskar, secretary and project director, relief and rehabilitation, told TOI, \"The state government has sent a memorandum to the Union government about measures taken for controlling the drought-like situation. The Union government has sent its team to review the situation and to take stock of various aspects such as the total population, cattle, cropping pattern and estimated investment, water supply schemes for irrigation and drinking purpose.\" The team will submit its report to the Union government soon, he added.According to the report presented by state agriculture department , three demands were made to the team. The department demandedRs 1,016.2 crore for increasing vegetable supply and plastic material for storing water for longer period. The amount is for 131 talukas from 11 districts such as Dhule, Jalgaon, Ahmednagar, Pune, Satara, Sangli, Solapur, Beed, Osmanabad, Nanded and Jalna. Among these, Jalna received least rainfall. While the average rainfall of the district is 690mm, it actually received only 325mm.Another Rs 820.51 crore was sought for desilting water sources, well recharge and repairing of old water sources of small and medium size. The department has also sought Rs 583.29 crore to give compensation to farmers who have either lost their crops or will incur losses in the coming days. Crops in over 30 lakh hectares in the 11 districts are likely to be damaged, the report stated.Of the 355 talukas in the state, only one taluka has received less than 25% of normal rainfall, followed by 42 talukas that received up to 50% rainfall. Eighty-eight talukas reported rainfall up to 75%, but all these talukas are expected to produce very little foodgrain and pulses this season. Konkan and Vidarbha regions and Kolhapur district have received good rainfall this year, the report mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344578", "title": "Decks cleared for Haldia Dock-II", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre has cleared the proposed port facility at Salukkhali/Rupnarayanchak in East Midnapore. The location is a few kilometers north of the existing Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). This will allow Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) to seek Requests For Proposals (RFPs) from companies interested in investing in the project that will be built on a public-private partnership basis. Fifteen companies, including Shapoorji Pallonji, Adani, Jindal, Gammon India and Concast-Hyundai had responded to the Request For Qualifications (RFQs) sought by KoPT.\"The proposed port facility is being called Haldia Dock - II North and South. The estimated cost for the North complex will be Rs 821.4 crore. For the South complex, it will be Rs 886.1 crore. Once the Letter of Intent (LoI) is issued, it will take about three years to complete the port facility. By then, we shall also lay dedicated tracks from Basulia-Sutahata to the new port,\" said AK Bose, manager (railways), HDC.KoPT envisages that each of the complexes will be able to handle 11.7 million tonne per annum. Each will have a multipurpose berth and a mechanized one. The mechanized berths will have grab unloaders, stackers, reclaimers and wagon loaders. Most importantly, all four berths will be outside the port confines. Ships calling on HDC or other impounded dock systems need to negotiate lockgates. This restricts movement. The draught at Salukkhali is about 9 metres. This is sufficient for ships as well as barges that will be used for transloading at the Sandheads.\"We have already received 163 acres from the government. We have asked for 17 acres more for the railway link. The acquisition process has already started.,\" Bose said.Some of the cargo may also be moved through inland waterways. CESC is building a power plant close to the new port facility. While some of the cargo will move to this (2X300 MW) plant, a lot more may be moved in barges to Budge Budge, officials believe. The Haldia Development Authority (HDA) has already cleared a 35-metre wide rail corridor from Basulia-Sutahata to the power plant. The port will also use this corridor for its rail link. The additional 17 acres required is for the link from the power plant to the port.Even if there is some delay in acquisition of the 17 acres, the port can start functioning. According to sources, a tripartite agreement has been reached between HDA, CESC and KoPT for use of the existing rail link up to the power plant. KoPT is quite upbeat about the clearance obtained from the Centre. After all, this port facility will come up solely through the KoPT initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17343423", "title": "National artists' camp at Pilar", "text": "GOA: A national artists' camp organized by Kerala Lalithakala Akademi, Thrissur and art, an initiative of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India Office for Social Communications (CBCI-OSC), New Delhi, will be held at Pilar Theological College, Pilar, from November 25 to December 1. St Andre MLA and Kala Academy chaiman Vishnu Surya Waghwill inaugurate the artists' camp. Ten senior artists from Kerala and five artists from Goa will participate. Paintings will be on display at Pilar Theological College from November 30 onwards. During the artist's camp, the Pilar Theological College will host an exhibition of paintings on 'Communicator of compassion', 'Mother Teresa series of paintings' at Pilar museum hall.Seminar on Christmas stories: The Jesuit Fathers of Pedro Arrupe Institute, Raia, as part of the 'Year of Faith 2012-13' will organize a one-day seminar on the 'Birth stories of Jesus' in English, on November 25 at its premises, from 9am to 4pm. The seminar will reflect on the birth narratives of Jesus in the gospels of Matthew and Luke, states a press note. For details and registration call on 8805570108, 2776917 or 2858323; or email at deepenyourfaith@gmail.com. Last date to register is November 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343691", "title": "Homealone woman smothered to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A mother of two boys was smothered to death when she was alone at home on 9th cross, Viratnagar, near Bommanahalli, on Friday afternoon.Zabina Taj, 33, was found smothered to death, her hands and legs tied tight with cloth, and her face wrapped in a towel used to suffocate her.Her husband SS Babu told police that gold ornaments and cash worth over Rs 10 lakh were missing from the house. But police are yet to conclude it is a murder for gain.The family stayed on the ground floor of their four-storey building, off Hosur Road.The murder took place during the one-hour window when Zabina's family members had gone out for prayers. Babu said he left home at 1.30pm and returned around 2.15pm to find his wife's body lying limp in the bedroom.\"I had often told her to close the door properly when she was alone at home and not allow any strangers in,\" Babu said, tears welling up in his eyes, when a policeman said the door was found open.\"Everything went on as usual since morning. She made breakfast for us. I was at home till about 1.30pm and then left for the afternoon prayers. When I got back, the door was open, I went inside and found her dead,\" he said.Babu was later taken to Madiwala police station for questioning.The couple was married for 17 years and had two sons, Nadeem, 16, and Saleem, 14. Nadeem had also gone to a mosque for prayers at the time of his mother's murder. While Babu had gone to the mosque near his house, the boy said he had gone to another mosque.Saleem was in school. \"When I came home, there was a crowd in front of the house. A person told me that someone had killed Ammi,\" said Nadeem.Babu said gold ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh and around Rs 42,000 cash kept for maintenance work were missing from the house.An investigator at the crime scene said there were no marks on her body or any sort of injury, except for some blood stains on her lips. \"At this point, we can say the reason for the murder was gain. The attacker used cotton towels in the bathroom to kill her and tie up her limbs; a towel was used to cover her mouth and nose,\" said another officer. A fingerprint squad also scanned the house for clues.The couple had constructed the building eight years ago in the crowded locality with narrow lanes. Houses on the three top floors had been rented out, but none of the tenants were in town on Friday.Sleuths said they suspect someone close to the family had committed the murder as there was no sign of forceful entry into the house. \"We're not ruling out the involvement of close family members,\" said an officer.Easy targetsDec 6, 2011: Homemaker Manjula, 38, found with her throat slit in her house in Subbanna Garden, Vijayanagar.Feb 15, 2012: Suvarnamma's throat slit in her rented outhouse in Annapoorneshwarinagar near Vijayanagar.June 25, 2012: Prema Naidu, 84, smothered to death in her bungalow in RPC Layout, Vijayanagar.Aug 2, 2012: Kalaivani, 48, strangled at her residence in Meenakashi Layout, Parappana Agrahara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344711", "title": "Trade fair records mixed usage", "text": "NEW DELHI: It has been a month since Delhiites were informed about the ban on plastic bags. However, when the ban on the use of plastic carry bags came into effect on Friday, not everybody fell in line. Quite a few visitors at the trade fair could be seen using plastic bags, even as they claimed to be aware of the ban.One of the visitors at the Rajasthan pavilion, Meenakshi, was sitting outside the stall holding a white polythene bag containing stuffed toys and clothes. \"I am aware of the ban; the talk has been on for a month now. I had no option as I was offered a polythene bag to carry the goods I had bought,\" said the 19-year-old student. When asked if she had brought a cloth bag, the answer was \"no\".Though some were casual about the ban, a change was discernible at the fair with many bringing along cloth bags. Even the ones carrying plastic bags supported the ban. \"I'm aware of the ban, but people continue to use poly bags. As I did not carry a cloth bag, I had to accept a plastic bag from the shopkeeper,\" said Usha Kumari.Officials at Indian Trade Promotion Organisation said they have put in place all measures to facilitate implementation of the ban. \"The premises and the fair have been a plastic-free zone for the last three years. We have also provided badges and passes to the enforcement agencies, so that they can check the use of plastic bags in the fair. Also, 20 booths have been given to NGOs for providing alternatives to plastic bags,\" said P C Sharma, general manager, ITPO.\"We have received complaints about the use of polythene bags, but we cannot enforce the ban ourselves. We have made it easier", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346359", "title": "Industrialists protest against municipal corporation", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the stinking sewerage water overflowed and made its way to the factories in Focal Point Phase IV, industrialists came out in protest against the municipal corporation for its failure to clean the sewerage lines in the area.S C Ralhan, president, Ludhiana Tools Manufacturing Association and former regional chairman of Engineering Exports Promotion Council of India said these two lanes and two roads in Focal Point Phase IV have been in a deplorable condition since 2009, spreading a foul smell in the area. The stinking water enters the factory premises and the industrialists are left with no other option but to protest, he added.Ralhan said the level of roads in their area has risen after re-carpeting of roads numerous times and thus, the water flows into the factories. \"We have complained to the MC officials many times, but nothing has been done till date to improve the situation. This is why we are forced to come out on roads and protest,\" he added.Another industrialist who has his unit in the area Sushil Grover said the condition of the area does not let them invite their buyers to the units. \"The pathetic state of the surroundings leaves a poor impression on the clients. Around 44 industrial units from the area are contemplating to move to a different locality, as they are left with no other option owing to the apathy of the civic authorities,\" said Grover.The overflowing sewerage also makes it tough for some of the industrialists to reach their factories. Industrialist Surinder Mahendru, who participated in the protest, said, \"Reaching the office has become difficult as the roads are inundated with overflowing stinking sewerage water. The sewerage pipeline is narrow and hasn't been cleaned for a long time.\" The other industrialists who joined the protest were Satvinderpal Singh Arora, Ashok Kumar , Shiv Kant, Satish Behl, Surinder Singh, Parag Chawla, Anil Gupta , Kamal Goyal, Parampreet Singh, Sanjay Aggarwal and Punit Dhingra, Naval Kumar and Ritesh Goyal among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17344773", "title": "US expresses concern over Egyptian President Mursi seizing more power", "text": "WASHINGTON: Following the Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi's decision to seize more power for himself through a decree, US has expressed concern for Egyptians and for the international communities, as country witnessed new round of protests.\"The decisions and declarations announced on November 22 raise concerns for many Egyptians and for the international community,\" the State Department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland, on Friday said in a statement.\"One of the aspirations of the revolution was to ensure that power would not be overly concentrated in the hands of any one person or institution,\" Nuland said.\"The current constitutional vacuum in Egypt can only be resolved by the adoption of a constitution that includes checks and balances and respects fundamental freedoms, individual rights and the rule of law consistent with Egypt's international commitments,\" she said.\"We call for calm and encourage all parties to work together and call for all Egyptians to resolve their differences over these important issues peacefully and through democratic dialogue,\" Nuland said in an apparent reference to the protest against the decision of the Egyptian president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344713", "title": "Aircel told to pay 5 paise per SMS to Vodafone", "text": "NEW DELHI: The telecom disputes tribunal directed Aircel to pay SMS termination fee of 5 paise per message to Vodafone till the matter is finally resolved by it. It also directed Vodafone to immediately restore its interconnection of SMSs generated on Aircel's network.Passing an interim order, the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal ( TDSAT) asked Aircel to pay 5 paise, half of Vodafone's demand of 10 paise per SMS, as termination fee.Termination charges are paid by an operator on whose network calls or SMSs originate to the one on whose network these communications end. The charges impact tariffs.A single-member bench of PK Rastogi was of view that if SMS services between the two operators are disconnected then the consumers would suffer. agencies\"There is a need to examine whether the rates of termination charges demanded by the respondent (Vodafone) are in accordance with the regulation ... and whether such charges are transparent, reciprocal and nondiscriminatory,\" it said.The tribunal asked Vodafone to file a reply to Aircel's plea within three weeks. It also granted two weeks time to Aircel to file the rejoinder. agenciesThe matter has been listed for January 10, 2013 for final hearing.In October, Vodafone had demanded Rs 40 crore as SMS termination fee plus applicable tax for the period between April 2011 and September 2012, which was opposed by Aircel.Vodafone had asked Aircel to clear the dues within 15 days by November 9, 2012. It had also disconnected the SMS termination facility in 5 circles.It was opposed by Aircel contending that arrangement between them for SMS services was on \"bill and keep basis\" and Vodafone had unilaterally proposed charging 10 paise SMS termination, which was \"arbitrary and illogical\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343273", "title": "Firm suspended for slow progress in Metro work", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking action against the slow progress of civil construction work for Jaipur Metro tracks, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) suspended work of the contracted firm, DSC, from many of the work sites, and handed them over another firm.The work will now be done by ITD, another contracted firm already engaged in civil construction of the Jaipur Metro.\"To meet the deadline, we have decided to suspend the work of the firm from a site as it was not able to perform. The contracted company ITD will start the work from December 1,\" project director Lalit Meghnani said.So far, the DMRC has not started the work for the elevated track between the railway station and the Sindhi Camp. Now, the corporation has decided that ITD will construct 34 piers proposed between the two stations. \"In one month, around seven to eight pillars can be constructed. It would require at least four months to construct all the pillars between the two stations. The piling work for the pillars has already been started,\" Meghnani said.According to officials, majority of the civil construction work for the Jaipur metro rail project is done by DSC. The firm has work jurisdiction on the 9.25 kilometre metro route from Mansarovar to Ramnagar and from Ajmer Road flyover to Chandpole. ITD is responsible for construction of the elevated Bus Rapid Transit System ( BRTS) and double viaduct on Ajmer road.\"ITD has completed approximately 70% of the civil construction, while the DSC is still way behind to achieve the desired target,\" an official said.Sources said the DMRC plans to complete civil construction of the metro elevated track from Mansarovar to the railway station by June 2013, the deadline of Metro completion. \"As it seems nearly impossible to complete the entire project on time, the DMRC will construct the tracks and run the metro from Mansarovar to the railway station first,\" the official said.Meghnani, however, added, \"This possibility can only be explored only after reviewing the project in March 2013. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343503", "title": "Novena for the feast of St Francis Xavier starts today", "text": "PANAJI: The nine-day novenas in preparation for the feast of Goa's patron saint, Francis Xavier, will commence on Saturday with the first mass at 6am and seven more daily throughout the day at Old Goa.A special pandal has been erected outside the Basilica of Bom Jesus to accommodate the devotees thronging the former capital from various parts of the state, country and world.The theme of the novenas this year is 'By faith, like St Francis Xavier , to life in abundance'.The daily novena masses will be celebrated till December 2, at 6am, 7.15am, 8.15am, 9.30am, 10.30am, 3.45pm, 5.15pm and 6.15pm.All the masses will be in Konkani, barring the evening mass at 6.15pm in English. On Sunday, November 25, the 11.30am mass will be in Tamil, 12.30pm in Malayalam and 2.30pm in Hindi.On November 30, a mass in Portuguese will be celebrated at 11.30am. The Marathi masses on December 1 and 2 will be at 11.30am. While on the feast day, December 3, a Spanish mass will be celebrated at 3pm.During the novenas, till December 1, an evocative programme, 'Deepening your faith with St Francis Xavier', will be held for 15 minutes after the 6.15pm English mass.The novena mass at 8.15am has been allotted to Consua, Usgao, Sao Bras, Carmona, Arambol, Calvim, Tivim, Velsao and Chorao parishes as per the respective day sequence from November 24 onwards.A special 'healing of the sick' will be held during the 3.45pm mass on November 26.On the feast day morning, masses will be celebrated at 4am, 5am, 6am, 7am, 8am and 9am. The feast high mass at 10.30am will be concelebrated by main celebrant, bishop Anil Couto, archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao, archbishop emeritus Raul Gonsalves and bishop of Sindhudurg Allwyn Barreto.A mass will also be celebrated at 12.30pm, while other masses through the day are scheduled at 3pm (in Spanish), 4pm and 5pm (Konkani) and 6pm (English).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "17344342", "title": "Pick PM in a week: Nepal president to parties", "text": "KATHMANDU: After months of informal attempts to end the political deadlock, Nepal's President Ram Baran Yadav on Friday asked all political parties to agree on a new prime minister within a week. \"Today's call by the president has begun a legal process on a constitutional basis whereas earlier the attempts were informal discussions with political parties,\" said Rajendra Dahal, press advisor to the president. \"If political parties do not reach an agreement over a new government within a week, they will be given more time but now the process will end in some kind of resolution.\"Since the dissolution of parliament in May, after political parties failed to agree on a new constitution, the opposition has been calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai. Bhattarai in turn refused, asking the opposition to first agree on the amendment of the interim constitution to hold elections. There is no provision in the current constitution for fresh polls.Bhattarai had initially called for elections on November 22. However, since it could not be held, he announced that elections will be in mid-May next year and asked the opposition to help it happen. In an address to the nation on Thursday, Bhattarai said that he would not \"stand in the way\" of a political agreement to end the current deadlock.Regional parties from southern Nepal are the main coalition partners in the Maoist-led government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17344426", "title": "Woman files case against NRI paediatrician who forged documents to secure divorce", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police are on the lookout for an NRI paediatrician settled in Australia after his first wife lodged a complaint here accusing him of securing divorce from an Australian court by producing forged documents. He remarried soon after and is presently living with his second wife in Canberra. The victim has claimed that a divorce plea filed by her husband was pending before the Madras high court since 2009. Without informing her he got divorce orders from Australia after he produced fake documents carrying her forged signature. Based on her complaint the city police have registered a complaint against her husband and three family members including his parents.According to the victim, E Thillai Eswari (38), she was a dentist who had married K Karthikeyan (43), a medical practitioner in 2001. The couple soon moved to Canberra in Australia where Thillai delivered a baby boy in 2002. She is originally from Mettupalayam village near Thiruchengode in Namakkal district. \"My husband started demanding money from my family and he constantly harassed me,\" said Thillai Eswari.Thillai returned to Namakkal along with her son when her father Eswaran passed away in 2003 and she remained with her family. Meanwhile, her marital relationship soured and Karthikeyan filed a divorce plea in Namakkal court in 2005. But the petition was eventually rejected by the court which reportedly forced Karthikeyan to conspire and secure a divorce from the Australian court. Thillai Eswari has alleged that Karthikeyan exploited the legal options in Australia where a couple who live separately for more than a year will be granted a divorce provided there is mutual consent.\"He(Karthikeyan) produced fake documents before the Federal Magistrate Court in Canberra where he wrongly gave his father's address as his wife's. Consequently, the divorce papers were sent to his parents and they forged her signature and sent the papers back to Australia,\" said Thillai Eswari.Karthikeyan remarried in 2010 and the victim claimed that it was only then she came to know about his divorce and also tried to get in touch with Australian authorities. She decided to file a complaint with local police as she is presently residing in Singanallur along with her 10-year-old son. Based on her complaint city police have registered a case against Karthikeyan, his father Kulasekaran, mother Thangammal and sister-in-law Kalavathi at Singanallur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17343652", "title": "Cops felicitated for searching missing kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gandhinagar range police officials along with a team of UNICEF fundraising committee from Belgium felicitated six policemen from three districts on Thursday in Gandhinagar for their exemplary work in finding out the missing kids and helping the cause of policemen in the state.\"The policemen including P O Bhatt, inspector, Kalol police station, S N Patel, inspector, B Division police station, Mehsana, V S Champavat, sub-inspector, Sector 7 police station, Gandhinagar, B M Rathva, sub-inspector, Adajal police station and police constables Raichand Ratnaji and Jeetendrasinh Vijendrasinh from Gambhoi police station, were given certificate of commendation and prize by the senior police and UNICEF officials,\" said a Gandhinagar police official.Shamsher Singh, range inspector general of police, Gandhinagar, Michel Lorge, president of fundraising committee from Belgium and Sharad Singhal, superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, and other officials participated in the event.According to Gandhinagar range police officials, a special programme for policemen to sensitize them about the children and women issues was organized in June in collaboration with UNICEF's Gandhinagar office where more than 1,500 policemen participated. After the event, the policemen showed exemplary work and commitment and even found the missing kids in record time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343628", "title": "Govt cancer hospital to come up at Gajaria", "text": "LUCKNOW: The proposed cancer hospital in the city would come up over an area of about 50 acres along the Chak Ganjaria farm on Sultanpur Road. Stating this at a meeting to review the progress of the hospital here on Friday, chief secretary Jawed Usmani directed officials to complete the proceedings for transfer of land as soon as possible. Usmani also directed the constitution of expert advisory committee to give a final shape to the plan.The hospital was proposed by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav soon after he took over. The medical education department which has been delegated the responsibility to make the project operational is busy preparing its blue print. According to officials, the hospital will turned into a centre of excellence in oral cancer.Sources said that a primary outline for the cancer hospital that was prepared by an expert group comprising director, JK Cancer Institute, Dr AK Dixit, has already submitted its report. Officials associated with the project said that the CM's dream project would \"borrow positive characteristics from India's best institutes\" and devise a model of its own.It if for this that the expert group is studying the models of cancer centers in India including Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai and Rajiv Gandhi Cancer Hospital, Delhi.They claimed that several features in cancer hospital will have an edge over other centers. \"For the first time, a cancer psychology department is being planned in any cancer institute. The department will help improve the quality of life of cancer patients in the terminal stage,\" said an officer. Pain management , hospice and palliative care are some of the other interesting features. The model for funding, as in government funded, public private partnership or charitable, is also being examined. Officials however remained silent on the model of funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolar gold fields", "code": "17343779", "title": "Furious Kolar Gold Fields shuts down", "text": "KOLAR GOLD FIELDS: The town of abandoned gold mines shut down in protest against an unconfirmed proposal to turn its mine pits into a nuke waste dump.People from all walks of life, including school children, participated in various protests. All business houses, including cinema halls, hotels, government offices, educational institutions remained closed in support of the bandh. KSRTC, private buses and autorickshaws were off the roads. The public sector Bharat Earth Movers Ltd was also closed as thousands of its employees supported the bandh.The agitation remained peaceful and no violence was reported, officials said. However, irate public burnt a flex cutout of Union minister and Kolar MP K H Muniyappa.Earlier in the day, BJP activists led by local legislator Y Sampangi took out a procession and staged a dharna near Soorajmal Circle in KGF, demanding the resignation of Muniyappa. JD(S) activists marched in a procession and burnt the minister's effigy near College Circle.Minister pushes for mines revivalMinister of state K H Muniyappa met Union mines minister Dinsha Patel and urged him to take suitable steps to revive the defunct mines instead of turning them into a nuke dumpyard. \"There is still vast scope to explore the mines with the latest technology and also by recycling the tailings (cyanide dumps),'' he added.Muniyappa said the UPA government has already taken a decision to revive BGML. \"The Centre itself is defending the case by filing an appeal in the Supreme Court against the orders of the Karnataka high court. How can we go against our own decision?'' Muniyappa said, allaying apprehensions among his constituents.Meanwhile, BJP leaders led by state president KS Eshwarappa will meet governor HR Bhardwaj on Saturday and submit a memorandum on the proposal.WE'LL OPPOSE IT: CM\"The Union government didn't consult us on its plans to turn Kolar gold mines into a nuclear dump. We've apprised the Centre about the anxiety among the people. But if the Centre pursues it, we shall oppose it,\"said Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344685", "title": "Farmhouse shootout: Cops say sequence now clear", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police believes it finally has some \"fair idea\" about the chain of events that led to the November 17 shootout that killed liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep. The questioning of over 100 people, including sacked Uttarakhand Minorities Commission chairman Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, cleared the picture, police said on Friday. But they added that this may not be the last word as they are yet to get the ballistic report.While it's no secret that there was simmering tension between Ponty and Hardeep over property, police say a payout of Rs 1,500 crore acted as the trigger for the bloodbath. Ponty was planning to pay the money to Hardeep to settle the dispute over two farmhouses\u00e2\u20ac\u201dno. 42 at Chhatarpur and G-19 at Bijwasan. Both were in Hardeep's possession for a while. But nearly three months ago, Hardeep started demanding a greater share in family property, allegedly on the instigation of a few \"outsiders\". He even started misbehaving with his elder brother and put up a sale notice at the Chhatarpur farmhouse. Ponty, acting on the counsel of Namdhari, decided to wrest control of both the farmhouses from his brother.Sources informed that both brothers called a meeting at 9.30am on November 17 at the family's 21 Oak Drive home. Hardeep left for Noida after the meeting concluded, while Ponty and Namdhari chalked out their strategy to claim both farmhouses. The \"force\" assembled to do the job also had men loyal to Hardeep.Ponty's men barged into the farmhouses, roughed up Hardeep's men and snatched their cellphones before turning them out; some were even locked up inside another farmhouse. Ponty, meanwhile, asked Hardeep's maid to leave the 21 Oak Drive residence even as she was readying her master's children for school. When news reached Hardeep, he rushed to the Chhatarpur farmhouse in a fit of rage. He drove his Mercedes and carried with him two .30 Mauser and .32 Beretta pistols with 145 rounds of ammunition.Around noon, Ponty and Namdhari drove down to the Chhatarpur farmhouse in Ponty's Land Cruiser. Upon reaching, Ponty asked his security manager, Narender Ahlawat, to fetch the keys (Ponty's men had put up new locks across the farmhouse). Just when Narender was opening the gate, Hardeep arrived with his PSOs\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe latter, including the Punjab Police men, came in a Ford Figo. Hardeep first abused Narender, and then whipped out a pistol and fired at his ankle. The next shot missed its target and hit the gate. Ponty tried to come out of the car even as Hardeep went towards him and fired at his leg. Ponty tried to save himself by first kicking his brother and then trying to throw him off balance by flinging the door towards him. Namdhari's PSO Sachin Tyagi was already out of the vehicle by this time.Ponty was shot five more times and slumped on the seat. Namdhari, had taken cover behind the rear wheels. Hardeep trained his gun on Namdhari when Tyagi shot at him thrice with his 9mm carbine. Hit twice, Hardeep dragged himself to the guard room to reload his weapon. Moments later, his PSOs rushed in and found him dead. Ponty, by then, was on his way to Fortis Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342813", "title": "Unseating case: Vasai duo apologize", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vasai Railway Protection Force on Thursday arrested Pascal Fernandes and Leo Dabre, part of a train group, following a commuter complaint that the duo prevented him from occupying a seat on a Vasai train.Other members of their group tried to stop the police from taking them away. The police warned them of stern action if they interfered with their work.Fernandes and Dabre, who confessed to the unseating, were booked under Section 145 (C) of the Indian Railway Act for wilfully interfering with an amenity provided by the railway administration and affecting the comfortable travel of any passenger. The railway court at Vasai fined the two Rs 300 each, said Pushpendra Singh, senior inspector, Vasai RPF.In his complaint, D'Cunha had named Fernandes and Dabre along with two unidentified commuters. D'Cunha said, \"I reached the station early and jumped inside the train for a seat. But I was forced to get up by a group of over 15 commuters. I tried to explain that I had earned the seat but ended up being manhandled.\" He continued the rest of the journey standing.Recalling the ordeal, D'Cunha said the men pulled him out of the seat and one of them slept on the long seat, which is reserved for senior citizens. They then sat down to eat and chucked the remains at him, D'Cunha alleged.The complainant managed to note down the names of Fernandes and Dabre as they were calling out to each other. Dabre refered to Fernandes as uncle and even took down his new cellphone number. An alert D'Cunha, too, noted it down and passed it on to the police. When the cops entered the compartment, they first dialled the number. When Fernandes answered the call, one of the cops approached him and asked him to alight. They then inquired about Dabre who too was in the compartment and asked him to alight.Fernandes, a resident of Vishal Nagar, Vasai (West), and Dabre, who stays at Jasodi, Bhuigaon, Vasai (West), are employed in private firms at Churchgate. They apologized and promised to never unseat anyone again.Both Fernandes and Dabre did not board the 8.19am Vasai train on Friday, said the police who kept a vigil on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17343935", "title": "Govt has no plan to fight fire engulfing cultural heritage", "text": "MANALI: With the onset of dry winters, villages of Kullu have once started losing well-known cultural heritage of the district -- houses build in kath-kuni style of architecture -- to frequent fires. But government has no plan to check the destruction of years' old precious houses.In yet another fire, eight families of Vashisht village of Manali were rendered homeless on Thursday night. According to Manali fire officer Sant Ram, the houses of Roop Das, Khimi Ram, Pritam, Iram, Ludar Chand, Puran Chand, Janak Raj and Neerat Ram were destroyed in the blaze. \"The fire spread so fast in a kath-kuni house that they could not save anything,\" he said. The total loss was estimated to be over Rs 70 lakh. \"It's so cold and these eight families could not even save their woollen clothes. What would they do now?\" wondered Gupt Ram Thakur, a neighbour of the victims.According to sources, 27 incidents of fire have destroyed property worth Rs 3.11 crore since January in Manali alone. Lack of awareness, sluggish fire service, lack of roads, crowded villages, old electricity wiring, stocking of fodder and firewood in houses are leading to extinction of kath-kuni architectural style of Kullu. Fire has gutted three complete villages and over 500 traditional wooden houses in five years.According to fire officers, short circuit due to old wiring and high electricity load is the main cause of fire in traditional houses. Dry fodder and firewood stuffed inside the houses also lead to fires which becomes uncontrollable within few minutes. Government says it runs public awareness programmes in villages to avoid such incidents but according to sources, no such programmes have been run in any village.\"Many times we are told to store fodder away from the house, but it is not possible for a poor family to afford separate land and roof for grass,\" remarks Annu Sharma, resident of Vashisht village.Most of the fire incidents in Kullu occur during dry winter season. Some villages are over 100km away from the nearest fire station and most of them are grappling with the lack of water.Though Himachal fire department is planning to install personal fire hydrants in densely-populated villages with the help of a water tank over the village, but except for Chansu village of Kinnaur, the plan has not been executed in any other village of the state.Major fires in KulluJanuary 2008: Fire destroyed 150 houses in Malana villageNovember 2008: 35 houses were reduced to ashes in Solang villageNovember 2007: 50 houses were destroyed in Mohani village", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342595", "title": "Bizman cries kidnap, cops say road rage", "text": "NOIDA: A Delhi-based exporter has alleged that he was stopped on the Mahamaya flyover in Noida by four armed youths who attempted to kidnap him on Wednesday night. Police, however, said that the incident was a road rage case.The victim, Rajiv Sharma, a resident of Greater Kailash, said that a car hit his Mercedes from the back on the flyover. After this, the driver of the other car, Satya Narayan, stopped his vehicle and got out.When Sharma got out of his car, he saw youths coming at him with pointed guns.Sharma alleged that the four armed youths tried to force him into their own car and threatened to shoot him if he didn't comply.The victim, however, ran and crossed the road to escape. He then called the cops but by then the accused had fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343310", "title": "Indian Cinema at Cannes now", "text": "PANAJI: The Festival de Cannes organizers announced on Friday at the NFDC Film Bazaar 2012 that India would be the third 'Guest Country' at Cannes following Egypt in 2011 and Brazil in 2012 to showcase its cinema at the Cannes film festival. India has been chosen as it celebrates completion of 100 years of its cinema this year. The Festival de Cannes chosen the NFDC film bazaar to announce its plans to welcome a large delegation from the Indian film industry to Cannes to celebrate one hundred years since the birth of Indian cinema.\"The Festival de Cannes is delighted to celebrate one of the most important countries in the world of cinema, a country with a prestigious history and tradition, one whose current day and creative impulses are a perennial example of vitality,\" the official statement by Cannes film festival states.The Festival de Cannes will be held from May 15th to 26th, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343602", "title": "One-litre Rail Neer to cost Rs 15", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, Rail Neer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d packaged drinking water supplied by the railways in trains and platforms \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will cost Rs 15 for a one-litre bottle.Railways has cleared the proposal to increase the rate of Rail Neer from Rs 12 to Rs 15. While, the price of 500 ml bottle will be raised from Rs 8 to Rs 10.IRCTC, a railway PSU, has to finalize a date for implementation of the new rate.IRCTC manufactures Rail Neer at three locations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Nangloi (Delhi), Danapur (Bihar) and Palur (near Chennai) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with a cumulative production capacity of 3.80 lakh bottles (1 litre capacity) per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344360", "title": "Withdrawal of charges is not enough", "text": "Withdrawal of charges against the two girls involved in this case is far from being sufficient to meet the needs of justice. As we have said earlier, they must also be compensated for the trauma they have had to undergo as a result of a wrongful arrest. Further, there must be legal action against the policemen involved for illegally holding them. Mere departmental action against them or a transfer will not do. This is particularly true for the senior policemen involved who should have known better than to apply the IT Act in such a draconian fashion.Related Story  :  Magistrate should have freed Facebook girls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17342600", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 90L looted from Ghaziabad showroom", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Unidentified criminals burgled a jewellery showroom in Ghaziabad and fled with loot worth Rs 90 lakh in the early hours on Wednesday. The showroom is owned by one Ravinder Singhal. Enraged jewellers alleged that five major burglaries have been committed in the last six month and even though the modus operandi in all cases is same, police have failed to crack even a single case.Jewellers suspect that security guards deployed in the market may be involved in the crime. They protested against the police and have decided to call a bandh on Friday.Ghaziabad SP (City) SS Yadav said, \"The incident took place between 12am and 2am. The burglars scaled a wall and entered the jewellery showroom through the roof. They broke open three gates of the three-storey building with the help of gas cutters and made off with jewellery worth Rs 90 lakh. We have formed three teams to crack the case.\"His elder brother Devender Singhal told TOI that his brother and other employees had closed the showroom on Wednesday night at 9 pm and the matter was come into notice in the morning.\"When my brother and staff reached showroom, they landed in shock after opening main gate of the showroom. Lockers were ajar and floors gates made of iron were broken with the help of gas cutters. Valuable jewellery were missing. It is estimated that two and three kilogram gold while 20 and 25 killogram silver has been stolen. Three cylinders and gas cutter have been recovered fromt he showroom,\" Singhal said.It is pertinent to mention an organized gang in Ghaziabad is targeting jewelry stores in the city.\"The modus operandi of all incidents are same and in the last four incidents jewellery between 25 and 45 lakh were stolen. It is a major setback for the victims and other jewellers during marriage season and police have failed to crack even a single case and only empty assurances are given by SSP Ghaziabad,\" said Gaurav Garg, general secretary, Ghaziabad sarafa association.\"The gang usually active in winter and after change in regime five major cases have been reported from the district but the police instead of investigating the case harass the victims,\" Garg added that jewellers now have no faith in Ghaziabad police and decided to hold bandh in Ghaziabad on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344031", "title": "Naxals support cane growers' stir, call government oppressive", "text": "NAGPUR: Naxalites have come out in support of sugarcane farmers' of western Maharashtra agitating for higher prices for their produce. The Maoists have blamed state home minister and other ministers for stifling the protests.The Maharashtra state committee of Communist Party of India (Maoist), through a press release, said government was suppressing the farmers' agitation. The outfit also claims that state government's oppressive measures through police, whether against tribal farmers growing paddy in Gadchiroli or western Maharashtra's sugarcane growers, showed its anti-farmer stance and also tendency to silence any voice of dissent. State home and guardian minister of Gadchiroli RR Patil has been criticized for police firing on the agitators. Former deputy CM Ajit Pawar too has been targeted.The Naxals' openly coming out to express solidarity with sugarcane farmers now is likely to leave the security agencies with some brainstorming to do. The Naxals are learnt to be trying to infiltrate the organizations working with the agrarian issues, tribal, displaced people, industrial labourers and backward classes apart from the students and intellectual bodies. Their objective is to bring the different anti-government forces together and stage violent agitations. The security agencies did not rule out Naxal brain behind the violent agitation at the Maruti Suzuki's plant at Manesar, where one senior executive died and many others were injured.The farmers' protests, which spanned across different districts like Sangli, Kolhapur, Solapur, Satara and others, saw deaths of two farmers including one due to police firing earlier this month. Many others were injured. The agitators also resorted to violence torching state transport buses and police jeep.The Naxals have launched an attack on chief minister Prithviraj Chavan stating that his distancing himself from the issue by stating that price was not government's lookout had exposed his anti-farmer stand. Police's relentless action on peasants with lathi-charges and firing apart from jailing the leaders spearheading the protest also indicated the same, the release said.The Naxals alleged that the state government was siding with sugar barons who have been exploiting the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17343940", "title": "'Not enough travelling' tops list of biggest lifetime regrets", "text": "LONDON: People spend over two hours a week dwelling on regrets, with not having travelled enough as the most common cause of remorse, a new UK study has found.More than half of those surveyed admitted wishing they had made a different life choice at some point, such as having a different career, living somewhere else or marrying someone different, according to research by the British Heart Foundation.A fifth of women out of 2,000 participants regretted wasting time with the wrong partner, compared to 10% of men, the Daily Mail reported.A quarter of those surveyed said they did not believe it was possible to live a life without regrets, perhaps explaining why, on average, people spend 19 minutes per day - or more than two hours a week - thinking about things we could have done differently. More than a third of people blame a lack of cash for preventing them from fulfilling their dreams, while 25% think loved ones held them back.However, 32% admitted that the blame lay with their own lack of courage, the study found. Not travelling more and seeing more of the world topped the list of 20 greatest lifetime regrets, followed closely by not keeping in touch with more friends.Taking too little exercise was the third, not saving enough money was at the fourth place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17346796", "title": "Thane to have industrial units exclusively for tribal women", "text": "THANE: Exclusive industrial units employing women from the tribal regions of Thane district will be set up soon, Maharashtra minister of labour, excise and environment has said.This would be first such project in the state, said Naik, who is also Thane guardian minister, while addressing the regular weekly Janata Durbar yesterday.Tribals, especially women, are forced to leave their villages and migrate to other areas in search of employment. This problem is mostly experienced in the predominantly tribal regions of Mokhada, Vikramgadh, Talasari and Jawhar, he said.In order to put a permanent end to this problem, it has been decided to set up industrial units exclusively for women from these regions, Naik said.These units will ensure permanent employment and income for the tribal women and start functioning very soon, the minister said.He directed the district administration to work towards setting up the units and make available funds from the tribal sub-plan for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343686", "title": "Rain brings relief, wet weekend ahead", "text": "BANGALORE: Relief poured in from the skies on Friday for Bangaloreans who were uneasy by the sudden rise in mercury for three days. Light to moderate rains in the afternoon brought down the temperature, but left normal life in disarray.The weatherman has forecast a wet weekend, saying the rain will continue for the next two-three days.Friday afternoon's rain continued, though intermittently, till late in the evening. The city received a rainfall of 25 mm till 5.30pm. Slow-moving vehicles created gridlocks on major roads.However, no tree fall or water-logging was reported from anywhere.\"Temperature was quite high in the last three days, so the showers came as a welcome relief. Though I didn't expect the sudden downpour, I quite enjoyed it. I hope it continues for a couple of days. It will not ruin my weekend plans,\" said Kamelia Dutta, a resident of Shivajinagar.The MET office attributed the rain to the influence of low pressure area which has developed along Tamil Nadu and South Andhra Pradesh coast.\"The low-pressure area weakened into a trough of low pressure on Friday morning. In addition, there is upper air cyclonic circulation over Tamil Nadu. South Interior Karnataka, being under the influence of this system, has been affected,\" said B Putanna, director, Met department.Moderate-to-rather heavy rain will occur at a few places in the districts of south-interior Karnataka. Light-to-moderate rain will occur at a few places in the districts of coastal and north-interior Karnataka, Met officials said.The maximum temperature remained at 27 degrees (normal). The minimum temperature rose at most places, particularly in coastal and north-interior Karnataka, but remained constant in south-interior Karnataka.Davanagere recorded the lowest minimum temperature of 14.5 degree Celsius in the plains in state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343650", "title": "Lucknow makes a solid start to process municipal wastes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The land clearances for four of the proposed transfer stations of the municipal solid waste management plant is likely to be finalised within a month and the entire project is expected to kick start by June 2013. Proposed in 2009, the key project of the Lucknow Municipal Corporation is based on PPP model with the total cost hovering around Rs 75 crore. This is expected to go up to Rs 90 crore.LMC would pump roughly Rs 42.5 crore into the project, while its concessionaire private partner- Jyoti Enviro Tech Pvt Ltd will invest about Rs 32 crore. The four proposed transfer stations are located in Gwari village in Gomtinagar area, other behind Mandi Samiti on Sitapur Road, one on Rae Bareli Road near Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute and the fourth one near Para on the bypass between Kanpur and Hardoi Road. Each would be set up on an area of approximately 5,000 square metres. In Gwari village, the map has been passed by the LDA and sent to the government for approval, while possession of the land on the Sitapur Road would be completed within a month. Land on the Rae Bareli road already belongs to LMC, so three stations have almost completed land formalities. The main bottleneck lies with the land near Para that belongs to the irrigation department, which in turn is quoting a high price for it. Reportedly, this land has been already illegally occupied, which the irrigation department has not been able to vacate till now. Construction on former three stations is set to begin in a month's time.Similarly, 50% construction of the main treatment plant in Shivri village on a 19 hectares plot (provided by LDA) has been completed, as per LMC sources. PK Srivastava, additional municipal commissioner said, \"We have also got 14 hectares land from the agricultural department and 4 hectares from the Gram Sabha for this project. Both lands are located in Palehnda village adjacent to Shivri village. Half of our construction is already done. In fact we have also started door-to-door collection of waste in about 55 wards under this project.\" He said that the corporation would transfer its 260 vehicles exclusively meant for waste disposal to its private partner for executing the project. Six vehicles have already been transferred for this purpose to Zone-5 (Alambagh area) of the city.The entire system would entail a three step process - door-to-door collection, transportation to transfer stations where waste would be compacted and then sent to the main treatment plan for recycling of bio-degradable wastes. Users across the city would be asked to segregate their organic wastes and other wastes in separate bags which in turn would be collected by Jyoti Enviro Tech and sent to transfer stations. The waste would be then compacted and sent to the main treatment plant.In the treatment plant, the waste would be allowed to stay for 45 days for composting process to manufacture manure. The remnant waste would be converted into refused derived fuel for further usage in boilers and furnaces of various industries. This fuel has less calorific value (about 30% less than coal). The final residue would be dumped in the landfill, which is planned as such to sustain waste dumping for at least 25 years.Srivastava said, \"The major challenge is in primary collection, where we have to convince people to co-operate with our official partners in this project and shell out the required money for disposing their wastes. Jyoti charges about Rs 40 per month, while an ordinary sweeper would take just Rs 20. Hence people prefer to give away their wastes to ordinary sweepers who can wait till longer than officially appointed sweepers. The official sweepers can just give one minute per house as he has to collect waste from the entire colony. Moreover people have to learn to themselves segregate kitchen and other wastes to simplify the whole process.\"The company has signed a concession agreement with Lucknow Municipal Corporation for a term of three years and would earn Rs 562 per metric tonne of waste, which would be revised accordingly.The user charges could vary from Rs 10-50 for residential units, while Rs 30-500 for shops and shopping complexes depending on the number of shops, Rs 1,000 for guest houses, banks, offices, petrol pumps, restaurants, educational institutes, nursing homes etc, Rs 1,000-2,500 for banquet, marriage halls, Rs 2,000 for clubs and hotels and Rs 5,000 for bigger hotels and malls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344792", "title": "Blast acquittals reopen old wounds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixteen years is a long time but Rajkumar Sethi and Ankit Midha can hardly forget May 21. The Lajpat Nagar blast in 1996 left scars but the two acquittals may have prised open old wounds.Speaking to TOI, Ankit said he was 10 years old when his father Satish Kumar Midha (33) died in the explosion. He was a cloth merchant.\"On that day, we lost everything. Our shop was gone, so was our father. We were never informed about the trials though it is standard practice in the West. We were relieved when the lower court ordered capital punishment to the accused but the high court's decision left us unsettled. The reality of my father's killers not having been identified or that they may have gone scot-free is hard to accept,\" Ankit said.Ankit said the family received nothing from the government. \"The government must realize my father is a victim of state callousness. The least it can do is compensate us for the loss. It was not only 13 persons who lost their lives that day - 13 families, too, lost their dear ones,\" he said.Rajkumar Sethi, who ran an auto spare parts shop at Lajpat Nagar, lost his friends in the blast. \"The court's observation shows the police investigation did not follow even basic principles. How can a few arrests ensure justice if the accused are not convicted?\" he said.Another victim, Raju, has a vivid recollection of the incident. \"I was loading some items for my shop in my car. It was about 5.30 pm. The next moment, there was complete darkness. I got to know about the HC decision through my cousin. I don't know who is wrong but Delhi Police should approach the Supreme Court if they believe they have arrested the right man,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17344335", "title": "Poor sanitation rating for CBSE schools in state", "text": "KOCHI: Only six of the 886 schools that applied for online rating of the sanitation facilities fall in the green category rating, the highest given by the national school sanitation initiative (NSSI) of the Union ministry of human resources development. And there is no school among these from Kerala, which has the largest number of CBSE schools in the country.However, just 39 of the 700-odd CBSE schools in the state -- barring most big names -- had applied for the rating. Only six schools from the state came in the blue category, the second best rating. These will be among the 100 schools receiving cash awards and certificates at a function in New Delhi on November 28.Sanitation in schools has been a cause for concern for the Centre and the state government and as part of NSSI, it has become mandatory for all schools to focus on the practical aspects of sanitation. The programme lays emphasis on personal hygiene, proper sanitation, clean toilet habits, safe drinking water, separate toilets for girl students, disposal of waste water, waste water recycling, waterless urinals, waste segregation and composting, food hygiene, creation and conservation of green spaces.\"When we apply, we have to send all details with pictorial proof of all our sanitation system, including our toilets, waste management, canteen, water management etc. Officials from the NSSI will then inspect the facilities and rate them. Our school tops in the blue list and we missed getting into the green by a whisker,\" says Fr Varghese Kachappilly, principal, Vishwajyothi Public School, Angamaly.While many schools are yet to apply and get rated, the CBSE is likely to include it as a criterion for accreditation. \"Applying for online rating has not been made mandatory but several schools in the state are applying,\" said K Unnikrishnan, president, confederation of Kerala Sahodaya Schools.The CBSE's comprehensive school health manual also addresses the issue of sanitation in schools. Sanitation is one of the six areas that have been identified for a school to improve its performance in becoming a 'health promoting school'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343450", "title": "Rembrandt of the East find his home", "text": "PANAJI: Seventy-eight years after his death, the works of Antonio Xavier Trindade find a permanent exhibition space at Fundacao Oriente in Panaji. On Saturday, 29 of the artist's works will be thrown open to the public and Goans, largely unfamiliar with his work, will get their first opportunity to view his art.Few in Goa are aware of Trindade or his art, but art historian Marcella Sirhandi writes that Trindade earned the sobriquet of 'Rembrandt of the East' because of the quality of his art. \"Internationally, Trindade was very well known and regarded as a painter. His style is quite unique. It is unlike most other Indian painters,\" David Miller, trustee of the Esther Trindade Trust that donated the works, said.Trindade was born in Sanguem in 1870 and was professor at Mumbai's JJ School of Art. When he died in 1935 he left behind a large number of paintings. Hoping to set up a gallery in honour of their father, Trindade's daughters collected whatever works they could. The dream of a permanent gallery for Trindade's works will be fulfilled on Saturday.\"The works comprising this collection have been gathered and preserved by his daughters and grandchildren since the painter's death. The family moved to the United States of America and it was there that, on the initiative of Esther Trindade, daughter of the painter, and with the invaluable support of David Miller (trustee of the Esther Trindade Trust) and Bill Eiland (director of the Georgia Museum of Art), among others, the necessary restoration works could be undertaken enabling, thus, the subsequent exhibition of the paintings,\" Fundacao Oriente chairman Carlos Monjardino said.\"There are 144 pieces of art that have been donated to us; these include works by Trindade and his daughter Angela. Of these, 29 are on exhibition and these are his best and most important works,\" Fundacao Oriente delegate in Goa, Eduardo Kol de Carvalho said. Though Goa will be the permanent home of the paintings, Carvalho did not rule out the possibility of taking the exhibition to other parts of India.\"Fundacao Oriente is proud to exhibit the Xavier Trindade collection and to contribute to maintain the memory of a renowned figure of the Indian culture, whose family ties with Portugal make him an unusual example of the historical and cultural relations established over centuries between Portugal and the Orient,\" Monjardino, who is in Goa, said.The gallery will be opened by governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343226", "title": "Film on Nair a hit among movie-goers", "text": "PANAJI: Though known only to a few, and recognized by still fewer in his home state of Kerala, 80-year-old film archivist P K Nair is the centre of attention at the ongoing International film festival of India (Iffi) in Panaji.'Celluloid Man', a documentary on Nair made by Shivendra Singh, is being extensively debated by film buffs both within the country and outside. The film has already been selected for film festivals in New York, Scandinavia and Italy.Though age had taken its toll on Nair, his passion and dedication to the medium, which motivated him to migrate to Mumbai in 1955 to work with leading directors, still makes him an inspiring presence at the festival venue.Many who have watched the film say it is a misnomer to describe it as a documentary. It is a moving portrayal of the trials and tribulations endured by a man who single-handedly pursued the dream of preserving the India's divergent cinematic heritage. Hardly anyone stepped out of the theatre as the 60-minute documentary unravels his efforts to collect and restore Indian films right from the early-1960s, when he set up the National film archive of India (NFAI) at Pune.Nair had made enormous efforts to collect films from various parts of the country right from the silent era. Preservation of films was not a concern for many in those periods, even for the film-makers. '\"Nearly 12,000 films were made during the silent era in the country and we could get collect and restore hardly nine or ten. Some were using the films for extracting silver for making bangles and other jewelry. Several films were lost during the World War II and partition. Some of the Indian films were later located in Pakistan and Bangladesh,'' Nair told TOI on the sidelines of Iffi.Several great names in Indian cinema have benefited from Nair's mentorship. They include Adoor Gopalakrishnan, Mrinal Sen, Balu Mahendra, Kundan Shah, Jahnu Barua, Shaji Karun, Girish Kasaravalli and Rajkumar Hirani.Most of these were students of the Film and television institute of India (FTII), and Nair was available at the nearby NFAI for guidance, and with permission ,to watch world classic movies anytime of the day.\"Persuading Nair to agree to make a film on him was a tough task. He said he would cooperate only if the film was on the NFAI. Initially, I told him the film was on the archive. Only at a later stage he realized that the film was on him. But I think he was happy when he saw the final output,\" says Shivendra Singh, who also gained enormously from the expertise of Nair when he was a student at the FTII.When Nair retired from the NFAI in 1991, the archive had a collection of 12,000 films, out of which 9,000 were Indian and 3,000 from other parts of the world.\"About 35, 000 films were produced in India till then, and the archive had a collection of more than 25% of them,'' recalls Nair.Nair, who originally hails from Thiruvananthapuram, is now settled in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346649", "title": "Swift to move to London?", "text": "Singer Taylor Swift is reportedly house-hunting in London as she wants to be near Harry Styles.The 22-year-old is ideally looking for a place close to the three-million pounds home in the Primrose Hill area of the city which the One Direction singer bought earlier this year, reports contactmusic.com.\"Taylor says the reason things fizzled out between them last time was because they had no time together,\" A source told Look magazine.\"I'm sure their recent contact is behind her sudden enthusiasm to buy in London. She says they'll be able to pick up where they left off. She has even asked Harry if he'll look at some places with her, since he knows the area,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343330", "title": "Goa has resident tigers, says green Oscar awardee Mike Pandey", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's forests do not just have a transit population of tigers, but the Western Ghats in the state are new settlement grounds for families of tigers that need to protect young ones, Mike Pandey, multiple green Oscar awardee and winner of several international honours for his documentaries on environmental issues, told TOI on Friday.\"Goa's forests have a transit tiger population that move in and out of the state from forests of the neighbouring states. But the Western Ghats in Goa serve as grounds for tigers when they have babies and are looking for new areas to settle in. I have been working in the Tillari area up to Dandeli and the Western Ghats of southern Goa. I have been following the pug marks of a tiger in the region for the last ten years and the tiger is a resident one in south Goa and not one who has migrated,\" Pandey said.He said that mining is important but not at the cost of the destruction of the Western Ghats, which are the oldest forests in the world and act as a water sponge. \"The tiger is the protector of the forests. That is why we are stressing so much on his preservation. He keeps the chain of life going in the forests,\" Pandey said.According to the acclaimed filmmaker, destroying the Western Ghats is like shooting one's own foot. \"The Western Ghats are the water sponge that keep 400 million people going, including one of the world's biggest waterfalls, the Jog Falls in Karnataka. They have some of the rarest species and most of it is yet to be discovered for its use to mankind. Sixty-five per cent of the forests consist of medicinal plants. But we need to save them for one major reason and that is water,\" he said.It is greed alone that is leading to unregulated mining and destruction of the Ghats for it, Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17343941", "title": "Magnetic shields may protect life on super-Earths", "text": "WASHINGTON: Super-Earths could have oceans of liquid metal and life-protecting magnetic shields, scientists say.Under the heat and pressure that exist inside super-Earths, magnesium oxide and other minerals commonly found in the rocky mantles of the terrestrial planets, transform into liquid metals, laboratory tests have shown, Discovery News reported.Super-Earths are planets beyond the solar system that are bigger than Earth but smaller than gas giants like Neptune . The research has implications for understanding conditions on super-Earths, including whether they might be favourable for supporting life.Scientists zapped a piece of magnesium oxide with high-powered lasers to simulate the heat and pressure that would exist on planets roughly three to 10 times as massive as Earth. They discovered that the clear ceramic mineral first morphed into a solid with a new crystal structure, then completely transformed into a liquid metal.In that state, the liquid mineral may be able to sustain a physics phenomenon called a \"dynamo\" action, which is responsible for generating magnetic fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343396", "title": "GSPCB unmoved by MPT's financial crisis plea", "text": "PANAJI: Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) on Friday rejected Mormugao Port Trust's (MPT) plea to allow coal and coke handling at berths 10 and 11, though the port claimed it was facing a financial crisis. MPT had requested GSPCB permission to unload a ship carrying coal at berths 10 and 11 under the board's strict monitoring.\"The board has rejected MPT's plea to unload one ship carrying coal at berths 10 and 11,\" GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha told TOI.MPT has also applied for renewal of consent to operate under the Air and Water Acts at berths 10 and 11. GSPCB met MPT officials Friday and decided to renew the consent to operate with certain conditions.\"We will renew the consent to operate for MPT's berths 10 and 11 for handling of general cargo and containers but they cannot handle coal and coke,\" Noronha said, and added that the order will be issued on Monday.There are around 58,000 metric tonnes of coal lying behind berths 10 and 11 and the area will be cleared by the end of December.\"After full evacuation of coal, the board will conduct ambient air quality monitoring in January and February,\" Noronha said, and added that based on these monitoring reports GSPCB will decide whether to allow coal and coke handling at MPT's berths 10 and 11.At present around 6 million tonnes of coal and coke are handled by private players at berths 5A and 6A. MPT is likely to open a tender next week to privatize berth 11 for coal handling.GSPCB in September had directed the port authorities to stop coal and coke handling operations at berths 10 and 11 saying that measures taken are not adequate to control pollution. The board later granted MPT conditional permission to lift coal and coke stacked behind the berths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342316", "title": "Sonia Gandhi joins CAG row, cites ex-official to attack BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fireworks over the 2G scam continues to light up Delhi's political firmament with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Friday wading into the controversy for the first time saying opposition BJP has been \"exposed\" by a former CAG official's claim that the audit report was doctored.\"Yes, I certainly think so,\" Sonia said when asked by media persons if ex-CAG official R P Singh's allegation that the 2G report was influenced by Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) chairperson Murli Manohar Joshi had put the BJP in a spot.The brief comment was enough to set off a fresh war of words as the government latched onto Singh's comments that a team of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) officers had visited Joshi's residence to suggest political intrigue in the 2G report alleging a loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore.The Congress president's intervention was a break from her usual reticence marked an escalation of hostilities between the ruling coalition and the main opposition as the winter session of Parliament got off to a predictably contentious start. Although terribly upset with the Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai for his estimates of losses from scams under UPA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one of the main reasons for the erosion in goodwill for the UPA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d senior figures in the government and Congress have been wary of attacking the federal auditor because of his vaunted status as a constitutional authority.Congress chief took the precaution of not being seen as frontally taking on the auditor and chose to train her guns at the BJP instead, but her veiled salvo fitted with the stepped up aggression Congress has shown since the auction of 2G spectrum flopped. Government and Congress pounced on poor returns from the 2G auction to claim that they had belied CAG's estimate of presumptive loss from the 2G scam.Sonia's colleagues did not take long to take the cue.\"The loss was quantified at Rs 2,645 crore (initially), but in November, 2010, when the report was presented in Parliament, this loss jumped to Rs 1.76 lakh crore. How did this leap of faith take place?\" asked information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari.Singh's claim that he was against assigning a loss figure is not new. He testified as much before the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom but his fresh claim that he did not participate in processing the 2G report beyond the draft stage stirred an already bubbling pot.BJP hit back with Joshi saying that Sonia's comments had in fact \"exposed\" her. \"I can only see a great effort on part of the Congress to cover up for the corruption and scams the ministers of this government are involved in,\" he said.\"He is a pawn in the hands of Congress and government to defame the CAG,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad added as Congress and BJP clashed in the midst of a deepening parliamentary face-off over FDI in multi-brand retail.Joshi said CAG officials assisting the PAC is not a new practice. He pointed out that Singh has said he was not part of the particular meeting referred to. \"If he was not there, how can he conclude I was attempting to influence the report?\" he asked.CAG sources denied any meeting with Joshi took place when the report was under preparation.BJP attacked Singh for developing amnesia over what he did as a director-general of audit in the CAG. It was pointed out that as a serving officer he was part of the team headed by CAG Vinod Rai that made detailed presentations to the PAC.Times ViewYet again, we are witness to heated debates on the accuracy or otherwise of the CAG's estimates of the loss in the 2G spectrum scam. The figures being bandied about vary from under Rs 3,000 crore to the much-talked about Rs 1.76 lakh crore. This is really a completely pointless debate. What amount the government could have got if it had auctioned telecom spectrum in 2007 is not only academic today, it is not even the brunt of the CAG's own report. The real issues to be focussed on are how the allocation of licences and spectrum was done through a process that was non-transparent, arbitrary and hence unfair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342955", "title": "Choreographer who led aspiring models a merry dance arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: A choreographer who would lure aspiring models with the promise of small roles in jewellery advertisements, charge them money for costumes and then flee has been arrested.Jitu Vinod Sonawane (36), whose works include Dance India Dance, was picked up from a five-star hotel in Santacruz, where he was laying a trap for another victim. The police recovered six voter ID cards, PAN cards, models' profiles and contact numbers, DVDs and bogus letterheads of jewellery firms.Posing as an event manager, Sonawane would send SMSes to aspiring models, asking if they were interested in jewellery advertisements. Upon getting a reply, he would tell the model a prominent jewellery brand was looking for new faces to represent it and that the fee for a three-day shoot was Rs 2-3 lakh.If the model agreed, Sonawane would call her to the lobby of a five-star hotel. There, to add authenticity to the process, he would ask her to fill up a form containing questions about personal details. \"But then he would tell her that as per his event management company's rules, she needed to pay for the costume to be used in the shoot. He would mention the cost as Rs 10,000-15,000,\" said joint commissioner of police Himanshu Roy. \"Once she paid the money, he would ask her to wait in the lobby, telling her he was going to his room to fetch a receipt. That would be the last the model would see of Sonawane.\"While investigating the matter, the police learnt that Sonawane had duped six aspiring models in all. But the police believe the number to be higher as many victims might not have registered complaints. The latest complaint against him was filed by model Saira Awasthi at the airport police station.Sonawane has been charged with forgery and cheating, and remanded in police custody till November 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346335", "title": "NCC week concludes as cadets show talent", "text": "LUDHIANA: To mark the culmination of various events organized to celebrate the NCC week from November 19 to 23, the National Cadet Cops (NCC) group, Ludhiana, conducted a glittering ceremony at the Punjab Agricultural University campus, on Friday.The function started with the hoisting of NCC flag by the chief guest, Ludhiana NCC group commander Brig S S Gill. Thereafter, the NCC cadets from Ludhiana put up a stupendous display of horse-riding, show-jumping and tent-pegging. This was followed by an equally stellar air-show, wherein cadets Didar Singh and Pawan of No 4 Punjab air squadron showcased their flying talent by taking radio controlled aero-models on a glide.The cadets performed a group song and bhangra to conclude the cultural ceremony. The day concluded with the entire audience joining the cadets as they sang the NCC song \"Hum Sab Bhartiya Hain\" and the national anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17343970", "title": "Gandhibagh garden to get facelift", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) has finally decided to renovate Gandibagh garden. The Standing committee in its meeting on Friday approved funds of Rs 45,49,809 towards its renovation and also for construction of a new play area for children.NMC's garden department plans to have a synthetic surface for the children play area in the lines of the Children's traffic park. Funds of Rs 24.67 lakh have been approved for the project. The remaining amount of Rs 20.82 lakh has been approved for carrying out maintenance works and also increasing the height of compound wall. More works are in pipeline and become reality in coming days.Chairman of the standing committee, Dayashankar Tiwari told TOI that the children's play area requires immediate attention. \"All equipments were installed long back and have become unsafe for children. The compound wall is not very high. As a result of this thieves and antisocial elements enter the garden after dark,\" he said.\"Few more developmental works will give a facelift to the garden,\" he added.The Gandhibagh garden, spread over 5.50 acres, is situated in the heart of Central Nagpur. The garden also has a Jet fighter gifted to it by the India Air Force. Lack of funds made maintenance impossible and the garden slowly lost its sheen. But now as the garden falls in the ward that represented by Tiwari, lady luck has smiled upon it.The operation and maintenance of the garden is done by Lotus sporting and cultural association which is also linked to Tiwari.Besides, the Standing committee also approved the proposal to spend Rs 40 lakh per year on mobile bills for three years and allot work order to Bharti Airtel . However, the proposal to give work order to the qualified agency and related to installation of new traffic signals at 10 junctions was kept pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347472", "title": "Back home, we are aggressive: Steve Waugh", "text": "Looking as dapper as ever, former Australian cricket skipper Steve Waugh gushed about the city, saying, \"Bangalore is one of my favourite cities in India. There is so much greenery here and so many good Indian cricketers like Anil Kumble and Rahul Dravid are from this city.\"Cricket is, naturally, Steve's fav subject to talk about. \"The current crop of Australian cricketers is excellent; every player is experienced and the team is only going to get better. There are a lot of facilities in Australia, which gives us the opportunity to showcase our talent now. When I played my first Test match, we weren't so experienced,\" said Steve.That experience, he adds, also reflects in on-field dynamics.\"Over the years, Indian and Australian players have understood each other better. When we came here first, there was a real clash of cultures. Back home, we are brought up a little differently; we are aggressive and that's how we talk and play our sport. But in the Indian subcontinent, conditions are pressing a lot of times, and players are slow, taking advantage of the rules. But when you play, you learn from each other and, over the years, we have understood the culture,\" he said.Even though Steve understands the Indian conditions and temperament well, he isn't really up to taking up the mantle of coach if it were offered to him.\"It will be quite time-consuming and right now I am very busy and committed to my philanthropy, sports, business and family. I am having a good time,\" he said, and added, \"It is a big challenge and a great honour to be the coach of the Indian team. Gary Kirsten has done a great job and Duncan Fletcher is finding his way out.\"Talking about how the coach has his work cut out for him, Steve elaborated, \"In India, you need to learn how to work with people around you. You can't just come here and change things your way. To do anything with sports here, you'll have to Indianize it and be prepared to be flexible and work according to the local way.\"Quizzed about when, according to him, should Sachin Tendulkar retire, and Steve replied, \"Sachin is a fantastic player and I think he will retire when he wants to. I looked into the mirror and decided when it was time for me to retire, maybe Sachin should do the same.\"With his clean, even handsome, looks, had he ever considered Bollywood?\"They have never asked me at all! Maybe I am too old, or Bollywood finds me boring,\" laughed Steve, and added, \"Whenever I come to India, I don't have any time to relax. Also, I maintain a low profile. People in Bollywood are very nice, but Bollywood isn't my scene,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346492", "title": "Couple booked on forgery charge", "text": "INDORE: A couple has been booked for selling other's plot of land claiming it as their own in Aerodrome Area. Acting on the complaint of Rajesh Maheshwari, a resident of Mahesh Nagar, police booked Sunil Chaurasia and his wife Sarlabai Chaurasia, residents of Shramik Colony.As per police, the complainant purchased a plot from Navbharat Grih Nirman Sanstha in Venkatesh Vihar Colony in 2004. He failed to construct a house there due to lack of money.Recently, he came to know that one Amardeep, resident of Juna Risala was construction house on his plot. When he reached there, Amardeep informed him that he had purchased the plot from Sunial Chaurasia and his wife Sarlabai Chaurasia. Rajesh lodged a complaint with Aerodrome police.During the probe, police found that the couple had forged the documents and used it for selling the plot. They were booked under sections 420, 467, 468 and 471 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343996", "title": "52K teachers to be appointed in 2012-13", "text": "PATNA: In a major decision, the Bihar cabinet on Friday sanctioned creation of 91,239 permanent posts of teachers for inter-level state, state-recognized, minority and project higher secondary schools.The process for these appointments will begin in the current financial year (FY) and end by the FY 2016-17. The teachers will be paid Rs 9,000 per month. The move will entail a burden of Rs 565 crore on the state exchequer in 2012-13 as 52,345 such teachers would be appointed this year itself.Cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant said the remaining of the teachers would be appointed in coming years: 8,646 in 2013-14, 9,943 in 2014-15, 10,138 in 2015-16 and 10,167 in 2016-17.According to him, the cabinet meeting took up 43 items for giving its approval. They included four money bills to be tabled in the state legislature during the winter session, beginning November 29, and 39 other items of various departments. The cabinet also gave its approval to the proposal to integrate various schemes for differently-abled persons, calling it one combined programme 'Sambal' which will be run by the welfare department. The government has also increased the scholarship amount given to the differently-abled persons.The cabinet sanctioned the release of Rs 19.24 crore for payment of salaries to teaching and non-teaching staff of government-aided primary schools, including the ones for minority sections, during the 2012-13 financial year. Besides, a sum of Rs 28.72 crore has been released to 28,724 state/government- recognized/government-aided private middle schools under the Mukhyamantri Paribhraman Yojana for 2012-13. The cabinet approved the release of Rs 360.36 crore to be spent on the Mukhyamantri Poshak Yojana and Mukhyamantri Balika Poshak Yojana. That apart, Rs 20 lakh would be released to Radhika Sinha Institute and Sachchidanand Sinha Library for payment of salaries to staff during the current fiscal year.The cabinet OK'd release of Rs 419.97 crore for the implementation of Lohia Swachchhata Yojana as per the revised Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan under which the incentive money for the listed above poverty line families has been increased to Rs 4,600. The state government has also increased its share from Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,400 per family.The cabinet also sanctioned release of Rs 332 crore to be spent on the construction of 13km two-lane approach road, three major bridges and several small bridges on it between Baluahaghat and Gandaul in Saharsa district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17345003", "title": "Fake foreign admission: Man duped 25 aspirants, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for allegedly offering fake admission consultancy and promising at least 25 aspirants admission to top universities in New Zealand , Singapore , India, Spain, the UK and other EU nations. The accused, Peeyush Bharat Saini (43), a resident of Paschim Vihar, had initially asked them to pay between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 45 lakh for 'genuine' documents , but later said their admission had been cancelled 'on technical grounds' . Saini used to promise admission in MBBS/ MD/MS/MDS/engineering courses.Saini was nabbed by the crime branch's anti-extortion cell. He had accepted money from a retired professor of Punjab University on the pretext of getting his grandson admitted in an MBBS course at Pune's Bhartiya Vidyapeeth. DCP, crime, SBS Tyagi, said Saini is from Roorkee's Teliwala. \"He came here in 1993 for a diploma course in south Delhi but could not pass the exam. He then finished his graduation from Delhi University and started cheating innocent students assuring them admission in engineering diploma courses. In 1994, he set up shop at 5/11, Safdarjung Enclave and launched his racket,\" Tyagi said. Saini was booked for the first time in a cheating case in Sarojini Nagar in which he had allegedly accepted Rs 1.5 lakh for admission in an engineering course, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17346124", "title": "BDO office gheraoed", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Tribal villagers from Kusum Javar, Paharpu, Turkdiha and some other villages uner Gorhar Panchayat of Barkatha Block in Hazaribag, whose properties have been destroyed by wild elephants, gheraoed the BDO-cum-circle officer's office at Barkatha for hours demanding rice and other relief from the authorities. Wild elephants have wreaked havoc in the belt forcing them to flee their homes.SDO Barhi Nurul Hoda rushed to Barkatha and met the aggrieved tribal villagers that their grievances will be looked into for which he has sent a report to the state government. Hoda said he has distributed one week's free ration including 20 kg rice and 5 litres of kerosene oil to 13 worst affected tribal families who lost everything owing to the rampages of wild elephants. tnnHe confirmed the rampaging elephants have caused heavy damages to their crops for which he has directed the BDO Yogendra Prasad to conduct a survey and submit the detailed report and value of the crops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17343011", "title": "Judge should have seen absurdity of the charge: Former information chief", "text": "While the police have been in the dock for arresting two Palghar girls for a facebook post, former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi has questioned the role of the magistrate in a case that \"has become a rallying point for citizens to defend their fundamental right of freedom of expression\".Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21, were arrested on Monday and produced before a magistrate, who gave them bail on a surety of Rs 15,000 each. In a statement issued on Friday, Gandhi said, \"I understand that the two girls were produced before a magistrate. What is the role of the magistrate when a person is produced before him? The only purpose for this requirement in the Criminal Procedure Code is to ensure that a judicial mind is applied judiciously before a remand or bail is given. The Shiv Sena leader who filed the complaint was wrong, and the police who filed the FIR was also wrong. However, it was the duty of the magistrate to have seen the gross absurdity of the charge and ordered the release of the girls.\"Gandhi said Dhada had not posted anything \"that could even remotely qualify as 'grossly offensive'\". \"The police should have recorded a non-cognizable complaint and forgotten it. Instead they made a cognizable FIR,\" he wrote. The girls were charged with promoting hatred and sending a grossly offensive message through a communication device.\"The requirement of producing all arrested persons before a magistrate within 24 hours puts the responsibility on the magistrate to decide whether a prima facie case exists for giving a remand or bail. If it appears that no reasonable case exists, the magistrate must refuse to allow any further detention.... A magistrate must apply his mind,\" Gandhi said.Gandhi said that neither Press Council chairman and former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju nor others are \"even questioning why the judicial check mandated by law did not work effectively\". \"This is a very important legal safeguard against police arbitrariness or stupidity, but it does not appear to be working meaningfully. Judiciary is the guardian and monitor of the law,\" he wrote. Katju had written to the chief minister asking him to act against the police involved.Gandhi said he wished the failure of the judicial check is recognized so that the next time the police slip up \"the judicial process takes responsibility and a citizen is not traumatized for exercising her fundamental right\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343890", "title": "Congress leader Arun Dhimdhime passes way", "text": "PUNE: Senior Congress leader and former standing committee chairman Arun Dhimdhime died of a severe heart attack on Friday. He was 51. Dhimdhime is survived by his wife and three children.A three-time corporator from Dattawadi, he held several important positions in the Pune Municipal Corporation committees. He had headed the civic standing committee and the city improvement committee.He played a pivotal role in the development of the Pu La Deshpande garden and was the architect of the water supply connection project for the city's slums. In 2011, as chairman of the city improvement committee, he ensured that the administration recorded water bodies in the development plan. The city Congress has organised a condolence meeting at Congress Bhavan at 11 am on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343947", "title": "Additional seats opened for GRE in December", "text": "PUNE: The Graduate Record Examination (GRE) programme officials have opened up additional seats for the test dates in December. Programme official Christine Betaneli said the seat allocation had been increased as the test had become more popular following the recent changes in test design.The GRE recently introduced the score selection option, test retake policy and a lower test fee from this year. Betaneli said, \"We urge test-takers to register to the new test dates as soon as possible, before these seats are filled. The details have been uploaded to the website.\"The new score select option allows test-takers to decide which GRE scores from their reportable history should be sent to the institutions they designate. \"This new option helps test-takers approach the test day with more confidence, knowing they can send the GRE scores that they feel reflect their personal best,\" Betaneli said. Now onwards, test-takers can attempt the exam once every 30 days, and up to five times within any continuous rolling 12-month period. These changes offer even more options and flexibility for test-takers around the world.GRE is the only admissions test accepted by graduate and business school programmes worldwide, giving test-takers more opportunities at international universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17342630", "title": "Noida e-way accidents prompt safety steps", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida-Greater Noida Expressway witnessed yet another serious accident in the early hours of Thursday. A four-car pileup left ten people injured, two of whom received serious injuries and have been admitted in hospital. Noida Authority, finally taking cognizance of the increasing number of fatal accidents, has decided to implement a Rs 15 crore Intelligent Transport System (ITS) to monitor and manage traffic flow on the expressway.The accident occurred around 3am on Thursday when four BPO executives - Dheeraj Goel, Arun, Manav Malhotra and Sunny Oberoi - were returning from their Sector 82 office to their residence in Delhi. \"After taking the underpass to reach the expressway, they passed Sector 125 near HCL when a truck ahead of them suddenly swerved to the right. It hit the Santro, which due to the impact somersaulted several times, hit the central verge and finally climbed on it,\" police said.An i20, which was travelling right behind the Santro, tried to avoid the vehicles involved in the accident, but climbed on to the road divider. A Hondo City car behind the i20 also got involved in the pileup and got damaged, police said.The injured were later taken to hospital by cops. While two of the injured, Dheeraj and Manav, are seriously wounded, the others were given first aid and allowed to go. Dheeraj has been admitted to the ICU of Kailash hospital, while Manav has a fractured shoulder and has been referred to Delhi for treatment, police said.Since its inception in 2002, the expressway has been the site of hundreds of deaths. In the past six months, around 25 people have lost their lives. \"To make the speedway accident free, Noida Authority has decided to implement an ITS, which aims to control incidents of over-speeding, fatal accidents and traffic congestion to provide safe and secure transport on the expressway for commuters,\" said Sanjiv Saran, CEO, Noida.Saran said the system will reduce travel time, improve traffic regulation and surveillance, besides reducing operational costs and incident reaction time. Key features of the ITS would be a control room, emergency call box, message signboards, CCTV, speed cameras, VIDS camera and meteorological data system.It will also help measure traffic data in real-time (vehicle movement on highway), detect incidents and congestions automatically and inform road users about travel time, congestion, road closures, diversions, rerouting and all major events.\"The system will be equipped with cameras placed at a height of 14 meters, which will be able to detect movement to a distance of 280 meters. Large LED display boards will caution traffic and about road conditions,\" Saran said. \"Stationary vehicles, speeding vehicles and getaway vehicles, will all be recorded by the system,\" he added.\"The most important feature of the system will be the minimized response time in case of an accident. It will then guide road users to adapt speed for a smoother flow of traffic besides assist in collaborating and coordinate policing and emergency services. With the ITS, the expressway will be under surveillance 24/7, which will also control the crime rate on the expressway, Saran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17347730", "title": "Indo-Maldives joint ops help exchange tactics", "text": "BELGAUM: Army personnel from the Indian army and Maldives displayed their skills in front of their superiors during the Indo-Maldives joint training exercise at Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Centre here on Friday. Major general RJ Noronha of Indian Army and Brigadier General Ahmed Nilam, Commandant Marine Corps of Maldives Army reviewed the ongoing fourth Indo-Maldives joint training exercise called 'EKUVERIN-12'.Both the officers witnessed the joint training which is going on since November 12 and will conclude on November 25 by soldiers of both the countries with an aim to enhance inter capability between the two armies; 45 soldiers of Madras Regiment of Indian Army and Maldives army are undergoing join exercise.The number of training activities and exercise has been conducted during the joint training which also includes counter insurgency and counter terrorism operations. Slithering practice and exercise were conducted at Bagdad Asmara Range at Savgaon during the joint training. Maldives army was very impressed with the standard of training facilities like jungle camp, commando training area and Bagdad Asmara Firing Range.\"Through such joint operations, army personnel from foreign countries learn to use our weapons while when we go there we use their weapons. This broadens our knowledge of handling different weapons and strategies,\" said Brigadier Santosh Kurup, commandant of MLIRC. Next year the Indian army will go to Maldives.'HOSTAGE CRISIS' On Friday, as part of the training exercise, a mock hostage crisis was created. With the help of map and compass, the army personnel were told to trace the location. About 28 army personnel landed in helicopters, took their position and identified the place. They were successful in rescuing the politician who was caught by terrorists in the mock drill. The officers who were monitoring the exercise interacted with the and gave some valuable inputs and suggestions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344599", "title": "More complaints against UGC exam pour in", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With more candidates citing irregularities in their result, the controversy over the UGC National Eligibility Test shows no signs of abating. A candidate from the law stream, who appeared at the PU centre, said nearly 50 candidates who do not meet the criteria have been declared pass in the supplementary result. On the other hand, many others, who appeared at the PU centre and also meet the pass criteria, having been left out. The number of complaints received by the UGC Centre of PU has also shot up.\"This is a rough figure. There may be more applicants, maybe hundreds, who have scored less than the pass criteria but have been declared pass,\" Ravinder Singh, an advocate at the Punjab and Haryana high court said. He said his wife, who had the qualifying percentage, did not figure in the supplementary result sheet.\"We are receiving complaints related to results. However, our job is only to conduct the exam. Grievances related to results must be addressed to UGC Delhi,\" Akshaya Kumar, faculty member at the department of English, PU said. Several candidates who have scored more than the passing criteria are moving court. R K Mahajan, who runs a private coaching centre in the city, claimed, \"Candidates who scored 46% or less had been randomly passed. I plan to get a legal notice served on the UGC.\"\"The qualifying criteria is 65% for general category, 60% for OBC and 55% for SC/ST. Under no circumstances can candidates with 46% or low percentages clear the exam. However, such candidates have been declared pass according to the result sheet available,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342899", "title": "Ram Gopal Varma says sorry for hotel visit post-26/11", "text": "MUMBAI: Filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma has apologized for visiting the Taj hotel after the 26/11 terror attack.Varma said, \"My visit got a lot of flak. I did not realize then but I apologise for hurting people's sentiments. I was only part of a group of 30 people who visited the Taj then and Vilasraoji did not even know that I was in the group. I was friends with Ritiesh and took the opportunity.\"Asked if the film (on the 26/11 attack) will also show the political fallout like Vilasrao Deshmukh's resignation from chief ministership. Varma said, \"The film will focus of the night of the attack and how it affected the entire city.\"\"I just want to clarify my position on the visit and the allegation of my insensitivity towards the incident and that late Vilasrao Deshmukh facilitated my visit to the Taj. Rumours that I had cast Ritiesh in a film I was planning on the attack was completely baseless,\" Varma said.So then what prompted him to make the film now? Varma said, \"It is only after the whole truth has been uncovered by the investigators. I decided to make the film, based on facts.\"The producers of the film also announced that profits of the film will given away to families of the victims of 26/ 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346475", "title": "Nayantara for Udhayanidhi Stalin", "text": "Nayantara is making a comeback into Tamil cinema after a brief hiatus and is already working in a couple of films and the next in line for her is pairing up with Udhayanidhi Stalin for his upcoming movie directed by Sundrapandian fame Prabhakaran.Udhayanidhi Stalin, who made his acting debut with Oru Kal Oru Kannadi (OKOK) confirmed the same with his twitter post \"Nayanthara is playing the female lead role in my next film directed by S R Prabhakaran sir! Nd DOP is Balasubramaniem sir:)\"The film will start rolling from January 2013. Interestingly Udhayanidhi Stalin will once again team up with Santhaanam in this flick too. And we hear that he has also roped in Harris Jayaraj as the music director.Remember that Nayanthara was supposed to do OKOK with Udhay but as she was not signing any new films at that time, she had politely refused. she will be seen in the Ajith-Vishnuvardhan project as well as Atlee's Raja Rani .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346734", "title": "I still consider myself as poor girl: Amy Adams", "text": "Actress Amy Adams says she sometimes forgets she is famous and calls herself a \"poor girl\".The 38-year-old, who has two-year-old daughter Aviana with fiance Darren Le Gallo, says she still views herself as the \"poor girl from Colorado\" and she is always shocked when people stop her in the street, reports contactmusic.com.\"I still think I'm like the poor girl from Colorado who worked three jobs to buy a car. That's still my mentality, so I'll be walking down the street, and I forget what I do and who I am,\" Adams told The Guardian newspaper.\"Someone will come up to me and say hi, and I'm thinking, I must know you, and I realise that, no, I don't know them and they don't know me. At all,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344301", "title": "I-T department discovers Rs 1000 crore arrears in old records", "text": "NAGPUR: As the Income Tax department revisits its old records to upload the data related to tax dues written in manual registers to an online system, it has found that the Nagpur office has unrecovered dues of over Rs 1,000 crore. In some cases, the tax liability was raised way back in the 1960s but never recovered. A chunk of the arrears is almost a decade old. The total arrears are equal to entire year's collection under Nagpur Chief Commissionerate that covers entire Vidarbha.With similar exercise being conducted throughout the country the overall arrears is expected to be a sizable amount, said department sources. Officials admit it reflects apathy on their part. The tax-payers did not respond to the notices and the departments did not pursue the cases, especially those related to smaller amounts, said the source.This is the second time such an exercise is being conducted. The data is being uploaded so that the amount is directly linked with the tax-payers' permanent account number (PAN). At present, the record of amounts due is maintained in a manual register but the returns are processed online. So it also happened that assessees took away the refunds but did not pay the taxes. The present system will enable directly adjusting the demands against refunds.Earlier, when the exercise was conducted 2010-11, it only led to a chaotic situation. Notices were also sent against certain demands that were already paid, or the amount was adjusted against refunds. This was because the records were not properly updated in manual register as and when the amount was recovered.Now the data are only being uploaded after proper verification, said the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax D S Saxena. After the current exercise, the amount due as arrears comes to Rs 1000 crore. Saxena said large dues also are from persons absconding due to criminal case or companies having shut down. There are some smaller amounts of due from individuals too. The process is expected to be completed by the end of the calendar year in Nagpur after which refunds would be adjusted against demands.Chartered accountants and tax practioners are, however, wary of the move owing to previous experience. Rajeev Damani, a chartered accountant , said the system had already led to a lot of chaos. The department had not updated its manual records before feeding the data into computers. There is also a Delhi High Court judgment that the department shall not adjust the refund without giving the assessee an opportunity to file a reply. The new system should not be haphazard as it was earlier by including even the tax liability already discharged, added Kailash Jogani, also a chartered accountant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343285", "title": "Non-feature bit growing: Jury", "text": "PANAJI: The jury which selected the non-feature films for this edition of the International film festival of India (IFFI) feels that there are definite signs of positive evolution in this branch of filmmaking.\"The technological developments have attracted more youngsters into filmmaking as the cost has come down. Some of the youngsters are dedicated, take the medium seriously and experiment, though many irresponsible people have plunged into filmmaking because of the slide in cost,'' said M R Rajan, the jury chairman.\"The youngsters are also seen making innovations in the treatment even when they are dealing with well-documented issues like environmental conservation. For instance, a film on the environmental degradation in the hilly district of Wayanad in North Kerala adopts a beautiful narrative method under the title 'Have you seen a lizard',\" he said.\"Non-feature filmmakers are facing acute challenges in the distribution front. There is hardly any release possibility for them, and it is refreshing to note that still they stick to the field and strive to excel. Some of them try to reach out to people by making DVDs of their films,\" Rajan said.He said altogether 148 non-feature films were submitted for selection this year and out of them only 18 were included in the final list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17344725", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCops were never serious about the probe\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police never seriously pursued the Lajpat Nagar blast trial, a former prosecutor associated with the case has claimed.Speaking to TOI, Anil Soni, former Delhi Police prosecutor in the high court, maintained that police should have deployed a special prosecutor for the case at both the trial and the appeal stages, so that it could have been fought with greater vigour.\"Police were never serious; they failed to ensure any kind of witness protection, and one by one their key witnesses turned hostile, including the shopkeeper who spotted the bomber,\" Soni said. He agreed with the strictures passed against police and the prosecution by HC, saying neither had the resources or the interest to fight a case where the common people were victims.Former Delhi HC judge, Justice S N Dhingra was even more scathing in his criticism. Elaborating on the deficiencies in the criminal justice system, Dhingra, who handed death penalty to Afzal Guru in the Parliament attack case, said he was not surprised to see the fate of the Lajpat Nagar blast case in HC.\"All terror-related cases are not investigated in the manner of 26/11, where high-profile people were attacked and famous hotels were targeted. In normal cases, where the profile of those murdered in terrorist attacks involves common people or those who come from the poor strata of society, police and the prosecution quickly lose interest. Another reason is the way in which a witness is harassed. He has to come to court for days together and wait, making him wonder if standing by his testimony will be worth it,\" Justice Dhingra said, painting a bleak picture of the existing system.The former HC judge minced no words in slamming the police. He admitted from his experience that there are different standards for the poor and the rich as far as the law is concerned. \"I wouldn't just blame the police, who admittedly have a resource crunch and can't always bring clinching evidence. The courts also behave differently. If a VIP is killed, the crime becomes the rarest of rare and the accused is hanged. If poor people die the crime isn't rarest of rare. It seems no one is concerned about the plight of the common man,\" he lamented. Unwilling to be quoted, a few serving prosecutors felt prolonged trials often dilute investigations and help the accused, as was the case in the Lajpat Nagar market blast, where the trial extended for more than 8 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17343663", "title": "Six years later, court frames charges in NRI murder case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than six years after the incident, a city sessions court is set to begin the trial in the controversial case of NRI Pankaj Trivedi's murder.Trivedi, who had taken on the Swadhyay Parivar led by Pandurang Shastri's daughter Dhanshree Talvalkar, was clubbed to death with a baseball bat, near Ellisbridge Gymkhana on June 15, 2006.Though police filed a chargesheet in time, it took nearly two years for the metropolitan court to commit the case to the sessions court, which happened on April 16 2008. According to court officials, the delay was caused following minute detailing on the part of the sessions court like the size of the bat used in the murder and disputes regarding the amount of cash recovered from the accused. After all requirements were satisfied by the magisterial court, the sessions court decided to take up the case in 2009.However, the procedure for the trial could not be started for various reasons. Public prosecutor Sudhir Brahmbhatt said that since all accused were out on bail after the apex court ordered their release, it was not possible during all these years to commence prosecution against them. But now, additional sessions judge M K Dave fixed Monday, as the date to frame charges against the 10 persons accused in this case.Meanwhile, accused Chandrasinh Jadeja, Mukesh Chudasama, Daxesh Shah, Bhupatsinh Jadeja, Mansinh Vadher, Ghanshyamsinh Chudasama, Bharat Bhatt, Bharatsinh Jadeja, Chandrakant Daki and Jashubha Jadeja are out on bail. Five of them are accused of participating in the crime by remaining at the spot. After nabbing them, the cops claimed that the accused had switched off their mobile phones at the time of the offence, but just one of them got switched on for a second, and the location could be traced to near Ellisbridge Gymkhana. Trivedi's dead body was found near Gymkhana a few months after he questioned Swadhyay Pariwar's functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17344381", "title": "Unkept promises bind victims and former rebels", "text": "KOLKATA: Not all Maoists get to surrender before flashbulbs. And not everyone gets the much-announced rehabilitation package for laying down arms.The weather-creased face of Laksmirani Mahato contorts in agony when you ask her about her youngest son Jiten. He was once in the dreaded guerrilla brigade of Sasadhar Mahato. Police say he is accused in a number of murders and that he was among the 14 rebels who formed the outer security cordon of Kishanji. This was the first hurdle the security forces had to breach to gun down the Maoist politburo member a year ago. Soon after Kishanji's death, CRPF personnel took the 14 to their Jhargram camp where they gave up arms.\"My son told me that they would surrender at a specially arranged function. He was also promised a financial package and rehabilitation,\" said Laksmirani. Now, he is again a hunted man. \"Jiten's name was shortlisted for surrender but surprisingly the police changed their mind. Forget rehabilitation, police are harassing him now,\" said a local, who negotiated between the rebels and police. \"The government has cheated them,\" said the negotiator.Jiten's neighbour Basista Mahato alias Bullet has a more bitter experience. \"Like Jiten he also surrendered and stayed in the CRPF camp in Jhargram. He, too, was not allowed to surrender. On July 4, police called him to Jhargram and arrested him. He spent more than three months in jail,\" said Bullet's father Dhoneswar.Bullet's fate taught Jiten to be more cautious. \"He hardly stays at home for fear of being arrested. A police barged into my house a few days ago in search of my son. They tore our clothes and documents and slapped me,\" alleged Laksmirani.Another dreaded name, Ponda, who was in the close circle of Suchitra Mahato (who surrendered at a flashbulb popping ceremony at Writers' ), had thought of giving up arms after Kishanji's death. \"I am lucky that I didn't follow Bullet and others. I am not with the Maoists but I will not surrender,\" he said from his hideout. \"If we had not betrayed Kishanji, then our situation would probably be different,\" he muttered.Even the victims of Maoist killings say they haven't got their due. Chobirani Mahato, whose husband Lalmohon Mahato, a Trinamool leader, was murdered in September 19, 2011, is yet to get the job promised by chief minister Mamata Banerjee . \"I am living in hardship. MP Mukul Roy visited my house and took my documents for the job but I am yet to get it.\"Mahato said she has been given a temporary job in Bandhpukuria panchayat and the process is on to give her full-time employment. \"Anindita (slain JKP leader Babu Bose) has been given a para teacher's job,\" he said., son of Narayan Mahato, and a marginal cropper at Dhanghori village of Andharia Gram Panchayat at Binpur I block (Lalgarh) is accused in several sabotages and murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17348167", "title": "Ball set rolling for city bus services in Berhampur", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The state government has decided to soon introduce city bus services connecting Berhampur to its adjoining towns like Chhatrapur and Gopalpur.The decision is based on a survey by a Mumbai-based consultant on bus services in the biggest town in southern Odisha. The final project report will be submitted to the state government before tender is issued, which will invite private companies to work through public private partnership.The government is likely to provide the buses while the chosen private company will be responsible for services management. Berhampur Development Authority (BDA) will act as a nodal agency. \"The government is likely to provide the required buses as no transport operator was coming forward to provide buses when the BDA floated the tender earlier,\" said BDA chairman Kailash Rana.At a high-level meeting, held recently in Bhubaneswar, the consultant recommended introduction of at least 25 buses in the first phase in Berhampur, Gopalpur and Chhatrapur. \"The district administration will extend all support to BDA in this,\" district collector Krishan Kumar said.\"We have already discussed the matter with the government and talks are in advanced stage,\" said Purna Chandra Pathy, vice-chairman, BDA. On project cost, he said it was not finalized.Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Notified Area Councils of Gopalpur and Chhatrapur will be other stakeholders in the project. \"We have been asked to identify the bus stops within the town. We will soon do that,\" said BMC commissioner A K Mohanty.The Berhampur civic body had introduced town bus services in the 1990s. But the services were withdrawn after the municipality incurred heavy losses. Now, there is no government transport service linking Chhatrapur, the district headquarters town, and Gopalpur, a tourist spot, with Berhampur and people have to depend on trekkers and matadors. With rise in population and tourist visits, authorities feel the services will be feasible this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17343974", "title": "Plot owner pays Rs 70,000 property tax, neighbour Rs 37", "text": "NAGPUR: Civic body Nagpur Municipal Corporation's haphazard working causes a lot of grief to Nagpurians, but this example beats all such instances. Around 250 plot owners of Pannalal Deshraj Layout, Jaripatka, have been assessed for property tax ranging from Rs 37 to over Rs 70,000. This despite the fact that all the plot owners purchased land from Pannalal Deshraj in 2007-08, and all plots are either 3,000 or 4,000 sq ft.When 14 people, who were assessed on the higher side complained, NMC assessing officer Rajesh Karade, who was the then ward officer of Asi Nagar zone, further increased their tax. Then city engineer Sanjay Gaikwad - the second objection officer - simply refused to reassess the cases when the affected citizens went in for appeal. Even deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav's directive in this regard was ignored by Karade's successor Ashok Patil.Finally, on Thursday, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane strongly reprimanded Gaikwad for his conduct and directed him to immediately reassess taxes.Property tax activist Shankar Gulani told TOI that Pannalal Deshraj had been paying property tax for the plots in his layouts at rates prevailing in 1970 (when the layout came into existence). \"The tax was below Rs100 in most cases. When he sold the plots in 2007-08, the new owners applied for mutation. Many were asked to pay corrected tax with retrospective effect. The date was different for different people. Some were asked to pay the new tax with effect from 1990, while others from 2000 and some others from some other year. Surprisingly, some owners were not asked to pay any past dues at all,\" he said.For example, Hardevi Kukreja's mutation was done on the day she applied. Her tax for 2007-08 remained at Rs 37, the tax prevailing since 1970, which is illegal.On the other hand, Meena Chawla was asked to pay corrected tax with effect from 1990 for one plot and from 2000 for another plot. The amount was in thousands. Kamlesh Ramnani paid at the rate of Rs28 till 2009. When he went in for mutation, he was asked to pay corrected tax from 1990. On appealing to Karade, Chawla, Ramnani and several others were asked to pay corrected tax from 1970! As a result their tax increased to over Rs 70,000.Gulani then sought documents under RTI as to how some people had not been asked to pay corrected tax. NMC simply said that the files had been lost. The state information commissioner (SIC) was so enraged that he ordered an enquiry against the responsible officer. Obviously, it is still going on.\"We appealed against Karade's order to then commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, who directed Gaikwad to reassess the tax. Gaikwad told us that there was no provision to reassess it once the objection officer had passed an order,\" Gulani said.\"We now hope that we will get justice. Wardhane asked Gaikwad if a man's tax was increased from Rs 100 to Rs 1 lakh, should NMC reassess it or ask him to go to court,\" Ashok Lanjewar of Jan Akrosh said.Plot thickens*Pannalal Deshraj had been paying property tax for the plots in Jaripatka at rates prevailing in 1970, which was below Rs 100 in most cases.*Deshraj sold the plots in 2007-08. Many new owners were asked to pay tax with retrospective effect when they applied for mutation. The date was different for different people.*When 14 plot owners who were assessed on the higher side complained, their tax was increased further.*They appealed to the second objection officer, but he refused to reassess the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346797", "title": "Anu to do item song", "text": "Anu Choudhury will be seen doing an item number in director Susant Mani's upcoming film, 'Sweet Heart'. Although the actress was unable for comment, Mani said, \"Anu, who plays a journalist in the film, will be doing a peppy item number. I'm sure it will go on to become a huge hit with the masses. We had already shot 70% of the movie and was waiting for winter to shoot the climax. Also, there was a clash of dates of actors for which the film got delayed. We will resume the shoots from December 5.Some scenes require forts in the backdrop, so we are planning to shoot those portions in Jaipur and the border areas of Rajasthan . The rest will be shot in Bhubaneswar. The film also stars Babusaan, Anubha Sourya, Aparajita Mohanty, Samaresh Routray, Mihir Das, Bijay Mohanty and Chakradhar Jena. The movie is expected to release sometime mid-January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17343674", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation discusses safety of BRTS buses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) held a third round of meeting on safety aspects of the BRTS corridor on Friday.The operator of the buses was called at the AMC central office to apprise the authorities of the maintenance schedule followed by the operator for each of the buses and the training workshops it had held for the drivers. The Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) has also suggested setting up of a new set of safety guidelines and devise a strict maintenance schedule for all the buses.Inspections and safety audit, according to AJL officials would be compulsory for ll buses. Besides this, tubeless tire specifications, tire pressure and replacement schedule of tyres was also discussed by the AJL officials.On Tuesday, the two BRTS buses on the to and fro carriages in the corridor collided head on after a tyre burst in one of the buses. What had baffled the AJL authorities was that it was a brand new tubeless tyre that burst and led to the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17342956", "title": "Robberies up by 14%, abductions 11% across state", "text": "PUNE: Serious crimes such as murder, robbery, kidnapping and rape witnessed a sharp to moderate increase across the state in 2011 as compared to the previous two years. On the other hand, the rate of conviction, which was 9.6% in 2009 and 9% in 2010, dipped to 8.2% in 2011.The 14th annual report, \"Crime in Maharashtra 2011\", which was released on Friday, shows robberies as having witnessed the highest increase-up by 14.2% in 2011 over the previous year. As many as 4,249 robberies were reported in the state, followed by kidnapping and abduction cases at 1,669 (increase of 10.7%), attempt to murder cases at 2,105 (9.3%), rape 1,701 (6.4%), cheating 9,098 (4.8%), molestation 3,794 (3.6%) and murder 2,818 (2.7%).The report says that \"property offences\" such as robbery, dacoity (773 cases), burglary (16,313) and theft (53,449) have gone up by 2% in 2011 as against the previous year. While the value of goods stolen in theft cases was Rs 451 crore, the goods' recovery rate was 27%. The detection rate of all cases coming under \"property offences\" was 53%. There was also a 3% increase in economic offences (white collar crimes) in 2011 as against the previous year.Crimes which were on the decline in 2011 included dowry deaths (down by 13.7%), currency counterfeiting (9.8%), sexual harassment (9.2%), culpable homicide not amounting to murder (5.3%), cruelty by husband and family members (4.0%), causing death by negligence (3.6%), criminal breach of trust (3.3%) and burglary (1.8%). The total number of crimes (cognizable offences) registered only a marginal decrease of 0.3% in 2011 as against the previous year. The overall number of crimes against women declined by 1.5% in 2011, the report says. However, some crimes against women were on the rise - women trafficking (increase of 27.5%), kidnapping and abduction (11.4%), dowry deaths (10%), rape (6.4%), molestation (3.6%) and attempt to murder for dowry (2.3%).There was also a decline in the number of cases of abetment to suicide (15.9%), dowry death (13.7%), murder for dowry (12.6%), sexual harassment (9.2%) and cruelty by husband and his family members (4%). The report said 41% of all crimes against women pertain to cruelty committed by husband and his family members while the conviction rate in such cases was 2.2%. In cases like sexual harassment and molestation, the conviction rate is as low as 5.4% and 7.7% respectively. The report, published by the CID, Pune, was released by home minister R R Patil .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17342772", "title": "Bangalore Development Authority offices searched", "text": "BANGALORE: A team of officials from the Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) searched the Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) offices on Friday. This was in connection with irregularities in the widening of Begur-Hulimavu road to allegedly benefit a project taken up by realty major DLF.The BMTF had registered a case against DLF, and a member of BDA's town planning department, Tirukane Goudar, was arrested.BMTF sources said the BDA town planning department allegedly gave permission to DLF to develop the project. They said they are looking for another town planning member in connection with the case.Last week, BMTF registered a case against DLF, a former commissioner of BDA, and ex-administrator of the BBMP for granting permission to widen the road.The FIR was registered following a complaint by Nagesh, who alleged that BDA and BBMP officials approved the road widening from 18 metres to 24 to legalize the construction of an apartment complex in Begur, South Bangalore. This was done to increase the permissible floor area ratio of the apartment complex so that the builder could construct 19 floors instead of the permitted four-storey plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17344377", "title": "India wriggle out of own spin trap", "text": "MUMBAI: MS Dhoni wanted a wicket that would assist turn as early as possible in the second Test, and his wish has been granted. At the cost of becoming a dustbowl, a designer track was made available by Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) curator Sudhir Naik.Judging by how Day One of the second Test panned out, there are genuine fears the pitch may now crack up way earlier than the stipulated five days.Scorecard | Match in PicsSome other important things also fell in place for the skipper. India picked a third spinner at the cost of a seamer. Dhoni won the toss yet again and Virender Sehwag, playing in his 100th Test, began with another flourish.The early morning activity went as smooth for India as the gentle breeze flowing in from the nearby Arabian Sea. Until then, there was no inkling that the hosts may have missed out a tiny detail in their strategy to counter the spin-fearing England team.That England too could've fielded three spinners, not repeated the mistake of leaving out Monty Panesar and made the best of the conditions is a thought that may have occurred to many only when India's top order began to crumble.Virender Sehwag and Sachin Tendulkar were left clueless when left-arm Panesar (4/91) dismissed both of them clean bowled, with the pitch assisting a huge amount of turn. It felt for a moment that the joke was on India.Credit goes to the in-form Cheteshwar Pujara , whose unbeaten 114 -- and No. 8 batsman Ravichandran Ashwin's brisk unbeaten 60 -- helped the team out of a hole and helped them finish at 266-6 at stumps. However, until the two got together, it appeared for most of the afternoon that the hosts could've perished below 250.England captain Alastair Cook persisted with Stuart Broad, who had shown poor form in the first Test. He retained Samit Patil's left-arm orthodox spin, maybe for variety. It didn't help much as Broad was the costliest bowler of the day and Patel hardly got to bowl.Panesar, England's costly mistake in Ahmedabad, and the wily Graeme Swann did the damage.When India won the toss and opted to bat, Gautam Gambhir walked out to the middle on thin ice. The left-hander has been in very poor form and it continued to stay with him when a straight delivery from Jimmy Anderson -- one which the batsman tried to play across the line -- got Gambhir's pads. Another poor outing and the batsman could be in danger of losing his place in the team.That brought Pujara out to the middle. The batsman of the day beat time and stitched runs till stumps. The other end saw wickets fall quickly until the new ball was taken and Ashwin stayed on.India's first innings and the eventual total now hinge on what more Pujara and Ashwin have to offer.But when the end comes, the focus will be on what the visitors can do on a wicket on which Dhoni's men -- mostly good players of the turning ball -- failed to find their feet. Dhoni's wish of playing three spinners after being given a tailor-made pitch has been granted.The point now is how unpleasant these three spinners can make life for England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343015", "title": "FIR lodged against father for raping girl for 3 years", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police lodged an FIR against the father of a 17-year-old girl for alleged sexual harassment for over three years.The girl, a resident of Jhunjhunu district, came to Jaipur along with her widowed father three months ago. They were putting up at a rented accommodation in Shastri Nagar.The girl, depressed over being repeatedly raped by her father, managed to run away from the house. She was brought to the police station by a woman. The police recorded her statement and then sent her to the child shelter.The Shastri Nagar police finally lodged an FIR against the father on Thursday after a two-month long investigation into the girl's statement.The police are investigating if the accused man is her biological father as according to some villagers in Jhunjhunu, he had found the girl immediately after her birth while he was working as a labourer in Gujarat 17 years ago.According to the police, the girl, a resident of a village in Jhunjhunu's Khetari police station area, had run away after being depressed over sexual harassment by her father, identified as Vidhyadhar Saini.\"In her statement to the police, the girl said that she was being raped by her father for three years,\" said a police officer.The girl recorded her statement before the police in October. The case was being investigated by an ASI rank officer who, prima-facie, found the allegations to be true. However, the delay in lodging the FIR has raised questions over police functioning.\"We have launched a search for the accused father. He has been booked under Section 376 of IPC,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17343973", "title": "4, including lawyer, kin booked for pushing girl into flesh trade", "text": "KARNAL: Karnal police have registered a case against one lawyer and three residents of Karnal for allegedly forcing a girl into flesh trade after keeping her in illegal confinement for five months. One of the accused also happens to be related to the victim.The girl, who had fled from her house in Jind's Dhadrath village, was being perceived as missing by the police, which had been trying to trace her. Sources said she was being kept in illegal confinement by her relative Bawi alias Billo in Karnal and was used as a sex worker.The matter came to light when the girl's mother, Sukhwinder Kaur, learnt that her daughter, who was missing, was actually at the house of her father's aunt. She then got in touch with a social activist in Jind and informed the police. Cops raided Bawi's house on November 16 but could not find the girl.However, the very next day, the girl fled from Bawi's residence and reached Assandh and called her mother. According to police, the girl told her mother that she was kept locked in an almirah with her mouth gagged and limbs tied.The girl said she had left home since she was frustrated of her failed marriage and stayed with her aunt who eventually pushed her into flesh trade. DSP Joginder Rathi said a case was registered under sections 328 (administrating intoxicants), 366 (abduction), 376 (rape) and 120B of IPC against a lawyer named Pandit, Bawi and another woman Rekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17343759", "title": "Mental health crisis erupting in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The tragedy at Kasara ghat, wherein a father allegedly murdered his two pre-teen children before attempting to end his own life two days later, is indicative of a worrying mental health crisis in society, say psychiatrists.Family suicides like Nitin Shah's have been hitting the headlines in the past few months with increasing regularity. In early November, a housewife tried to take her life by jumping into Kasheli creek after flinging her two daughters from the Thane-Bhiwandi bypass bridge. That incident came soon after a homemaker, Kritika Patel, leapt to death off the 18th floor of a Kandivli skyscraper with her two-year-old daughter. Earlier this year, two couples carried out suicide pacts in the city. Last year was as disturbing, with seven reported family suicides in Maharashtra.Many perceive the cases as a symptom of an emerging crisis that can no longer be ignored.\"Such suicides are a sign of distinct lack of coping abilities among today's generation. People are not developing their coping skills because of which they are not able to deal with hardships,\" says Johnson Thomas of anti-suicide helpline Aasra. Thomas believes that the decline in traditional family ties and social interactions has undercut the protective cushion citizens earlier enjoyed.Psychiatrist Harish Shetty says such incidents can be examined through multiple prisms-of mental health, of causative sociological reasons, even viewing the perpetrator as a murderer. He too blames the suicides on the rising angst and alienation resulting from the loss of emotional contact among families and friends. \"We need to send out a strong message to the community. If one is sad, upset or depressed, please seek help. No one has any business killing another,\" he points out.The increase in mass suicides forced the National Crime Records Bureau to introduce them as a separate category beginning 2009.Many believe the society needs to devise ways to deal with the crises within. Family members need to reach out to one another to enable sharing of anxieties and to facilitate tiding over them. Psychiatrists caution that people should not ignore the pleas of their loved ones if they often suggest that they are fed up with life. The cries could be telltale signs of distress. Reaching out to mental health helplines to anonymously unload stress with a professional or reaching out to a counsellor too can provide succour.\"People should watch out for signs of depression if someone is suffering from a chronic illness or has suffered financial loss,\" advises Dr Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17343994", "title": "'Excessive workload as bad as joblessness'", "text": "MELBOURNE: Having a demanding job can be just as bad for a person's mental health as being unemployed, a new study has found.The study is the first to use nationally representative data from England to compare the mental health of those who are unemployed with those in jobs of differing psycho-social quality.Researchers led by associate professor Peter Butterworth from the Australia's National University said poor psychosocial job quality is measured by factors such as high job demands, low job control, poor job security and low job esteem.Butterworth said the study's findings support the hypothesis that the mental health benefits of work are restricted to good quality jobs, and that the poorest quality work is comparable to unemployment as a risk factor for poor mental health.\"Our analysis clearly established that there was no difference in the rates of common mental disorders, such as anxiety and depression, between those who were unemployed and those who were in the poorest quality jobs,\" Butterworth said.\"Both of these groups of individuals were more likely to experience a common mental disorder than those who were in high quality work.\"Importantly, the results confirm previous findings from analysis of Australian data. They add to a growing body of research highlighting the need to address the psychosocial aspects of the work environment as part of national government plans to reduce mental illness in the community,\" Butterworth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347209", "title": "Kareena-Imran in Karan Johar's next", "text": "After receiving great response for their pairing in 'Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu', Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor will be seen together in yet another film.Karan Johar has confirmed the news of featuring the duo in Dharma Productions' upcoming film.The film will be directed by Punit Malhotra who earlier directed the youthful film I Hate Luv Stories under the same banner. Sources reveal that this film has a love story vibe and is 'super fun yet poignant'. Kareena and Imran share a great chemistry in Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu and are looking forward to recreate the same magic again.The coming year has an exciting lineup of films for Dharma Productions including Ranbir-Deepika starrer Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani followed by 2 States with Arjun Kapoor and Imran Khan and Kareena Kapoor's film directed by Punit Malhotra!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17344076", "title": "Powers to quash FIR can't be used liberally, says HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Dismissing a criminal application for quashing of FIR, Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has ruled, \"powers under Section 482 of CrPC cannot be liberally exercised and have to be used sparingly with circumspection where there is a dire need to exercise inherent powers if the case appears false, baseless or ill-motivated.\" A single-judge bench of Justice Ashok Bhangale observed they can't be used for stifling legitimate prosecution..City-based applicant Inderjit Singh was charged with cheating, forgery, criminal trespass and conspiracy and other sections of IPC by Gittikhadan police station. He filed an application to the magistrate, praying for quashing of FIR but it was dismissed. He met with the same fate at the sessions court that also imposed a cost of Rs 1,000 on him.Singh then moved high court praying it to invoke inherent powers under Section 482 of CrPC to quash the FIR lodged against him and also the proceedings underway at 10th JMFC in Nagpur in case No 3750 of 2006.Rambhau Mahajan had filed that FIR in the police station accusing Singh and others for allegedly forging the sale-deed documents. He claimed he was the founder of Gruhalaxmi Gruha Nirman Society which had proposed a scheme for constructing houses on a three-acre land. This land belonged to a woman who is no more. The accused produced a document dating January 18, 1974, claiming that the woman had transferred the land in his name.However, Mahajan suspected these documents to be forged as January 18, 1974, was a public holiday. He claimed accused were just a pawn and a renowned builder was behind these transactions. Mahajan's allegations resulted in NIT disapproving the builder's layout plan.Singh contended that he had no concern with entire dealing. But APP argued that the orders of the trial court and sessions court were \"detailed and well reasoned\" and that there was no justification to invoke the court's powers under Section 482 of CrPC.Citing Section 240 of CrPC, the prosecutor added that \"unless the magistrate considers the accusation as groundless, he is required to frame charge under Section 240 CrPC\".Considering the material placed before it, the high court found that there were no grounds to quash a legitimate proceeding.\"The accusation against the applicant cannot be described as false or groundless so as to drop him from the prosecution case at this stage,\" the judge said.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343922", "title": "Schools, colleges encouraged to take up vocational courses", "text": "PUNE: The British Council and Edexcel have offered specialized vocational courses to various schools in the country, encouraging government and private educational institutions to promote such courses.Over 30 schools from the city participated in a seminar on vocational education jointly organized by the British Council and Edexcel on Friday. The teachers and principals present at the seminar were made aware of the importance of skill development at an early age and how it is increasingly becoming essential to incorporate vocational education in academics.Edexcel, which is the United Kingdom's largest body offering academic and vocational qualifications at schools and colleges, has designed over 5,000 vocational courses at school and higher education levels. In India, Edexcel has signed up seven schools, including two in Mumbai, offering vocational courses.Addressing a news conference Premila Paulraj Canitius, vice-president, Edexcel Academics said, \"Vocational education in India is promoted in a big way today both by the government as well as the private sector. We have at least six vocational courses which are suitable for Indian students and will help them get an edge over others.\" She said that the response from schools in Pune was good and Edexcel hoped to tie up with some of them in future. The seminar in Pune was third such seminar in the country conducted in association with British Council. The other two seminars were held in Delhi and Bangalore.According to Edexcel, courses on fashion designing, photography, sports, theatre and drama, bio-medical, media production and travel are being offered to schools. Theatre and drama are in demand, Canitius said, adding that schools wishing to sign up for these courses need to have the necessary infrastructure to run the courses.Sarah Deverall, director of examinations, British Council, said, \"Edexcel will train one teacher from each school on the course content and assessment method and continuous review on the progress of the course will be done. The courses range from three months to one year and are suitable for students above 14 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342222", "title": "Expedite green nod for power plant: Jayalalithaa to PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday sought the Prime Minister's immediate intervention to expedite the issue of environmental clearance for commissioning the 1200MW north Chennai thermal power project.Early commissioning of ongoing power generation projects in the state is necessary to augment the capacity addition to meet the huge power deficit which is of the order of 4000MW, she has stated in a letter to PM Manmohan Singh .\"...After delaying the issue of environmental clearance for this project for the past six years, the Union ministry of environment and forests has now advised the state government to ask the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited to apply afresh for environmental clearance in accordance with provisions under the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification, 2006,\" she said.She noted that the two units of 600MW each have been programmed to be synchronized in December this year and February 2013 and were likely to be generate power continuously from April-May.\"As such, applying the stipulations of the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification 2006, for the project governed by the earlier Environmental Impact Assessment Notification 1994, at this point of time when the project is ready for commissioning is not acceptable,\" she said.She also noted that the \"inordinate delay\" and the non-issuance of environmental clearance for the enhanced capacity by the ministry of environment and forests has resulted in the cancellation of the letter of assurance given by Mahanadhi Coal Fields Limited for supply of coal for the above project on September 28.The chief minister said the project originally was proposed by Videocon Power Limited which had obtained environmental clearance for the establishment of 2x525MW north Chennai thermal power project stage-II with validity up to May 10, 2006.Meanwhile, speaking on the sidelines of a marriage function here on Friday, Jayalalithaa accused the Centre of continuing to adopt a \"negative approach\" on various issues, including the Cauvery river water issue and the Mullaperiyar project.Stating that the Centre was also continuously reducing the quantum of kerosene allocation for the state, Jayalalithaa said her repeated letters to the Prime Minister fetched only routine acknowledgement that it has been received.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346600", "title": "Seema Singh in Guinness Book of World Records?", "text": "Seema Singh, Bhojpuri actor and dancer, is set for a place in the Guinness Book of World Records for the highest number of item songs in films.The Allahabadi girl has featured in more than 250 items songs in nearly 170 Bhojpuri films, which she claims is the highest by any artiste. Seema says she will soon produce all the necessary documentary evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17347035", "title": "Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University to follow OMR system in examination", "text": "KANPUR: The first page of the examination answer-sheet of Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University will totally be based on Optical Mark Reader (OMR) system from the upcoming session, 2012-13. The university authorities have also decided to give extra time to the students to fill the OMR sheet during examinations.The marking columns will be similar to that of the previous years. The marks will be filled in the columns after the checking of the full copy by the examiner. The marking columns and their encoding will also be based on special codes, which will later be decoded by computer.Also, the university authorities have decided to purchase the paper for examination answer-sheets on their own. Even the printing of the sheets will be done under the special guidance of the universities department heads. The first page of the copies will be based on OMR system, which will be read by computer.Its important to mention here that following the steps of central universities, the authorities of CSJMU have declared the date of their session exams quiet early this year. The CSJMU session ending exams are scheduled to start from March 09.Meanwhile, the decision of conducting both the regular and private exams together or separately is yet to be taken, which will be decided by the university authorities by the end of ongoing month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343846", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority plans theme parks on banks of Gomti", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority has proposed to construct theme-based parks, pathways, cycle tracks, water sports, gardens and other recreational facilities for the people on both sides of river Gomti. According to LDA's vice chairman, Rajiv Aggarwal, the agency has enough unutilised land on the left bank of the river that can be used for constructing public recreational facilities and improving the environment.LDA has given the task of doing the hydrological study of this area to IIT, Roorkee for this project. Sources said a team of technical experts from IIT-Roorkee have already visited Lucknow to inspect the area, and has advised against permanent construction on the riverbed.The authority has received 12 bids from various consultants to do the feasibility study and planning of the project. The bids have been reportedly opened on November 17 and their review is on. The consultant would be appointed after the review and analysis of all the bids. The authority said that they are encouraging more number of foreign firms to contribute in the bidding process to ensure better quality and competition.LDA has also proposed to construct a 15-kilometre-long bridge extending from the bypass linking Sitapur Road &amp; Hardoi Road to Gomti barrage, under the River Development Project. This is the LDA's second attempt to develop Gomti's river front. Earlier, the department of urban development earmarked a 22 kilometre stretch for beautification. Lucknow's Kudhia Ghat is the first river front development initiative undertaken during the tenure of the BJP government.The revival of the river front development project comes after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's visit to London earlier this year. The CM had expressed desire to get a London Eye for Lucknow, for which the government appointed LDA as the nodal agency for executing the project.One of the participating firms has said that the riverfront project is expected to be a successful revenue generating model. The dynamics of the model, however, change from place to place and depend largely on the river and its nature. \"What is good for Sabarmati may not be good for Gomti. However, Lucknow has immense potential since the curve of the river Gomti allows an artist to use his/her imagination freely,\" said an architect associated with a firm with offices in Delhi and Mumbai.An LDA official also said they have asked consultants to work on a vision plan, which mandates that the model is self-sustainable, generates revenue for the state and should be as green as possible. In addition, the developers have also been asked to incorporate the London Eye into the project.The Gomti river front project has been deemed as a 'design challenge' by many architects, since the success of the project will depend on the river's beautification and interventions to enhance the functional and scenic heritage of the river. A Lucknow-based architect said, \"Certain factors pose a major challenge for the architects. For instance, the flood level of Gomti is high. Similarly, a lot of untreated water goes into it. Also, Gomti is the chief source of drinking water in the city. On the basis of recommendations made by IIT Roorkee, the scope for revenue generation through real estate development will be limited.\"A retired official of the state's urban development department also said riverfronts have emerged as lively urban spots of cities through their socio-cultural, intellectual and economic arms. \"A renewed waterfront offers investors a promising return on the capital. Cities enjoy increased tourism, employment and growth opportunities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bijnor", "code": "17347550", "title": "Three die of gas poisoning in sugar mill in UP", "text": "BIJNOR: Three persons were killed and two others fell ill due to methane gas leakage at Seohara Sugar Mill in this Uttar Pradesh district, police said on Saturday.Turbine operator Jagdish Singh, Lokesh and security guard Pradeep fell unconscious and later died when they tried to stop the leakage from a turbine of the distillery plant of Upper Ganges Sugar Mill yesterday, they said.Two guards Kashinath and Vijay also became unconscious and were rushed to a hospital from where they were referred to Moradabad.Executive president of the mill Sukhveer Singh announced that the widows of the deceased employees, Jagdish and Lokesh, would continue to receive salaries of their husbands.An interim relief of Rs 1.25 lakh and due compensation would also be paid to them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17344070", "title": "Traders resent shifting of shopping fest opening venue", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The trading community in the city has expressed concern over shifting of the venue of the inaugural function of the Grand Kerala Shopping Festival (GKSF) from here to Kannur.The traders and businessmen here feel that it has sent a wrong signal about the attitude of the people.\"The shifting of venue has affected people from various trades, including auto drivers, entrepreneurs and the hospitality industry,\" said president of the Malabar Chamber of Commerce Alok Kumar Saboo .Though first accorded permission to the tourism department to conduct the festival, the corporation later revoked the decision following opposition from sports lovers of Kozhikode. They feel the stadium should be preserved exclusively for sports events and not for shopping festivals.The corporation has sent a list of alternative venues in the city, but the tourism department decided to hold the function in Kannur.\"If the event can be conducted at Kannur stadium, where sports events are being hosted, there is no point in sticking on to the argument that other events will not be allowed at the Kozhikode corporation stadium,\" said Alok.All Kerala goods distributors association president C E Chakunny said the Kozhikode stadium should be converted into a multipurpose one. \"It is a loss for us. We are slowly losing the status of the trade hub of Malabar and the latest development will add to the deterioration. The attitude of triggering controversies over everything has started affecting the business prospects of the city and has sent a wrong signal to the outside world. The stadium can be provided to conduct public events on the condition that the organizers should be responsible for any loss to the stadium at the time of holding the event,\" he said.Meanwhile, GKSF director U V Jose said the government has decided to select Kannur the venue for the inaugural function considering easy accessibility and he large space needed to conduct the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343879", "title": "HC asks Centre what it has done to trace missing 12 Pak nationals", "text": "LUCKNOW: Raising finger at the central intelligence agencies, which have failed to trace out 12 Pakistani nationals, who had come to watch the India-Pak cricket match in the country in 2007, but did not return after the series, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court asked the Centre as to what it has done to trace these missing Pakistani citizens. The court has posted the matter on December 10 for next hearing.A division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice Satish Chandra passed the above order on a PIL directing the central government counsel to obtain detailed instructions about these missing foreign nationals. The court though turned down the plea to restrain Centre and Bfrom issuing sports visa to Pakistani citizens for upcoming India-Pakistani cricket series starting from December 25 on mere apprehensions that more Pakistani citizens may choose to stay back in India with ill intention and pose threat to safety and security of the nation.A PIL had sought ban on issuing visa to Pakistani nationals during the upcoming Indo-Pak series. It also suggested changing the venue of series from the country. Based on a TOI report, the PIL said that the last bilateral series in the country were held in 2007 and a large number of Pakistani nationals had come to watch the matches. After the series, 12 Pakistanis went missing and even after five years, intelligence and security agencies have not been able to trace them out. A number of terror incidents have taken place in India since then, and the missing Pakistani nationals might have some connections with the incidents, said the PIL.The PIL expressed fear that in the garb of sports visa, terror outfits may succeed in sending their men to India and it may pose serious threat to the safety and security of the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17344965", "title": "Sudhir Rajpal transferred, MCG awaits new commissioner", "text": "GURGAON: Less than two years after he was posted as the municipal commissioner of Gurgaon, Sudhir Rajpal was transferred on Friday evening as the new director general, information, public relations and cultural affairs and grievances, Haryana. Rajpal will now be posted in Chandigarh. The state government is yet to announce his replacement in Gurgaon. According to sources, Faridabad municipal commissioner D Suresh is one of the likely candidates for the job. Reacting to the development, Rajpal said the news of transfer didn't come to him as a surprise.\"I was expecting the transfer and I am looking forward to my new posting in Chandigarh. My tenure in Gurgaon as the municipal commissioner has been very good,\" he said. Rajpal will also have the additional charge of director general, sports and youth affairs in the state.Among some of the new initiatives that Rajpal took as the municipal commissioner are establishing a call center to register grievances and the digitization of birth and death certificates. He made municipal services available online and emphasized that residents should not have to visit the MCG offices for things like submitting house tax and other documents.However, in terms of developmental projects, Rajpal made little impact on the city. He will be most remembered perhaps for his incongruity with the city mayor. Even though they shared the same stage during House meetings, their differences were quite obvious. The mayor had in fact gone to the extent of sending a letter to the state government complaining that the commissioner is not cooperating with him just because he (mayor) belongs to the rival faction of the Congress party.But some MCG councillors said that his term should have been extended. \"It is not even two years and the commissioner has already been transferred. Now, it will take another six months before the new commissioner settles in and gets acquainted with the city and its needs,\" said councillor Nisha Singh.\"In case of a transfer, there should be formal handing over of charge. The outgoing commissioner should call a meeting with the new commissioner and councillors,\" said Singh. Rajpal, an IIM-A graduate and a 1990 Haryana cadre IAS officer, in his earlier role as the Gurgaon DC in 2005 was in the thick of action during the violent clashes between the police and the striking Honda workers. The incident had led to his transfer out of Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346070", "title": "Mythili excited about her upcoming release", "text": "She is in her first year of graduation and her final exams are still a few months away, but Mythili is all set to face the biggest test of her life next month as two of her films \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Telisi Teliyaka and Double Trouble \u00e2\u20ac\u201d lined up for release. \"I am so excited I can't tell you. All my life I dreamed of becoming an actor, but had no idea that it would all come together so soon,\" beams Mythili.Talking about her films she says, \"Telisi Teliyaka is a cute love story laced with an element of suspense. Double Trouble is a complete fun entertainer loaded with lots of humour.\" Prakash a debutante is directing Telisi Teliyaka while Ravi Shankar is directing Double Trouble. He is also playing the lead in the movie. She considers director Lawrence as her guru. \"I learnt dance from Lawrence \", adds Mythili.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343654", "title": "Ireland sets up public probe into death of Savita Halappanavar", "text": "BANGALORE: Besides the ongoing probe by the Health Service Executive (HSE), the Irish government is setting up a public inquiry into the death of Dr Savita Halappanavar. \"The (Irish) government is setting up the HIQA (Health Information and Quality Authority) inquiry, which is a statutory inquiry, in response to Praveen Halappanavar's request. I'm hopeful he'll see this as adequate and heartfelt response from the Irish people,\" Ireland's minister for higher education and skills, Ciaran Cannon T D, who was here to promote education in Ireland , told reporters on Friday.Declining to give a time-frame for the probe, he said, \"It'll happen very quickly.\" He defended the HSE inquiry: \"It is highly, highly unusual. We don't know what has happened. We need absolute clarity on what actually happened. To get that clarity, we need the medical inquiry.\"The minister said the implementation of the recommendations of the expert committee would ensure that a similar tragedy would not happen again. The committee, set up in January to bring clarity to Irish abortion laws, have its report to the government last week.\"Many medical professionals have argued they don't know how to react in such a situation. They don't have clarity. We need that clarity so that we can advise medical practitioners about procedures to adopt so that it (tragedy like Savita's) never happens again,\" he said, adding the PM and the cabinet were examining it and would begin implementation immediately.MinisterspeakIt's a terrible tragedy for Savita's family. But, I don't think it'll damage the perception of people. We pride ourselves on the high quality of our health system. It's the best place in the world to have a baby. We need to act quickly and effectively and ensure it (Savita case) doesn't happen again, said Ciaran Cannon T D, Irish minister for higher education and skills", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "17343431", "title": "Archery workshop held at Bicholim", "text": "GOA: A 10-day archery workshop was recently organized by the Shri Shantadurga high school (SSHS), Bicholim, in association with Goa archery association. In all, 50 students participated in the workshop.SSHS headmaster Suresh Ghatwal, chairperson Sadashiv Walaulikar, member Arun Salkar, PT teacher Deelip Kundaikar, Ketan Kavlekar - a member of archery association, Gurudas Sawant and Sudan Sawal were among those present on the concluding day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347338", "title": "Khiladi 786 creates a new music trend - Mashup", "text": "We have heard of remixes. But Mashup seems to be the new trend in music world.The music of Khiladi 786 has got the whole nation grooving to the cheery and upbeat tracks. Keeping in mind the growing popularity of the songs from the film, the makers of the film have released a fantastic mashup of the all the tracks.The ' Khiladi 786 ' Mashup has all the songs mixed together with captivating beats that give a perfect background to the extremely catchy lyrics. The highlight of the mashup is the rap by Honey Singh from the 'Lonely Song'. Mashup is definitely going to be played in all the popular hangouts and pubs.The music of the film has already topped the chartbusters and the Mashup is further going to add to the popularity of the Khiladi 786 tracks. Himesh Reshammiyahas composed the music of the Khiladi 786 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17343565", "title": "Capping of Sonsoddo before monsoon: MMC", "text": "MARGAO: The proposed exercise of scientific capping of the garbage dump at Sonsoddo will take a longer time to commence.The Margao municipal council (MMC) will now have to wait for the \"final report\" of its consultant, K R Gopalkrishnan, based on which the MMC is to invite expressions of interest from contractors for executing the task.At the meeting of the standing committee of the MMC on sanitation held on Friday, Gopalkrishnan explained the details of the project to the members, following which the MMC selected one of the four models of execution of the project.The detailed project report, as per the chosen model, will now be submitted to the MMC by Gopalkrishnan by December 15 while other details like technical specifications, financial estimates, bid documents, etc will be submitted by December 31.Gopalkrishnan, in the consultancy report submitted by him earlier this month, had asked the MMC to select one of the four models presented by him.\"The capping exercise will start before monsoon,\" chief officer of the MMC, Srinet Kothwale, told TOI after the meeting concluded.\"The effective area of the garbage dump to be capped is almost 15,000 sq m while the effective volume of the garbage is nearly 1.4 lakh cu m While evaluating the options, we factored in primarily three aspects - cost of the project, area to be capped, and aesthetic value. We selected option number 1 which entails demolishing the existing shed and constructing a retaining wall on southern and western side of the garbage dumpyard,\" he said.The capping exercise envisages levelling and reforming the existing heap of garbage dump and incorporating environmental mitigation measures including laying of geotextiles (impermeable surface cover) to secure the site against seepage of rainwater and collection of landfill gas (predominantly methane), leachate collection system, development of a green belt and landscaping, including a green cover over the dumpsite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343801", "title": "CM assures more facilities for farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following the adjournment of the Legislative Assembly on Friday, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav toured Firozabad and Etawah districts. Interacting with local residents, Akhilesh promised to expand the facilities being made available to farmers. Saying the interest of farmers was top priority for his government, Akhilesh said free water from state government-run handpumps and canals had already been made available. Referring to Thursday's decision to waive farm loans up to Rs 50,000, the chief minister emphasised the Samajwadi Party government's commitment to fulfilling all election promises.In Etawah, while addressing the closing ceremony of a national level Women's Sports Competition, CM said the government was taking steps to promote sports in the state. Apart from making allowances for the construction of new sports infrastructure, the government has increased the prize money for the Yash Bharti Award. Akhilesh also said the government will shortly assess and revise the dietary allowances for sports trainers in the state. The last time the allowances were increased was during the previous Samajwadi Party regime when Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister. The party's commitment to the sporting cause, Akhilesh added, remains unchanged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17343059", "title": "Global robotics event wows Jaipurites", "text": "JAIPUR: Models for safe rail travel, wireless burglar prevention, invisible curtain have been head turners during the global robotics innovation competition 'International Science Model Exhibition and Competit- ion' here.Organised by the University of Engineering and Management (UEM), the exhibition cum competition saw participation of 5,000 teachers and students from 300 schools and universities from across the globe.Participants from England, Canada , Singapore, Dubai and all over India, displayed more than 150 robotics models, including a fire extinguisher which can be operated with a clap. The leading role on the occasion was taken by students from Rajasthan.Satyajit Chakrabarti, professor and vice-chancellor of UEM said the most important thing is confidence building amongst youth to achieve a dream. \"All our young boys and girls must believe we can do a path-breaking research for human use,\" he said.Among the models is a fire escape system designed by Biswajoy Chatterjee, a professor of the Institute of Engineering &amp; Management. Residents of high-rise buildings can safely escape in case of engulfing fire through the system. The cost of a prototype will be about Rs. 3000 per person.During the exhibition, students from Kota displayed sensors to catch moving machines which automatically change speed of the tools to be caught. Five prizes of Rs 25,000 each were given away at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "piduguralla", "code": "17344687", "title": "Labour dept books 14 lime kilns for hiring child workers", "text": "PIDUGURALLA: Cracking the whip on the hazardous lime kiln units, the labour department booked cases against the managements for engaging child labourers in them.Special teams headed by deputy commissioner (labour) Esuf Shaik conducted surprise raids on industrial units in Piduguralla on Friday and rescued nearly 27 child workers. The special teams, which reached the industrial units in the early hours, camped in the area and identified 27 child workers, including 11 girls in 14 lime kiln units by 10 am.Though the managements met the official teams and assured that they would not employ children in the future, the officials did not heed their requests and booked cases against them.In addition, the managements were also directed to deposit Rs 20,000 in the name of each child worker to secure their future. The children were taken to a local NGO-Assist where they were provided lunch before being handed over to their parents.Addressing a meeting of parents and managements, deputy commissioner Esuf warned that stringent action would be taken against those engaging children as workers.He said that Rs 1 lakh would be imposed as fine in addition to a jail term of three months for committing such a crime in future.He said commissioner (labour) B Ramanjaneyulu had given strict orders not to spare errant managements.He urged the parents not to send their children to work as the government was committed to providing them free education and free clothing till the completion of their studies.Project director of NCLP, I Venkateswarlu said that 11 girl children who were rescued would be admitted to Kasturba Ashram Schools and boys would be admitted to local social welfare hostels. Deputy inspector of factories, Sridhar and all the ACLs and ALOs from the district were part of the special teams which conducted raids on the industrial units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17344574", "title": "Social messages colour carnival", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The carnival may be one of the liveliest events you have seen but there's more to it this year. The administration has used the opportunity to spread awareness about various issues like HIV/AIDS. Chandigarh's future as a solar city finds apt expression in stalls, exhibitions and plays.Authorities at the Chandigarh Arts Museum have chosen the most novel way of spreading AIDS awareness, a kite exhibition. Members of the Chandigarh State AIDS Control Society also organized street plays to drive the message home. On Friday, artists from Rudra Theatre Company staged the play, \"Bhasmasur.\"As for as the projection of the city as a user of solar energy, the Department of Science and Technology has set up a stall displaying street lights and lanterns that work with solar energy at Leisure Valley. Authorities are also helping out those who are interested in using solar energy at the stall.A visit to the stall yields information on solar street lights, solar lanterns and also solar cooking. Bookings for private solar lanterns began on Friday. The lanterns, which cost Rs 4000 each, were very popular with the people.\"I only read about the solar system but was not aware of how I could use it. The concept of solar lanterns is good because anyone can get them at a reasonable price,\" Saakshi Bedi, a visitor, said.The concept of infotainment or a blend of information and entertainment impressed many. \"Carnivals are supposed to entertain with fun activities but if one gets to learn, its good,\" said Dharmesh Kumar, a visitor, after watching a street play. According to Namita Shah, another visitor, such events provide the perfect opportunity to reach out to a large number of people from all walks of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17343758", "title": "Unable to kill kids as they watched, Panvel father first put them to sleep", "text": "MUMBAI: The investigation into the killings of two Panvel siblings has revealed that their father had informed them of his decision to take their lives. But unable to commit the act as they looked on, he put the children to sleep in the forests of Kasara ghat. Hours later, he strangled them both, first with his hands and then a handkerchief.Forty-five-year-old Nitin Shah, investigators said, was depressed for some time over his wife Sonam's \"mental illness\". Last weekend, while at home due to the region-wide shutdown in the wake of Bal Thackeray's death, his despair worsened. On Sunday night, he resolved to end his life and kill both Janhavi (12) and Parag (10).Reacting to the tragedy, Nitin's neighbours at Rachna Height building in Panvel said he is a soft-spoken and sensitive person who never seemed capable of taking such an extreme step. The garments salesman himself was found on Thursday morning at Kasara ghat, barely a few hundred metres from the spot where his children were discovered, with self-inflicted cuts on the wrists.Nitin's father Devchand and brother Vipul told police that he was deeply affected by Sonam's \"psychiatric problems\", for which she was being treated for six years. Nitin could no longer focus on work, they claimed, and the children could no longer concentrate on their studies.Through most of the recent Diwali vacations, he would leave Janhavi and Parag at Devchand's house in Panvel on his way to work and collect them when returning.He reportedly gave Sonal the same reason for taking the children out on Monday morning. But instead of heading for Devchand's home, Nitin took Janhavi and Parag to Igatpuri by bus. There, the three ate some snacks at a hotel and spent a little time. On the way back late in the evening, Nitin got them to disembark at Kasara ghat and walk into the forests.It is there, officers said, that Nitin divulged to the children his designs. However, unable to kill the two as they watched, he put them to sleep. Early Tuesday morning, while Janhavi and Parag were still asleep, he strangulated them, first with his hands and next with a handkerchief. Officers said Nitin tried ending his own life with the same cloth, but did not go through with the act.So, leaving the bodies of Janhavi and Parag behind, he wandered around Mumbai on trains for the next two days, contemplating a way to commit suicide. Early Thursday morning, he returned to Kasara ghat and slit his wrists. He was discovered soon after by police and rushed to hospital. He is undergoing treatment at J J Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17343949", "title": "Only 30% have access to sanitation", "text": "JEHANABAD: Lack of sanitation facilities in the twin districts of Jehanabad and Arwal is one of the main factors affecting the quality of life of the people. According to a conservative estimate, hardly 30% of the rural populations in Jehanabad and Arwal have access to sanitation facilities.Inadequacy of pure drinking water, improper disposal of human excreta, solid and liquid wastes leading to unfavourable environmental condition are stated to be the major causes of many killer diseases. Leading physician of the city Dr Girijesh Kumar, also attributes the high infant mortality in the region mainly due to poor sanitation in villages.In the countryside of Jehanabad and Arwal disrticts, one can still see lots of persons defecating in the open at dawn and dusk. Even many of those who have toilet facilities at home prefer to go outside due to sheer lack of improved hygienic practices.An octogenarian, Nageshwar Prasad Singh of Kosdihra village says that the problem of rural sanitation has been further aggravated due to fast disruption of joint families and rapidly increasing population. Lack of privacy in toilet facilities is a serious problem for the womenfolk, old, infirm and children in villages, he added.Public defecation in the open is also one of the main causes of filth and disease in villages. This results in the pollution of food and water which is detrimental to public health. For the success of rural sanitation, it is necessary to create public awareness and educate the rural folk for the beneficial use of low cost latrines or night soil linked bio-gas plants both from the point of sanitation and generation of power. Dinesh Prasad, an activist of Jehanabad Gyan Vigyan Samiti, emphasized the need for better coordination among the government, implementing agencies and the grass roots NGOs for the success of the community -led Total Sanitation Programme in the rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342952", "title": "HC admits Nooriya's bail appeal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday admitted an appeal filed by US national and Colaba resident Nooriya Haveliwala, who had challenged the five-year prison term awarded to her for killing two men, including a policeman, in a drunken state in January 2010.Justice Abhay Thipsay has scheduled the bail application filed by Nooriya for hearing on December 3.Nooriya lost control of her SUV at Marine Lines on the intervening night of January 29-30, 2010. Her car rammed into a passing taxi that hurtled into police sub-inspector, Dinanath Shinde, and a biker, Afzal Ibrahim, killing them. Four constables were also injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347104", "title": "Naked Lady Gaga finds 35 fans hiding in garage", "text": "Lady Gaga, who woke up and wandered into her kitchen for a late night Thanksgiving snack with no clothes on, was shocked to find that a group of fans had broken into her property and were hiding in the garage.The singer is currently touring in Peru and staying in a rented accommodation with some friends and family that she flew out for Thanksgiving.\"I had a wonderful Thanksgiving in Peru this year. My family was able to come and was so special to share the holiday with new friends in Peru,\" the New York Post quoted her as tweeting.However, the 26-year-old singer found herself with many more Thanksgiving guests when she saw the intruders on a CCTV monitor, the paper said.\"Thanksgiving story: Woke up for leftovers in kitchen (naked) - stumbled on security camera revealing 35 monsters in my garage #why #iloveu,\" she wrote on Twitter.Gaga has laughed off the incident and said that she even tried to feed her new fans.\"I should be mad i guess except i tried to figure out how to slide stuffing under the door, but theres no cat-flap,\" she wrote. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17346595", "title": "Son will be tough to handle: Alicia Keys", "text": "Singer Alicia Keys says her son Egypt already loves limelight and will be difficult to handle when he grows up.Alicia's two-year-old son with husband Swizz Beatz has started singing his rhymes already.\"He's definitely going to be a pain in the a**! I don't know where he gets it from but he's a little boy on fire. Egypt loves to sing and perform already,\" thesun.co.uk quoted her as saying.\"He sings 'Twinkle twinkle little star' which is the cutest thing as he only knows half the words,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344646", "title": "Burglars strike at another temple in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yet another temple was targeted by burglars and cash from the hundi was stolen at Alwal on Friday.Alwal police said that the Hunuman temple in Citizen colony is located in an open space. The hundi kept inside the temple was found open with the cash missing by temple authorities. The authorities said that the hundi must have had atleast Rs 1,000 . Police said that the lock was broken and they suspect the hand of some locals behind the incident. A few locals were questioned and investigation is under progress.On Thursday too, a theft took place in two different temples at Medchal and Amberpet and two tolas of gold and Rs 4,000 cash was stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "even today, when she returns home late, she has to tell her mom. flouting rules in the dubey household is not taken too kindly. lilette, like all mommies on this planet, still asks the obvious questions. 'she is plain curious,' says ira. and lilette? 'i'm fussy, picky and can even be irritating,' she admits. before coming to kolkata with their play, 'adhe adhure', the mother-daughter duo tells us why they are incomplete without one another. excerpts", "code": "17346937", "title": "I was mom\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s pooch: Ira Dubey", "text": "Even today, when she returns home late, she has to tell her mom. Flouting rules in the Dubey household is not taken too kindly. Lilette, like all mommies on this planet, still asks the obvious questions. 'She is plain curious,' says Ira. And Lilette? 'I'm fussy, picky and can even be irritating,' she admits. Before coming to Kolkata with their play, 'Adhe Adhure', the mother-daughter duo tells us why they are incomplete without one another. Excerpts:Was Ira a naughty kid?  Lilette : God, she has grown up so much that I can't even remember! Ira was a quiet child and a volatile youngster. She has two siblings. My sister, Lushin, is married to my husband's brother, so it's one big family. Neha and her cousin would sometimes boss her around. As a child, she would, at times, fight for time and attention. Both my daughters are independentminded, they think for themselves.Ira : I wasn't naughty but I grew up to be a naughty adolescent. Also, I was my mother's pooch. I would obey her blindly. With my sisters, it was different. I was a subordinate even when we would play Doctor-Doctor. I couldn't put my foot down, so in my teenage, I kind of rebelled.Would Ira get scolded for small mistakes? L: I don't believe in physical retribution. I've been brought up that way. So, I have never slapped my children. But, of course, if they did something wrong, I would scold them.I: Scolding is such a difficult word! My father's quite a softy with us, while mom is a strict disciplinarian. My father would never lose his cool, if ever he does, it's for something big. Mom, on the other hand, has her set rules. If I didn't abide by those, then toh I would have it! Neha is quite a home buddy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d she doesn't drink, she doesn't party. She would be spared mostly. Mom would often scold me about deadlines. But then, it's necessary. I left for the US at 17 to study and that was a reality check for me. Both our parents would let us go, allow us to make mistakes. There's a fine line between being reprimanding and giving us a free rein. Both mom and dad would walk the tightrope.Is Lilette a strict or a lenient mother? L: Neither am I lenient-lenient, nor do I indulge them. All I wanted in them is a sense of integrity, honesty, compassion to people. At times, I've told them, 'Where have you gone? With whom?' You need to define certain rules, otherwise the child is also lost. Touchwood, I still continue to share a great relationship with my girls. Between childhood, adulthood and beyond, a child needs to share a lot with his parents. Parents are just guides, they help you navigate the obstacles. At the same time, I didn't want to make them dependent on me.I: When I'm flouting deadlines, she would often ask me, 'Who are you with? When are you coming home?' Basically, she doesn't want to know who I'm hanging out with but when and how I'll return. As a teenager, it would embarrass me. I would be like, 'Mom, how can you set a deadline?' Even today, when lights are off and she is in her room, I have to tell her, 'Mom, I'm home'. She is wide awake till I'm back.For Neha and Ira, is it sibling rivalry or revelry? L: I didn't have any rivalry with my sister and it's the same between Neha and Ira. Neha is almost three years older than Ira, her friends have been different. At times I know the elder one would bully Ira, but that's how it is.I: Though Neha and I belong to the same space, the environment at home is one of sharing and caring. That's partially because we come from an academic background. My dada, a civil engineer, also wrote novels. My dadi continues to write novels in Hindi. While my nana is a scholar, engineer, scientist, my nani is a doctor. My father, who is a corporate, has one foot in theatre. Neha, who started off with acting and is now a psychoanalyst, is still into theatre. Mom and I are into both films and theatre. We children were very driven. As kids, we were encouraged to take up Indian classical music. And Neha would say, 'I can't hold a note, how can you do this?' Despite the fact that I have a better voice, mom would tell her, 'Neha, you can sing'. As kids, we would learn piano, do our own things. Theatre too was an area of interest. I had, in fact, worked for a marketing company for 11 months. Then, I was offered the film, The President Is Coming. Between the job and the film, I chose the latter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17343558", "title": "Margao locals raise a stink", "text": "MARGAO: Shop owners on the busy Isidore Baptista Road behind Grace Church, Margao, were left agitated after sewerage waste from a faulty septic tank was found leaking onto the main road and in front of their shops causing a stink and nuisance to the public on Friday.The shop owners were further upset that the authorities had failed to pay any heed to complaints filed with the Margao municipal council (MMC) and the Margao urban health centre (UHC) on November 8 and said that the stench was getting worse.\"I met MMC chief officer Srinet Kotwale who was kind enough to immediately instruct the MMC sanitary inspector but more than 15 days have passed since then,\" said Jaldish Gaad, proprietor of Goa Auto Parts distributor whose office has been the first to be affected by the leaking septic tank.\"We complained that the soak pit of Radha Enclave C block on Isidore Bapitsta road is overflowing which is very dangerous to the health of citizens residing/working in the said area and also the general public who are,\" added Gaad.While MMC officials stated that they were aware of the problem and were looking into the matter, the shop owners have demanded a proper site inspection and that immediate action be taken against those found responsible for causing the health hazard.They have also decided to take up the matter with urban development minister Francisco D'Souza if the matter is not solved quickly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17343297", "title": "Documentary soon on Polish refugees in Jamnagar", "text": "PANAJI: A documentary will soon be made on refugee children from Poland who were given accommodation at Jamnagar in Gujarat during the World War II , by the then prince of the region.Bogdan Zdrojewski, the Polish minister of culture, told TOI that he had signed an agreement with Anu Radha, the Indian co-producer of the documentary at the film bazar organized by the National film development corporation (NFDC), as part of the International film festival of India (IFFI), on Friday.He said the one-hour documentary would be released next year. \"We also intend to make a feature film on the plight of refugee children later.''According to reports, about 1000 children, mostly orphans and some who had got separated from their parents in the aftermath of the war, had come to Jamnagar through Siberia. There were also some women with them.Digvijaysinhji, the maharaja of the area, took personal risks to make arrangements at a time when the world was at war, and when the exhausted refugees were denied entry at all ports. He had built a camp for them in a place called Balachadi, beside his summer palace, 25 km from his capital, Jamnagar, and made them feel at home. The Jam Saheb's gesture is said to have paved the way for thousands of Polish refugees to be received in other parts of the world, including some other places in India.The refugees went home after the War, and there is renewed interest in the story in Poland.He said the formal shooting of the film would begin at Jamnagar on Saturday when one of the War survivors from Warsaw would fly down to Jamnagar for participating in the film. \"Some part of the film had been already shot when I had gone to Poland in July this year for research on the project,\" he said.The Polish minister said that four Indo-Polish film co- productions were in the pipeline. Poland and India have signed a agreement to expand ties in cultural fields. There would be collaborations in other fields like music and theatre as well, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343894", "title": "Bankers to discuss strategies for next decade", "text": "PUNE: Union finance minister P Chidambaram will inaugurate on Saturday Bancon 2012, the two-day annual banking industry conference which has 'Innovating to unlock the next decade' as its theme.The conference, taking place for the first time in the city, will be a gathering of who's who of Indian banking sector as chairmen, executive directors and top notch managers of all public sector banks and many private sector banks will congregate to debate strategies to remain competitive in the coming decade, which is set to witness sweeping changes in the banking sector led by changing customer aspirations.During the inaugural function, the finance minister will release a special report by business consultancy firm McKinsey. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will also address the conference on Saturday.Narendra Singh, chairman of city-headquartered Bank of Maharashtra which is the host of the conference, told reporters, \"As India witnesses rapid economic growth, banking sector is also bound to see explosive growth. India is also a land of opportunities since a vast section of the population is yet to be covered by financial services. The government-professed inclusive growth and financial inclusion also provide us with massive opportunities for growth.\"Indian Banks Association chief executive officer K Ramakrishnan said the banks in the next decade will have to tackle the challenges such as dilution of customer loyalty, customer's preference to service quality over service pricing and rising rural affluence.The conference will include sessions on innovation in which senior bankers as well as heads of major corporate houses will participate. There will also be sessions on 'Profitably capturing rural financial services opportunity', 'Leveraging capital as source of competitive advantage', 'Defining the next frontier in wholesale banking', and a special address by Reserve Bank of India deputy governor Subir Gokarn on 'India's gold import problem: Finding solutions through financial products'.There will be a special session by Art of Living founder Sri Sri Ravishankar on the second day of the conference. Bancon 2012 will end with a valedictory address by Union minister of state for finance Namo Narayan Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17344384", "title": "Emerging Kerala: List of cleared projects by December", "text": "KOCHI: The state government will come out with the list of Emerging Kerala projects that got clearance in December, said P K Kunhalikutty, minister for industries and IT, on Friday.\"The list will contain only those proposals which are non-polluting and do not harm our environment,\" he said while delivering the inaugural speech at Inkel Ltd's Standard Design Modules (SDM) facility at Angamaly.Kunhalikutty also said the government will explore all avenues, including the PPP mode, to create more infrastructure facilities for non-polluting industries. \"Even though Inkel was formed during the last ministry, we will give all support to the innovative ideas put forward by Inkel,\" he said.SDM Angamaly holds 2 lakh square ft of space on five floors, with individual modules of 5,000 square ft each. Thirty-nine modules are available for entrepreneurs on lease or rent. Inkel is trying to attract projects in electronics, avionics, apparels, light engineering, printing and publishing, warehousing and logistics, IT and banking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17345887", "title": "Missing boy found dead, step-father held", "text": "BHOPAL: A 10-year-old boy who had been missing from the night of October 21, was found dead in Motia Talab here on Friday. The police said deceased Toheed was a resident of Janata Nagar in Karond.He was allegedly thrown in the lake by her mother's second husband Junaid. He has been taken into custody.The deceased lived with his mother Afsha Khan and elder brother Taufiq.His mother had separated from his father Mufeeq Khan in 2009 and got married to another man Junaid. However, after sometime, the woman had separated from his second husband as well, the police said.Deceased's mother Afsha reportedly told the police that her second husband Junaid took her again and she left her two sons with her mother.However, Junaid had a fight with Afsha on October 21 and he came back to her mother's place and took her two sons Toheed and Toufiq saying that Afsha was calling them.However, Toufiq returned later, but Toheed was missing. The deceased was found dead in Motia Talab in the morning after which police rounded up Junaid. The accused later reportedly told police that he had thrown the boy into the pond. The exact reason of death would be clear after the post-mortem report, but the accused has been booked on charges of murder, said CSP Rashmi Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17344359", "title": "Baselios Cleemis to be ordained cardinal today", "text": "KOCHI: On Saturday at 3.30 pm, Kerala's Baselios Cleemis Thottunkal will be bestowed with the scarlet biretta and the ring by Pope Benedict XVI to become the youngest cardinal of the Catholic Church.He will be ordained the cardinal, the first from Syro-Malankara Catholic Church and the fifth from Kerala, in a public consistory to be held at St Peter's Basilica.Baselios Cleemis will also be allocated the title of diaconate at the ceremony, which will be attended by all members of the College of Cardinals. At 3 pm, he and other five princes of the church will assemble at Chapel of St Sebastian in the Vatican Basilica before joining the Pope.Angelo Sodano , the dean of the College of Cardinals, will introduce the new cardinals prior to the simple ceremony. \"There will be a reception to all cardinals on Saturday, and the pope will celebrate a mass with them at the Basilica on Sunday,\" said Fr William Nellickal of Vatican Radio. \"All the new cardinals are non-Europeans, unlike in February when 16 of the total 22 were Europeans,\" he said.With the six added to the College of Cardinals, Pope Benedict has raised the number of cardinals eligible to vote for a new pope to 122. And the percentage of Asian electors will go up from 7 to 9%. Aged 53, Baselios Cleemis will be the youngest among the 211 cardinals. A team of religious and political leaders from the state has gone to Vatican to attend the consistory.The delegation includes Santhigiri ashram head Swami Gururatnam Jnanathapaswi, Palayam Imam Jamaludheen Mankada, Latin church's archbishop Soosa Pakiam, CSI bishop Dharmaraj Rasalam, Mar Thoma Church bishop Joseph Mar Barnabas, Knanaya church archbishop from USA Ayoob Mar Philixinos, Palod Ravi MLA and Thiruvananthapuram mayor K Chandrika .The union government delegation, led by P J Kurian MP, consists of Union minister K C Vengopal, E T Mohammed Basheer MP and KPCC secretary Johnson Abraham.Baselios Cleemis will return to Kerala on November 30 after the ceremonies in Rome , church spokesperson Fr Koshy Chirakkarot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346705", "title": "Garbage left to rot in open at Punjab Agricultural Univeristy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Irresponsibility is the last thing one would expect from an institution of the stature of Punjab Agricultural University. But where the waste disposal system is concerned, the varsity has thrown caution and regard for scientific principles to the wind and dumped garbage in an open space near fields of rice, grapes and kinnow.The act does not go unnoticed, especially among students in front of whom the varsity should be setting an example. Manjeet Singh of the College of Agriculture said, \"I have been seeing this garbage dump for a long time. It contains plastic bags and even laboratory residue. The garbage dump has become a breeding ground for mosquitoes. Stray dogs also keep roaming around in the filth.\"Scientists and professors feel this does not reflect well on the university. \"It is sad that garbage is being dumped in the open. This will not bring a good name to this institution which is known across the world for its research,\" a professor who was not willing to be named, said.Besides public health, the dump has also jeopardized the aesthetics of the university. What should have been the pleasing sight of luxurious fields brimming with fertility is now a place rendered formidable by the ever present stench of rotting garbage. \"Sometimes we have to go that side. But the smell of the garbage dump is nauseating. It is a potential health hazard for students. We want authorities to remove the dump and look for some scientific method of garbage disposal,\" Sarabjeet Kaur, a student, asserted.Meanwhile, university vice-chancellor Baldev Singh Dhillon expressed his ignorance about the dump but reiterated his conviction that garbage should be scientifically disposed of. \"I am not aware of this garbage dump, I will have to check. However, I do feel that garbage should be scientifically dumped. I will direct the department concerned to look into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342561", "title": "Woman alleges sexual abuse by step-dad, uncle", "text": "CHENNAI: After being tossed from one horror to another, a 22-year-old woman on Friday approached Chennai city police commissioner S George complaining that her foster father and an uncle had sexually abused her.Kalai (name changed) on Friday told the commissioner that her foster father had been abusing her at their home in Chindaripet for more than five years. When she took refuge at an aunt's place, the uncle turned out to be another tormentor. Now she wants to trace her biological parents who deserted her as a child.In her complaint, Kalai of Kodambakkam alleged that she was adopted by a couple, Vinayagam and Kalliammal, when she was a child. When she was 12 years old, her foster mother eloped with a car driver, and took her along. He started sexually abusing her when she was 17 and told his sons that Kalai was their stepmother.When she told Kalliammal about what had been happening, she chided Kalai. \"I had lodged a complaint at the Chindaripet police station, but no action was taken. My foster father continued to abuse me,\" Kalai said. Vinayagam, who was her only support, died two months ago and the family took away 70,000 which Vinayagam had left for her, she said.\"According to the complaint, the entire family turned against her and started spreading rumours that she had an affair with the man of the house,\" a police officer said. Later she left home and stayed at one of her aunt's house, where her husband sexually abused her. Kalai then moved into a ladies hostel before approaching police.Kalai passed Class 12 with 1,172 marks. \"I could not take up higher studies because of the trauma. Now my dreams of becoming an engineer are shattered,\" she said. Police sources said the complaint has been forwarded to the deputy commissioner of police, T Nagar, and that a case will be registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342578", "title": "Forced to marry, Tamil Nadu kids dial for assistance", "text": "CHENNAI: The state is doing little to stop parents from forcing their children into marriage, failing to address a problem that is much more serious and widespread than previously believed.Desperate, and with no one to help them, as many as 284 children from across the state called the Childline India Foundation (1098) between April and September this year, saying they were being forced to marry against their will.Child rights activists and sociologists say the figure represents a small fraction of the actual instances of minors compelled to marry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d most often girls to older men.Officials of Childline, an NGO adopted by the Union government, said 89 children in Trichy had complained that they were being forced into marriage in the six-month period, the most among any of the state's 32 districts. Several children from Dharmapuri (40), Salem (33), Tiruvannamalai (23) and Tirunelveli (15) also called to ask Childline officials to help stop their marriages. Four calls were from Chennai.The state's social welfare department, on its part, claims it has officials who intervene and stop families from marrying off minors.A department policy note for 2012-2013 says that the \"district social welfare officer is appointed as child marriage prohibition officer to effectively implement\" the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act, 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17343814", "title": "Visvesvaraya Technological University vetoes extra exams, sticks to carry over", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are a VTU student, be ready to repeat your semesters in case you flunk. This, as the majority of the college heads agreed upon maintaining the status quo at the round table discussion on VTU's carry over system on Friday evening.At the discussion held at FKCCI, officials from the Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) along with the college principals discussed the pros and cons of the carry over system and 90% of the attendees said that the system is in favour of students and the varsity. \"Since the majority is in favour of the present scheme, we will maintain the status quo,\" said Dr HG Shekarappa, registrar (evaluation), VTU.Officials said that extra exams will add to the burden of the administration. \"The carry over system should continue as it is. Supplementary examinations will add to administrative complexities. So the present scheme suits both the varsity and the students. We are talking about professional courses and the candidates who will sit in the industry. The quality should not be compromised,\" said M Shantakumar, principal, Maharaja Institute of Technology.VTU's rulesA candidate seeking eligibility to III semester should not have failed in more than four subjects of I and II semester taken together.A candidate seeking eligibility to V semester should have passed in all the subjects of I and II semester and should not have failed in more than four subjects of III and IV semesters taken together.A candidate seeking eligibility to VII semester should have passed in all the subjects of III and IV semesters and should not have failed in more than four subjects of V and VI semesters taken together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343808", "title": "Hostellers injure MA student in Lucknow University", "text": "LUCKNOW: A student of MA first year was beaten up by two juniors on Friday evening in Lucknow University.Atul Singh was having snacks in the arts department canteen, when two hostellers who reportedly had old enmity with Atul, charged at him.The duo injured the skull of the victim and fled as he started bleeding profusely at the spot.The police were reported about the matter around 4.30 p.m. and were in the process of filing FIR against the main accused Ganesh Pratap Singh and Shatrughan Yadav, the accomplice in the act.The university authorities said that Ganesh will be suspended, while notice will be issued against Shatrughan.The two are pursuing BA third year and are inmates of Acharya Narendra Dev hostel. Injured Atul was rushed to Neera Nursing Home by college authorities, who also complained to the police about the incident. \"We will take stern action against the accused and have asked the police to press stringent charges against them,\" said Pawan Agarwal, proctor of the university. The police said that election related enmity between the students cannot be ruled out completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17347272", "title": "Programme on radio surgery", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi unit of Indian Medical Association is going to organise a continuing medical education programme on radio surgery on SaturdayAccording to IMA secretary Dr Alok C Bhardwaj, radio surgery is the technique of using precisely delivered radiation, typically a high dose that will kill the tumor cells in 1-5 sessions. Cyber knife is the most recent and advanced system with robotic precision for brain and spine radio surgery. The advantages include totally non-invasive nature of treatment, as there is no need for a frame to be applied to the patient's head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17342160", "title": "Collector\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s order cutting village chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s powers stayed", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tiruvallur collector's order cancelling the cheque-signing powers of a woman panchayat president, has been stayed by the Madras high court.Justice V Dhanapalan, stayed the order of the Tiruvallur collector, after I Paranthaman, counsel for Thiruvalangadu panchayat head A Amutha, submitted that the impugned order had been passed without issuing a showcause notice to her.\"No notice whatsoever was issued to me before the collector invoked the provisions of Section 203 of the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994 cancelling my cheque-signing powers... My civil and statutory right cannot be taken away without recourse to the principles of natural justice,\" Amutha said in her plea.The November 6 orders cancelling cheque-signing powers, besides initiating the removal proceedings, were initiated on the ground that records for the financial year 2012-13 were not maintained properly.Citing various court rulings that a panchayat chief could not be divested of his/her cheque-signing powers, I Paranthaman said it was an emergency power available with the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17342648", "title": "Aruna Roy slams state 'repression'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing her support for the Mumbai girls who were arrested for protesting against a city bandh on Facebook, MKSS' Aruna Roy on Friday said that state repression had become more \"audacious\" in recent times.\"The freedom to dissent whether through poetry, ideas or painting is a right and it is being crushed by governments using rule of law. The state has become more audacious in recent times. People have always been threatened, injured and killed for standing up against the repression but now it is almost as if the state is challenging us to raise our voice. If citizens do not protest in one voice it will be very dangerous because soon we will all be targeted,\" Roy said.She was referring to the two Mumbai girls who were arrested for protesting against a city bandh on Facebook after Shiv Sena supremeo Bal Thackeray's death and other instances where human rights activists had been jailed, threatened and beaten.Responding to a question, Roy said that she saw a direct link in the government's reform agenda and the increase in repression when people have protested against the government's idea of \"development\".These and other issues will be discussed in a five-day \"jan sansad\" at Jantar Mantar here, where 500 people from over 150 organizations will participate. The sansad will be held from November 26 to 30. Civil society groups will also press for enactment of pending legislation including grievance redress, whistleblower's Act, right to food and Lokpal Bill.The activists also plan to begin a countdown to 2014 polls demanding that political parties include developmental issues in their manifestos.The rainbow coalition is expected to tackle issues related to governance including RTI, administrative and police reform, state responsibility for social security and basic services like health, education and cash transfers, food, mining policy and land reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17342753", "title": "Chevrolet Knights manage to defend low total against Chevrolet Warriors", "text": "MUMBAI: Johannes van der Wath and Ryan McLaren claimed seven wickets between them to help the Chevrolet Knights to an amazing 59-run victory over the Chevrolet Warriors in an incredible Momentum One-Day Cup clash at Axxess St George's on Friday.Veteran Van der Wath snared four for 26 in nine overs on a surface that aided the bowlers, while captain McLaren bagged three for 11 in eight, including three maidens, to leave the hosts all out in 20.3 overs for a woeful 46, the second lowest total in the competition's history.The Eastern Cape franchise was only chasing 106 to win after a poor batting display from the Chevrolet Knights saw the visitors bowled out in just 32.3 overs.Makhaya Ntini was the stand-out performer earlier when he snatched three for 20 in 10 overs. He was one of three players to take three wickets, the other two being Andrew Birch (3-31), who did the early damage, and Ayabulela Gqamane (3-16), who helped wrap up the tail.It was a second successive batting flop for the Chevrolet Knights - they were rolled over for just 94 in 34.1 overs against the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras five days ago. The only player to show any sign of application was debutant wicketkeeper Rudi Second, who made 38 opening the batting and was last man out.After winning the toss and batting first, the visitors were pegged back by a double Birch blow that took out Michael Erlank (0) and Rilee Rossouw (20). Werner Coetzee (four) and Obus Pienaar (one) were then trapped leg before wicket by Ntini leaving the Chevrolet Knights on 32 for four.Second and McLaren (20) provided the highest stand of the innings - their 27-run effort taking their team past 50.Once that was broken, though, Aubrey Swanepoel (0), Nicky Boje (10), Johannes van der Wath (two) and Shadley van Schalkwyk (one) provided little resistance as Gqamane ran through the tail with the Central Franchise all out for a paltry 105.The home team's response turned out to be even worse as the Chevrolet Warriors were left embarrassed in front of their home fans.Despite losing Ashwell Prince (two) to Van der Wath early, their start was decent enough as Jon-Jon Smuts (10) and Colin Ingram (12) took them to 26 for one in the 12th over.But it all fell apart from there, with the two set batsmen along with Colin Ackermann, Parnell (both ducks) and captain Davy Jacobs (one) falling for the addition of one run - Van der Wath claiming three of those scalps in his sixth over.Craig Thyssen (11) tried to adopt an aggressive approach, but was bowled by Boje (1-7) either side of the Chevrolet Warriors losing Gqamane (0) and Basheer Walters (eight), before Ntini (0) was last man out when he fell to Siboto.Teams:Chevrolet Warriors: Davy Jacobs (captain &amp; wicket-keeper), Ashwell Prince, Jon-Jon Smuts, Colin Ingram, Colin Ackermann, Craig Thyssen, Wayne Parnell, Andrew Birch, Ayabulela Gqamane, Makhaya Ntini, Basheer Walters.Chevrolet Knights: Rudi Second (wicket-keeper), Michael Erlank, Rilee Rossouw, Werner Coetzee, Obus Pienaar, Ryan McLaren (captain), Nicky Boje, Aubrey Swanepoel, Johannes van der Wath, Shadley van Schalkwyk, Malusi Siboto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17341069", "title": "India tests missile shield, DRDO says it will be operational by 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: There were some big fireworks over the Bay of Bengal on Friday afternoon when India tested its experimental ballistic missile defence (BMD) system to intercept two \"incoming hostile\" missiles with interceptor missiles.Elated with the \"bang-on accurate\" test, the seventh time the BMD system has been tested successfully over the last six years, the Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) promptly declared a missile shield could be deployed for New Delhi by 2014.\"We are now ready to convert the BMD system from an experimental to an operational one that can be deployed on demand. I am confident we can deploy the Phase-I of the BMD system by 2014,\" said DRDO chief V K Saraswat, speaking to TOI from the Wheeler Island test range off Odisha coast.But the reality check is that even American missile defence systems like Patriot Advanced Capability-3, Aegis BMD-3 and THAAD (terminal high-altitude area defence), as also Russian and Israeli ones, are not fully foolproof as of now.In Friday's test, only one of the incoming missiles was real: a modified Prithvi missile mimicking M-9/M-11 class of Chinese Dong Feng short-range ballistic missiles. The other was an electronically simulated missile of a longer range of 1,500km.Both \"enemy\" missile launches were, however, conducted \"in the same window\" to test the BMD system's capability to handle \"multiple threats\" simultaneously. \"This has been done only by the two superpowers (US and Russia ) till now. The real missile was destroyed at an altitude of 14.7-km by the interceptor missile with a direct hit,\" said Saraswat.The electronic missile was intercepted at an altitude of 120km. Both the missiles were picked up and tracked by long-range and multi-function radars, which in turn passed the data to guidance and launch computers of the interceptors to \"kill\" them. \"The entire test was done practically in deployment configuration,\" he said.While it remains to be seen whether DRDO can indeed deploy an effective missile shield by 2014, it has also begun work on adding a third tier to the BMD system. The existing two-tier system is designed to track and destroy ballistic missiles both inside (endo) and outside (exo) the earth's atmosphere.The third layer is planned to tackle low-flying cruise missiles, artillery projectiles and rockets in the line with the overall aim to achieve \"near 100% kill or interception probability\".\"Look what is happening in the Middle-East (Hamas firing rockets at Israeli cities before the recent ceasefire)...hence, protection against low-cost, very close range threats is also needed. We have begun some initial work on the third-tier. We will try to integrate it with the BMD system once it fructifies,\" said Saraswat.At present, Phase-I of the BMD system, with interceptors flying at 4.5 Mach high-supersonic speeds to intercept enemy missiles, is meant to tackle hostile missiles with a 2,000-km strike range.As per DRDO's plans, Phase-II will be geared for taking on 5,000-km range missiles, virtually in the class of ICBMs (intercontinental ballistic missiles), with interceptors at hypersonic speeds of 6-7 Mach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17347148", "title": "Tom Cruise not filing charges against Oz model", "text": "Tom Cruise has decided to let the drunken Australian model, who broke into the actor's Beverly Hills mansion last month, go free, as he feels there was no \"malicious intent.\"According to documents, the Los Angeles County District Attorney spoke with the ' Mission Impossible ' star, who informed the officials that he did not wish to press charges over the incident, as he realized it was a drunken mistake, TMZ.com reported.Jason Sullivan was tased after he scaled a wall and wandered onto the 50-year-old actor's property, the website reported.Sullivan had been staying at the home next to Cruise's residence and has been telling friends he simply mistook Casa de Cruise for his house in a drunken stupor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17346481", "title": "Bus stand murder case: Main accused held from Porbandar", "text": "INDORE: The main accused in the bus operator murder incident, which took place five months ago, has been arrested by the police. The accused was carrying a reward of Rs 10,000 on his head, and was hiding at Porbandar in Gujarat under fake identity.Superintendent of Police (SP), head quarter, Dr Ashish told reporters the accused Rakesh Lal involved in the murder of Manoj Sonkar at Sarvate bus stand was arrested from Porbandar.After killing Manoj, the accused reportedly escaped to Porbandar where he changed his get-up and name as well. He began working at boats there, said police adding that he reportedly called his wife Sapna there. He used the phone to call his wife. Following the call detail traced to Porbandar, crime branch police arrested him from there.Earlier, a 25-year-old bus operator Manoj Sonkar was allegedly shot dead by two unidentified mobike-borne assailants at the Sarvate bus stand in June.The deceased, son of Kishanlal Sonkar, was resident of Luniapura in the city. The firing on the deceased was recorded in the camera installed in the bus stand premises and police later received the CCTV footage of the incident also. The murder incident took place at around 9 am when Manoj was coming out of a temple close to the bus stand after offering prayers.It is believed that a fight had taken place between Manoj and Rakesh a few days before the incident and hence Rakesh planned to kill Manoj.After the incident, the victim's family members had accused Madhav, Rakesh, Nirmal and Bharat of the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17342888", "title": "Rape victim seeks removal of web clips", "text": "ALWAR: A young girl is running from pillar to post here for the past few months to get some mobile video clips removed from internet. The video clips showed her in a compromising position.The girl had lodged a complaint with the police and the National Women Commission recently alleging that she was sexually exploited by a man who also blackmailed her on the basis of some video clips taken from a mobile phone. She claimed that some people who have political connections in the area uploaded the clips on the internet and now they are being accessed and watched by people across the town.In her statement lodged before a magistrate, the girl alleged that she had come in contact with one Babulal Meena while pursuing a nursing course from Bharatpur in 2007. She said during her course, she was being harassed by her landlord, whose room she had taken on rent. Later, she came in contact with Babulal who used to work as a photographer. Babulal gradually became friendly and taking advantage of the friendship, he raped her at knife point in March 2008 at an inn. The photographer allegedly took clips of the act on a mobile phone and started sexually exploiting her on a regular basis by threatening her to make the clips public if she didn't comply.The girl also said in her statement that after she started working at a private hospital, Babulal took money from her. He even demanded Rs 50,000 from her. The girl further claimed that some local politicians were also threatening her acting in connivance with Babulal. She alleged that these people uploaded the clips on the internet.After her complaint with the National Women Commission, chairperson Mamta Sharma visited Alwar on Monday and met the victim. Sharma demanded that the video clips be recovered from the accused and arrest them immediately.Mohan Lal Sharma, SHO, woman police station, Alwar said the victim lodged an FIR in connection with the case last week.\"Babulal Meena has been arrested. We are carrying out raids in search of the other accused people. They are on the run. We are also trying to search on which websites these video clips have been uploaded. We will try to get them removed,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17344771", "title": "No Dharmana prosecution: Govt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three months after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sought permission to prosecute Minister Dharmana Prasada Rao in connection with the controversial Vanpic project, the state cabinet on Friday refused permission, which the government said had the nod of Congress high command.Chief Minister Kiran Kumar Reddy presided over the marathon meeting and placed the case in front of the entire cabinet, which according to sources was unanimously rejected, barring one minister.Health minister DL Ravindra Reddy strongly opposed saying the matter should be dealt by the chief minister himself, and making the cabinet party to a controversial decision on corruption case was not right.But Reddy did not get any support from his colleagues and pachayat raj minister Jana Reddy was quick to persuade him not to oppose the decision which had the backing of all ministers.The chief minister also explained to the cabinet that the party high command was in favour of refusing the CBI request, which some political commentators said was to prevent more embarrassment for the ruling-Congress party during intense CBI grilling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343082", "title": "First day, no show", "text": "NEW DELHI: Open Forum was introduced at the International Film Festival of India (Iffi) last year and opened at the 43rd festival on Friday. It allows delegates to interact about the festival and films with chosen representatives of the film fraternity and the festival organizers. But the forum set up in the Inox Courtyard failed to get delegates talking. The reason was simple - hungry delegates. At 1.30pm and after much activity in the first half of the day at the festival, the first thing delegates preferred to do was buy a meal at the nearest stall. Iffi director Shankar Mohan could not get delegates talking as they pulled chairs for Open Forum to enjoy a much-needed meal.Scream: A screaming delegate made for a popular side-show at Iffi on Friday afternoon when he was refused entry for a screening, despite holding a ticket, as he turned up late. According to a new system, delegates have to report 15 minutes before the show timing, empty seats are then allotted to those queued up without tickets so film lovers make optimum of the screenings. But one delegate, who could not make it on time for the screening, refused to understand the reasoning behind the system and decided that he would make himself heard at any cost. The screaming delegate attracted everyone within 2 km radius at the ESG complex.Bags &amp; Baggage: The khadi bags that come each year with the delegate kits and had been missing so far finally arrived on Friday. Delegates were pleased as punch and lined up to collect the bags that are meant to carry the booklets with synopsis of festival films and screening schedules and other Iffi details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17343984", "title": "Forensic Science Laboratory: Short of staff, long list of pending cases", "text": "PATNA: Bihar police are stressing on scientific investigation into the cases for their speedy trial but lack of sufficient staff at the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Patna is hampering the cause and increasing the number of pending investigations.According to an FSL senior official, the existing staff strength is only 50% of the required strength to function properly. Apart from the staff crunch, public ignorance about forensic test requirements in a criminal case also misleads the FSL scientists.The FSL, Patna receives hundreds of cases related to ballistics, fingerprints, cybercrime and murder. Following the order of Bihar DGP Abhayanand, the FSL can voluntarily take up any case and probe into it. So, the number of investigations has automatically increased.Director of FSL, Patna, Umesh Kumar Sinha said, \"We have around 100 experts. We have sent our requisition for the posts of scientists, assistant technicians and laboratory assistants. A regional forensic laboratory at Muzaffarpur is already functioning and another one is on the cards at Bhagalpur. We have four well-equipped mobile units and three FSL experts at Motihari, Bhagalpur, Purnia and Patna.\"He further said, \"The FSL has come a long way in the last few years and we will update further with the new tools and technologies that are necessary in solving any crime. Soon, it will also have DNA test facility that would further strengthen the lab's credentials,\" he said.However, the existing officials at Patna would conduct the DNA tests till the fresh recruitments are made. \"There are four experts who are trained to conduct DNA tests,\" he said.\"The major challenge for the FSL team is after reaching the place of occurrence (PO) to collect the samples. Common people and even the police personnel often destroy or damage the evidences. It happens several times that FSL members struggle to collect the actual evidence,\" the director said.He said, \"Of late, cops have started banking on the FSL report to conclude any investigation. But to conduct such scientific investigations, FSL authorities also train cops about how to handle a place of occurrence (PO) of a crime scene and how to collect evidence to send them to FSL in case of absence of the FSL experts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17344492", "title": "Property confiscated", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The police on Friday confiscated immovable properties of two railway employees, who have been absconding since being accused of rape. Tulsi Prasad Bodri and Y Bhaskar Prasad are among the nine accused of raping a Class XI girl near a temple close to Kharagpur's Mathurakati railway quarters. The seven other accused are in custody. tnn Police acted on a court order and went to the quarters of the two absconding railway employees and confiscated immovable property like furniture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17343697", "title": "Complete land transfer for cancer institute: Usmani", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani while presiding over a meeting for setting up a high level cancer institute has directed the concerned officers to complete as soon as possible the necessary work relating to the transfer of 50 acre land of Chak Gajaria farm to the department of medical education for setting up the cancer institute. He also directed for constitution of an advisory committee comprising medical experts for setting up the cancer institute.Training programme: A five-day refresher training programme for additional and sessions judges of UP under the 13th Finance Commission scheme, organised by the Institute of Judicial Training and Research, UP concluded on Friday. Udai Shankar Awasthi, director of the institute, while delivering the valedictory session said that the judicial officers are often found facing stress in their day-to-day working due to lack of knowledge about various laws.Meeting held: Guru Singh Sabha at its meeting held at Gurudwara Naka Hindola has expressed gratitude to the Government of Pakistan for according the status of Holy City to Nanakana Sahib, the birth place of Guru Nanak Devji, one of the most revered pilgrimage destinations for the Siklhs in India and other parts of the world. The decision came in the wake of the demand made by a delegation of Indian lawyers who had visited Pakistan to attend an international conference of lawyers convened by Supreme Court Bar Association of Pakistan.Mushaira: This year the responsibility of organising All India Mushaira in Lucknow Mahotsava has been entrusted to Fakhruddin Ali Ahmad Memorial Committee, UP. The mahotsava is beginning from November 26. This decision was taken at a meeting of the mahotsava committee held under the chairmanship of Sanjiv Mittal, commissioner, Lucknow. According to S Rizwan, secretary of the Fakhruddin Ali Ahmad Memorial Committee among the poets who have been invited include Majid Deobandi, Ibrahim Ashk, Shakeel Azmi, Saif Babar (film lyricists from Mumbai), Malkzada Jawed, Basheer Farooqui, Vijay Tiwari, Shababa Adeeb.R&D; conclave: A two-day agricultural research and development conclave for Uttar Pradesh and UP Kisan-Vigyan Sangam-2012 began at Indian Institute of Sugarcane Research on Friday. The conclave being organised under the aegis of ICAR, was inaugurated by Prof RB Lal, vice-chancellor of Sam Higginbotom Institute of Agriculture, Technology &amp; Science, Allahabad. About 500 development officials/scientists and 200 farmers from all over UP are participating in the conclave. Eminent scientists Prof AN Mukhopadhyay, SHA Abidi, IS Singh and Menhi lal will be key speakers on different topics of interest in the conclave.New office bearers: Following have been elected office bearers of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh, Lucknow. President: Haribabu Shukla, vice-president: Sangeeta Ram, secretary: Shilendra Kumar Shukla and joint secretary: Avanish Nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17343463", "title": "Centre initiates fresh consultation on National Green Tribunal chief selection", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has initiated fresh consultation with Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir on the appointment of National Green Tribunal (NGT) chairperson by seeking his views on former CJI S H Kapadia's recommendation naming sitting Supreme Court judge, Justice Swatanter Kumar, for the post.Law minister Ashwani Kumar has sent the file on appointment of the NGT chief to Justice Kabir, who took over as Chief Justice of India on September 29 on retirement of Justice Kapadia. If Justice Kabir does not concur with Justice Kapadia's recommendation, he could suggest a new name.The government thought it proper to consult Justice Kabir and take his concurrence on Justice Kumar as the sitting judge will retire from Supreme Court only on December 31, law ministry sources said.The NGT has been headless since February after Justice L S Panta resigned to become the Lokayukta of Himachal Pradesh. Justice Kapadia had recommended the name of retired SC judge R V Raveendran but he withdrew his consent for appointment as NGT chief. The government then sent a request to Justice Kapadia on April 30 to recommend a new name.Nearly four months after receiving the communication from the government, Justice Kapadia on August 14 recommended Justice Kumar's name for the post. Many in judicial circles felt that given the proximity of CJI Kapadia's retirement date to the recommendation, it could have been left to his successor Justice Kabir.Under law, the NGT chairman should be a sitting or retired SC judge. Section 6(1) of the NGT Act provides that chairperson \"shall be appointed by the central government in consultation with the Chief Justice of India\".The Centre's move to go for fresh consultation is significant since solicitor general R F Nariman had on September 26 informed a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya that the then CJI's August 14 recommendation was placed before the appointing authority on September 17 and that a notification in this regard was expected within six weeks.The NGT Act, notified on June 2, 2010, said the apex green tribunal would consist of a chairperson, 10-20 judicial members and 10-20 expert members for \"effective and expeditious disposal of cases relating to environmental protection and conservation of forest and other natural resources including enforcement of any legal right relating to environment and giving relief and compensation for damages to persons and property and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto\".On August 9, a bench of CJI Kapadia (since retired) and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar had delivered a judgment in Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sangathan, which related to relief and rehabilitation of Bhopal gas victims and the smooth running of Bhopal Memorial Trust Hospital.In this judgment, authored by Justice Kumar, a direction was issued for transfer of all environment cases pending before high courts to the NGT. Justice Kumar said, \"Keeping in view the provisions and scheme of the National Green Tribunal Act, 2010 (for short the 'NGT Act') particularly Sections 14, 29, 30 and 38(5), it can safely be concluded that environmental issues and matters covered under the NGT Act, Schedule 1 should be instituted and litigated before the NGT.\"Such approach may be necessary to avoid likelihood of conflict of orders between the high courts and the NGT. Thus, in unambiguous terms, we direct that all the matters instituted after coming into force of the NGT Act and which are covered under the provisions of the NGT Act and/or in Schedule I to the NGT Act shall stand transferred and can be instituted only before the NGT. This will help in rendering expeditious and specialized justice in the field of environment to all concerned.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17344072", "title": "BG locos on lease to Mozambique", "text": "TRICHY: The Golden Rock Workshop in Trichy has, for the first time, delivered two broad (cape) gauge locomotives to Mozambique by enhancing the horsepower and reducing the gauge distance. The unique workshop in the country that had already delivered 133 metre gauge locomotives to many countries according to the specifications of the tracks, has now acquired technical competency in the international market of rail operation exporting broad gauge (BG) locomotives.Works manager, Rajamani told TOI that though the main operation was to cater to the Indian Railways, a section at the workshop has been reserved for converting in-service locomotives for the foreign markets whose orders are obtained by Rites. It is also a tribute to the indigenous genius of the local engineers.The workshop, that is equipped to rework at least one locomotive a month, has so far exported 133 MG locomotives to Malaysia, Myanmar, Mozambique, Mali, Senegal, Tanzania , Sudan and Benin . The workshop had already supplied a number of BG locomotives to Mozambique itself in the past. But for the first time, the workshop converted two in-service BG locomotives into cape gauge by reducing the gauge width from 1676 mm to 1067 mm, explained Rajamani.Moreover, the horsepower of one locomotive had been upgraded from 2,400 to 3,100 and the other from 1,800 to 2,400. This was done by the local engineers by providing higher displacement turbo supercharger, upgraded fuel injection equipment, larger capacity air intake cooler and the microprocessor controlled excitation system, Rajamani said.The locomotives are already on its way to Chennai by road from where they will be shipped to Mozambique. It is not a sale, but leased out for a five-year period. A host of additional features, have also been incorporated to enhance the reliability of the locomotive including the upgraded brake system with all the brake valves in single panel to reduce the piping arrangement. Currently, the workshop has orders to deliver six locomotives to Myanmar and the next supply would take place during December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17344258", "title": "Dispersing Tadoba tigers to be radio collared", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17346596", "title": "Ludhiana and Jalandhar to have CNG buses", "text": "LUDHIANA: Buses in Ludhiana and Jalandhar will now run on CNG. The move came in the wake of a memorandum of understanding mayors of the two cities signed with Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) officials.Local bodies minister Bhagat Chunni Lal, said this was aimed at checking air pollution.If the experiment succeeds, he said, it would be implemented in Amritsar and other cities. The minister said GAIL would establish its depots in the two cities which would be supplied gas through pipelines", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17348013", "title": "IAF's MiG-21 Bison crashes in Gujarat, no casualties", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A n upgraded MiG-21'Bison' aircraft of the Indian Air Force crashed after taking off from Naliya Airbase in Gujarat at 11.30 am on Saturday.The pilot of the aircraft ejected safely, sources said, adding that it was on a routine training sortie.The pilot of the aircraft had experienced trouble at a height of 18000 feet and thus had ejected safely.A court of inquiry would be ordered into MiG-21 'Bison' crash sources said. Nine IAF personnel were killed in a collision between two Mi-17 helicopters during a practice for a bombing mission at Sarmat range in Jamnagar, also in Gujarat, in August.Five years ago a MiG-29 of Jamnagar Air Force station had crashed into the Gulf of Kutch .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17343866", "title": "Bollywood comes out with Guru Nanak's biopic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a first of sorts, Bollywood is preparing a biopic on the teachings of the first Sikh Guru, Guru Nanak Dev , tentatively titled, \"Nanak Shah Fakir\". Since Guru Nanak cannot be represented figuratively, his philosophy has been drawn out through the life of Bhai Mardana, the first disciple and lifelong companion of the first Sikh master.Playing Mardana is the critically acclaimed actor, Arif Zakaria, who first gained popularity with his award-winning role of a hermaphrodite in \"Darmiyaan\".Directed by Sartaj Singh Pannu, (who last directed Soch Lo), the film will be shot extensively in Chandigarh, Amritsar, Rajasthan, Leh, Ladakh and Mumbai.Guru Nanak's birth place, Talwandi, now known as Nanakana Sahib (Pakistan), has been recreated at Mullanpur, near Chandigarh, for the shoot. Busy on the set, Zakaria, who spoke exclusively to TOI, noted, \"It is exciting to learn that the Guru was a visionary and a humanist who's universal message is relevant even today, as it was free of all bigotry.\" He did not discount the fact that while preparing for the role the uncanny similarity between Sikhism and Islam unravelled for him.Calling it as one of the most \"challenging\" roles of his career, Zakaria said the portrayal of Mardana called for great genius in acting. \"Bhai Mardana had begun sounding like Guru Nanak after some years since he was his constant escort. Hence, the character must have a high degree of serenity and poise,\" pointed out Zakaria, who is practising meditation to align his inner chaos into oneness with Mardana's persona. \"The role requires stillness and radiance of demeanour, so I learnt meditation at a spiritual camp before shooting started.\"Though this is a period film tracing the history of Guru Nanak in the 16th century, it exploits modern machinery to highlight its message. Pannu, for whom this has been a dream project, is using latest computer graphics, computer generated imagery (CGI) for special effects which Zakaria describes as an attempt to \"use more than technology to tell the story\".An integral part of Mardana, the musical instrument, Rubab, features eminently in the film. \"I am learning to play the instrument. Since the Guru's philosophy was so lyrical, music is pivotal to the script,\" the actor said.Considering the universality of the Guru's beliefs, the film's release will have a national release. \"Sartaj wants the world to know what bearing Nanak's thinking has in contemporary times,\" added Zakaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17343914", "title": "DGP seeks recruitment of 66,000 police personnel", "text": "PUNE: The home department recently received a proposal from the director general of police for recruitment of 66,000 police personnel, home minister R R Patil said here on Friday.\"We will soon table the proposal before the cabinet for discussion and also for making financial provisions.\" Patil said. \"Besides this, recruitment to 18,000 posts will start soon,\" he added.Patil was speaking on the sidelines of the closing ceremony of the 10th Maharashtra police duty meet 2011 at state reserve police force ground in Ramtekdi.Asked about the shortage of manpower in the city police, Patil said, \"We have recruited 55,000 policemen in the last five years in the state. Still all important cities, including Pune, Thane, Aurangabad and Nagpur, are facing manpower crunch in the police force.\"Patil said that, besides fighting terrorism, the police were also dealing with Naxalites , gangsters and dacoits. \"Most of their time is spent in maintaining law and order,\" he said.Patil said that every person in the state should be a policeman in plainclothes. \"If the police and the people come together, the crime rate in the state will certainly decline.\"After the hanging of Ajmal Kasab , some terrorist organisations have threatened attacks on our country, the minister said. \"The police are on high alert. Compared to 2008, we are well prepared now. We have good weaponry and other gadgets. Our navy and coast guard are also on alert.\"Patil said that the state department has purchased enough bullet proof jackets for police personnel.About youths' role in fighting terrorism, Patil said, \"Several youths are involved in social activities through Ganesh mandals and other organisations. I want to utilise this youth power in fighting terrorism.\"Patil said that he has plans to train these youths with the help of the police.Earlier, Patil felicitated the policemen who achieved success in the police duty meet. Those who will win medal for the state police during the national police duty meet in Bhopal will be rewarded with promotion and increments, he said.Patil also released the new logo and motto for the criminal investigation department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-24"}
