{"city": "purnia", "code": "17261571", "title": "Police recover eight trafficked girls in Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: In all, eight trafficked girls, mostly minors were recovered during a raid conducted in the red-light area in Khuskibag under Purnia Sadar police station on late Friday evening. Three persons were also arrested in this connection.A police team headed by the additional superintendent of police (ASP) Dipak Burnwal, along with members of an NGO--Tip India Project--carried out raids in two brothels in the red-light area in Khuskibag in Purnia town. The police succeeded in recovering eight girls, who were trafficked from different part of the state. Three persons, who had paid the sex workers, were also arrested. But, the brothel-keeper Rina Khatoon managed to give a slip to the police team, police said.The district co-ordinator of the NGO, Vikarm Kumar Singh, on Saturday said, \"The NGO was tipped-off about a girl, who was abducted and trafficked from Sitamarhi district a couple of days back. Later, the NGO managed to get in touch with the mother of the trafficked girl. Purnia SP Amit Lodha was apprised of the matter. On his direction, police raided two brothels. The police recovered eight girls, two of whom were trafficked from Sitamarhi and East Champaran districts and pushed into the flesh trade.\"The minor girls, who were forced into the blind alley of flesh trade and have since been recovered, are, however, being quizzed by members of the Child Welfare Society on Saturday, Purnia Sadar SHO said.Three of the recovered girls have expressed their desire to be repatriated to their families, Singh said. \"Quite a few of the recovered girls are, however, reluctant to go back to their parents aware of the stigma they will carry for their families,\" says Farzana Begum of NGO Rahat.This is, however, not for the first time that the trafficked girls have been recovered in Purnia. Many red-light areas like those in Khuskibag, Gulabbag, Kabristan-Tola and Harda have mushroomed in and around Purnia. The red light areas in the districts were often under the police scanner and raided from time to time in 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012. But, the end-result is not very encouraging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260458", "title": "Married woman raped", "text": "NAGPUR: A 26-year-old married woman on way to home was gagged, beaten up and raped by threatening her of dire consequences on Friday night under the jurisdiction of MIDC police station.The victim Jaya (name changed) hails from Rajasthan. From last two years, the couple had been staying at a rented room in MIDC area. Jaya works as a labourer in a private company in MIDC. Around 7pm, she was walking home when Anand Singh alias Vicky came from behind and gagged her. He dragged her into the bushes and forced himself upon her. The victim said Vicky slapped and thrashed her repeatedly. He even threatened her of dire consequences if she talked about the incident.Investigating officer S C Yadav said after the incident, Vicky took her near a well and threatened her that he would push her inside if she told anyone. Jaya told police that she did not know Vicky. She said from last week, he was following her. Hence, she asked a pan kiosk shop owner his name a few days ago.Police said as she was frightened, Jaya did not approach police immediately. On Saturday morning, her landlady asked her after she noticed her crying and injuries on her person. Later, with landlady's support, Jaya filed a police complaint. Police said there were injuries on Jaya's body which suggested that Vicky had beaten her ruthlessly.Yadav said the pan kiosk owner had told them Vicky's address at I C Square on Hingna Road. \"We searched him at his home but it was locked. Search in nearby areas was being carried out,\" he said. Apart from rape charge, Vicky was booked for trespassing, voluntarily causing hurt and giving threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262819", "title": "Indore kid beats Einstein in IQ", "text": "INDORE: Avi Sharma is just 3. For his age with an intelligence quotient (IQ) of 161 he has beaten some of the top scientists and celebrities in the world including Microsoft CEO Bill Gates , physicists Stephan Hawkins and Albert Einstein, scientist and writer Sigmund Freud, former US president Abraham Lincoln and French king Napoleon Bonaparte.Keeping in view the IQ, Avi falls under the \"exceptionally gifted child\" category. A study says that merely 2% of the world's population are having an IQ at that level.Talking to ToI, a city-based clinical psychologist, Dr Ajay Sharma, said, \"I have conducted the IQ test of the child and have found him to be a gifted child.\"Dr Sharma added that on an average 10-15 children approach him for conducting the IQ test. \"In case the children coming to me were having age more than five years, I recommend their parents to go for Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Child (WISC) test,\" he said.Avi's mother says that the child had learnt by rote mantras and slokas with ease. He understands traffic signals, has an idea of how money is withdrawn from ATMs, said his mother, an MBA (marketing), who left her job midway after having conceived the child.Avi's father, Amit Sharma, who works for a private sector life insurance firm, said, \"It was during this year that we got Avi admitted to a nursery class in a nearby school.\"He says that the credit for grooming his child goes to his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17261512", "title": "Share info on chain snatchers, win Rs 10K", "text": "HUBLI: Have lost your gold chain to chain snatchers? You may or may not get it back depending on your luck and police efficiency in catching culprits, but if you give information about the identity of the culprits to police, you stand to win a cash award of Rs 10,000. To motivate the public to come forward to identify chain snatchers, Hubli-Dharwad police commissionerate has come out with a novel action plan. Accordingly, whoever gives information to police about chain snatchers will get Rs 10,000 cash as award. The move comes in the wake of rising number of chain snatching cases in the twin cities. November has been especially bad for the police department as 20 chain snatching cases have already been reported. People have lost gold ornaments worth Rs 8 lakh in the last fortnight. Police are at their wits' end to control the crime that is rising at an alarming rate. What worries them the most is that bike-borne chain snatchers are no longer restricting their activities to late evenings and night. They are robbing women of their jewellery even in broad da light. Police are adopting various methods to nab the culprits. They are appealing to petrol bunk owners to install CCTV cameras at the bunks which may help track the criminals who roam around on their bikes. Speaking to STOI, police commissioner BA Padmanyan said that sometimes people know about the miscreants but they don't come forward to give information to police. \"We felt the need to motivate them, so we have announced the cash prize. Name of the informant will be kept confidential,\" he said.Modus operandi Chain snatchers roam on two-wheelers, mainly they prefer bikes, which do not have number plates. They usually cover their face with handkerchiefs. They target lonely women, preferably in extension areas. Police have also initiated verification of documents of two-wheelers, which run in and around the twin cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262695", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIkea used political prisoners for labour\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Ikea , the Swedish furniture giant whose flat-pack offerings grace homes from Bolton to Bangkok, admitted on Friday that East German political prisoners had been used to make its goods for three decades.In the latest in a series of scandals to hit the company, Ikea was found to have been aware of the potential use of forced labour by its suppliers in the former Communist bloc country as early as 1978 and continued to source furniture from the German Democratic Republic until the fall of the Berlin Wall.The conclusions of the investigation by carried out bt auditors Ernst &amp; Young, which looked at 100,000 documents from the archives of Ikea and the German state, are deeply embarrassing for the company, whose corporate responsibility motto is \"low price but not at any price\" . The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260488", "title": "Ponty Chadha case: Raid fiasco shook up IT dept", "text": "NEW DELHI: Income tax search operations rarely cause a shake-up in the finance ministry of the kind that followed raids at the premises of liquor baron Gurdeep 'Ponty' Chadha in February, on the eve of the UP polls. For all the media teasers about the discovery of secret vaults, the exercise yielded nothing of consequence, leading to insinuations that the tycoon was tipped off by an insider.The suspicion was strengthened when the I-T officials deputed to raid a sugar factory owned by Chadha's kin in UP's Gajraula discovered that the management was ready to welcome them on their supposedly 'surprise' inspection. Perhaps, it was too much to expect the street-smart businessman to hoard cash on his premises when the Election Commission was exhorting government agencies to sniff out black money funding the UP polls. Yet, such was the controversy that the then member-investigation in the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), SS Rana, who planned the raids across 25 locations in different cities, was removed, strengthening the impression that the department had botched up the exercise.Sources in the finance ministry say it was perhaps the first time when a revenue secretary wrote an elaborate note to the minister seeking to divest the CBDT member-investigation, one of the most sensitive posts in the finance ministry, of his portfolio by leveling serious charges against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17259901", "title": "HRT's time in F1 might be up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Formula One team HRT's situation went from bad to worse with apparent failure of talks between owners Thesan Capital and a potential Qatari investor.HRT is in a perilous situation, which if speculation is to be believed could lead the team closing its doors within 24 hours of the chequered flag falling in Brazil.A team insider told Spanish newspaper Marca that the F1 outfit had already begun to issue redundancy notices to sections of its workforce.\"I can not say who it is,\" the source told Marca, \"It seemed that it was all done, they were interested and had money. Then it was delayed and, right before the notary was to be signed, in the week of the Abu Dhabi GP , they backed out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17262545", "title": "All events off, fear shuts down Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: As the news of Bal Thackeray's passing away spread through Mumbai and its neighbouring areas, so did a wave of fear and anxiety. Frightened citizens scrambled home, creating logjams at stations and roads, as wary storeowners shuttered down.Fear Factor: Hooligans began prowling the streets, forcing shops shut, within an hour of Thackeray's death. In Bandra (West), a few youths shattered the neon sign of a closed showroom because it was aglow. In Dadar (West), all stores, barring a few chemist shops, were ordered to remain closed for two-three days. BEST curtailed its bus operations following stone-pelting at Ghatkopar, Pratiksha Nagar, Kamothe (Navi Mumbai) and Naupada (Thane).Jam-Packed: Before fear and violence emptied out roads, snarl-ups were witnessed on western express highway and the arterial S V Road. At Dadar station, a near stampede was avoided because of the presence of a posse of policemen.Grinding Halt: The 246 petrol pumps in the city wer e shut by 5pm and cinema halls called off screenings after 6pm. By late evening, one lakh autos and 30,000 taxis disappeared from the streets. The prepaid counters at the domestic and international airports too shut down. An exclusive black-tie event, where Amitabh Bachchan was to be felicitated, called off. Theatres too suspended shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263014", "title": "19-year-old engg student killed in bike accident", "text": "PUNE: A 19-year-old engineering student, Vaibhav Akuskar, was killed after the motorcycle he was riding skidded off a kuchcha road near his college in Lonavla on Friday morning. A second year electrical engineering student of Sinhagad Kashibai Navale Institute of Technology Sciences, Kusgaon Budruk, Lonavla, Vaibhav was staying in the college hostel and originally hailed from Beed.Investigating officer Vijay Malusure of the Lonavla rural police on Saturday said Vaibhav took his friend's motorcycle to pick up his father from the Lonavla railway station. He took the kuchcha road behind the college's hostel instead of taking the tarred road.Vaibhav was administered preliminary treatment by the medical officer at the college. He was then rushed to the nearby Parmar hospital, but was declared dead by doctors on arrival. He died due to severe head injuries, Malusure said.Vaibhav's body was later handed over to his father after performing a post-mortem at the government hospital in Lonavla. A case of accidental death has been registered, he added.Vaibhav's father Keshav Akuskar, who works as a chief accountant at a sugar factory in Latur, told TOI over telephone from his Beed residence that he left Latur on Thursday to meet his son. \"I called Vaibhav to tell him that I will be reaching Lonavla by 5.15 am. My son asked me to wait near the statute of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj outside the Lonavla railway station, but he did not come to receive me at the given time,\" he said\"I tried to contact him till 5.35 am. Finally, a college security guard answered the phone, but he did not tell me anything about the accident. The college staff picked me up from Lonavla station and drove me straight to the campus where I was informed by the authorities that my son had met with an accident,\" he addedAkuskar was in a state of shock and could not believe that his son had met with an accident.Akuskar alleged that his son was rushed to the nearby hospital, but the doctors did not attend him immediately and kept them waiting for sometime as it was an accident case. \"I pleaded before the staff to start the treatment and save my son's life, but they insisted that the police should be first informed about the incident. My son was declared dead when the doctors examined him,\" he added.Medical officer A C Parmar of Parmar hospital and research centre told TOI that Vaibhav's father was not aware that his son had died when he was brought to the hospital by the college medical staff.The college campus chief executive officer Raymond Benjamin told TOI that Vaibhav's bike skidded while taking a turn and was rushed to the college hospital after a student who saw him lying on the road, but the doctors could not revive him.The victim's relative Deepak Wangaskar told TOI over telephone from Beed that Vaibhav was a good student and that he had last spoken to him on Dussehra. \"I had received a text message wishing happy Diwali from Vaibhav. That was the last message I had received from him,\" Wangaskar added.The college principal, S S Inamdar, who had switched off her cellphone was not available for comments. Vaibhav's funeral was performed at Beed on Friday evening. He is survived by his father, mother, two elder sisters and a brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17260797", "title": "Peacock blue merges with gold", "text": "PANAJI: The official poster of the International film festival of India (Iffi) 2012 was unveiled on Saturday.The poster was unveiled by Shankar Mohan, festival director, at the Maquinez Palace, which is among the Iffi venues, on Saturday.The poster for Iffi 2012 has been designed by four-time national award winning art director Nitin Desai who has designed film sets for several Bollywood period films like 'Devdas', 'Jodha Akbar' and 'The Legend of Bhagat Singh'.The poster for the 43rd Iffi incorporates design elements from this year's festival theme which is 'The centenary of Indian cinema'.After unveiling the poster, Mohan said, \"It is the ingenuity of a gifted art director like Desai that today we have amongst us one of the best renditions of the identity of Iffi.\"\"It is a continuation from our endeavour made last year to engage great talents to provide a new identity to Iffi and to create a vibrant look and feel of the festival,\" he said.Desai said, \"This year, we are celebrating the centenary of feature films in India. In order to celebrate this momentous milestone, we have incorporated the filmstrip as an integral part of the design for Iffi, one that showcases the journey of our cinemaso far.\"He added, \"The peacock, the official motif of the festival, is associated with beauty, grace, mysticism and pride. The feather of the beautiful crested bird, resembling the eye, served as inspiration for the colour palette wherein the peacock blue merges with the gold of celebrations in order to showcase the glory of hundred years of Indian films.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17260842", "title": "Woman tries to kill herself at Calangute beach", "text": "CALANGUTE:A 32-year-old woman from Porvorim attempted suicide at the Calangute beach on Friday afternoon. According to Drishti, the woman had come alone to the beach at around 1pm and entered a non-swim zone wearing a brown and orange colour churidar. After a while a lifeguard noticed her floating in the water around 25m in the sea and immediately rushed towards her with a rescue board. After securing the woman to the board, she was brought to the shore where she started foaming at the mouth and was found to have a low pulse rate. She was then given oxygen on the beach before being shifted to the Candolim primary health centre in a 108 ambulance. On being questioned by the lifeguards, the woman claimed she had tried to end her life. The reasons for her attempting suicide were not known.CM condoles Bal Thackeray's death: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar condoled the death of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray and sent a message to his bereaved family that Goa has lost a true friend. He said that Thackeray was a great patriot and Hindu national leader who shaped the political history of Maharashtra. \"In his death, Goa has lost a true friend. Bal Thackeray will also be remembered as a great cartoonist, a pioneer, political commentator with his mighty pen. He was the main architect and strong force behind BJP and Shiv Sena alliance in Maharashtra for more than 20 years,\" stated Parrikar.Sr Nina Lopes is Pilar Sisters' new president: Sr Nina Lopes was elected as the president of the Pilar Sisters Association (PSA), commonly known as Pilar Sisters, at the 20th general and elective assembly at their headquarters in Loutolim recently. For the election, 32 members of the PSA had gathered from November 9-16 for the general elective assembly, which is held every two years. Along with Lopes, who hails from Chinchinim, the new team includes Sr Nancy Baretto from Galgibaga as the first councillor and Sr Maria Fernandes from Palolem-Canacona as the second councillor. The services of the outgoing president, Sr Luiza Fernandes, and second counsellor Sr Elsa Fernandes were acknowledged by the members of the general assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17261951", "title": "Indigenous Muslims seek protection in trouble-hit areas", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Sadou Asom Goria Moria Deshi Jatiya Parishad (SAGMDJP) has asked the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) and state government to ensure security of indigenous Assamese Muslims. They claimed that many indigenous Muslims were killed in the fresh spurt of violence.SAGMDJP represents Goria, Moria and Deshi Muslim communities. Its stand is that as their ethnic roots lie in the state, unlike the Muslims of east Bengal origin, they are indigenous to the state.While Gorias converted Islam from different ethnic groups and tribes in the state, Morias are the descendents of Muslim soldiers taken prisoners during wars with local kings. In subsequent years, Morias married local women and extended their families. The Deshi Muslims are Koch Rajbongshi, who converted to Islam.\"We have found that among the persons killed in the recent violence in Bodoland Territorial Area District, many belonged were indigenous Muslims like Deshi Muslims. We want to draw the attention of the state government and the BTC administration to the attacks on our communities. Our people have to be ensured security and they should not be made sacrificial lambs in the conflict,\" SAGMDJP president Sahiruddin Ali Ahmed said.On Saturday, the SAGMDJP took out a protest rally here condemning the violence and the attack on their community members.\"We want the violence to end immediately. We also do not want our community members to be attacked. We are as much a part of the state as is any other tribal and ethnic group in Assam. We are indigenous to the state and should be treated indiscriminately,\" Ahmed demanded.He also referred to the 2008 ethnic conflict between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in Udalguri and Darrang districts, saying that indigenous Muslims were attacked then too and their houses were burnt down.In September this year, SAGMDJP in its meeting here, expressed their desire to be identified by their ethnic names rather than as Muslims. They claimed that because of their small number in comparison to Muslims of East Bengal origin, the indigenous Assamese Muslims are deprived of welfare schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261831", "title": "Adulterated milk causing gradual erosion of Mathura's Giriraj temple", "text": "LUCKNOW: After creating panic among the devotees and other members of the society, adulteration seems to have taken a toll on Giriraj - the direct manifestation of Lord Krishna, the first deity of Kalyuga. and Believed to be Adulteration harms not only humans; it is not good for the health of deities as well. And Giriraj, the deity who was first worshipped by Lord Krishna (aiso dev nahi koye duja, shri krishna ne pahle puja), was the first victim.Giriraj is believed to be the direct manifestation of Lord Krishna. He is also said to be the first deity of Kalyuga.The deity's origin is attributed to ekshila, the portion of the Govardhan Mountain, which was first worshipped by Lord Krishna. Till date, milk and curd is offered to Ekshila round the clock.\"The demand for milk is quite high here, but the supply isn't enough. Taking advantage of the deficit, criminal elements introduce synthetic milk, which not only harms people, but is also causing slow erosion of the Ekshila as well,\" said Radha Charan Kaushik, manager of the temple trust. The matter attracted the attention of the local administration about two months ago when scores of fish in Mansi Ganga lake were found dead. Excess milk from the temple flows into this water body. Locals started saying that adulterated milk that flows into the lake was responsible for the death of the fishes.\"We gathered samples from four main sources that sell milk to the devotees and found that they all failed the test of purity,\" said SK Shukla, food inspector, Mathura. It may also be noted that 77 raids pertaining to adulterated milk and spurious milk products have been conducted by the food inspectors in Mathura since January 2012, and 36% of the samples have failed the purity test. A police case has been registered against 28 persons.However the officer clarified that the fishes did not die because of adulterated milk. \"The fishes died due to some other reason, as the adulterants in milk offered to the deity were not fatal,\" added Shukla. Environmental activists said that the fishes could have died because of low levels of oxygen. \"Several big drains fall into the lake, which is believed to the main source of pollution. Then disposal of religious wastes into the water body, which is common practice on the place, is also to be blamed,\" said an officer in the Mathura administration.Shukla and his team conducted raids in the Daanghati temple of Govardhan in September. As many as 27 samples were gathered during the raid. The report of 24 samples is out and 66% samples (16 in number) failed the test. \"We also conducted raids in Jatipura area and destroyed over one quintal of khoya sweets and 120 litres of milk,\" said Shukla. Jatipura is the first stoppage on the Saat Kos Parikrama route, in which devotees walk down nine places of religious importance located on a 21-kilometre-long circular path.As per official estimates by the Railways, more than seven crore devotees visit the temple during Purshottam Maas (extra month from mid-August to mid-September) this year. \"On a normal day, the average footfall is anything around 40,000 people.The number of devotees increases five to six times on full moon day (puranmasi),\" said Kaushik. He added that the quantity offered by a devotee may vary on the basis of his economical condition. But each one contributes to keep the tradition alive.Significantly, this is not the only religious spot swarmed by people involved in the act of adulterating the milk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17262010", "title": "State may miss LPG deadline", "text": "KOLKATA: Though the Centre has extended the deadline for submission of Know-Your-Customer (KYC) forms to November 30, LPG dealers in the state are still struggling to get consumers to submit forms. With the state recording a poor response in collection of the forms so far, they doubt if the process will be completed within the stipulated time.\"In our state, only 30% of KYC could be collected by dealers,\" said West Bengal LPG Distributors Association general secretary Bijon Bihari Biswas. The state-owned oil firms had previously asked their domestic cooking gas (LPG) distributors to collect and verify duly-filled KYC forms from consumers by October 31. Later, the deadline was extended to November 15.The drive to eliminate multiple connections at same-name-same-address (SNSA) or different-names-same-address (DNSA) was initiated following the central government's decision to cap supply of subsidised LPG to six cylinders per household in a year.Biswas has clarified that only those customers whose names appear on the respective oil marketing companies' (OMC) Transparency Portal and who have been identified as holders of multiple LPG connections need to submit the KYC details along with POI (proof of identity) and POA (proof of address) before the revised deadline of November 30.Customers, whose names do not appear on the transparency portal of oil companies as 'multiple connection holders' or on the list available with the distributor, need not submit their KYC details. The transparency portals of the respective OMCs can be accessed through their websites. Oil marketing companies (OMCs) have also eased the process for transfer of existing LPG connection among family members (during lifetime) or to the legal heir (in case of death) of the registered consumer, besides easing regularisation of LPG connection held in someone else's name.Provision for regularisation of LPG equipment held without original documents has also been made. All the details can be obtained from both the LPG distributors as well as OMC websites.Consumers who have got their connections verified will get LPG cylinders delivered at home only after they book the cylinders with the dealer on production of the DGCC (Domestic Gas Consumer Card), which is also known as red and blue book. \"There is no bar on issue of new connections. But this is subject to the production of documents prescribed in the KYC format along with the affidavit stating that the applicant does not possess any LPG connection of any oil company anywhere in India,\" said Biswas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260302", "title": "Brothers' battle turns into bloodbath", "text": "NEW DELHI: Differences between Ponty Chadha and his youngest brother Hardeep widened soon after their father Kulwant Singh Chadha died last June, business sources say. Hardeep wanted the family business split.\"Hardeep would get aggressive when he demanded separation of the business. Although things never really went out of hand, like it did on Satuday, heated arguments did take place. Ponty had come to realise that it would be virtually impossible for a status quo to continue, but wasn't sure how the business would be valued because their sisters too were eligible for a share in the business owned by their father. He wouldn't mind if the brothers and sisters stayed together. But Hardeep had made it clear that he wanted his share at the earliest,\" a business associate said.Hardeep, sources said, had sold a Bilaspur paper mill owned by their father without informing anyone in the family. \"When Ponty got to know, he raised objections. Eventually, the mill was bought back,\" the business associate said. Hardeep, sources said, skipped the wedding of their other brother Rajinder's daughter two weeks ago. Rajinder was said to be close to Ponty and looked after the family business actively.The Chadha empire flourished during BSP rule in UP and Ponty floated 16 companies after Mayawati took office as CM. These firms got contracts ranging from real estate to sugar mills to film production and distribution.After SP came to power in March 2012, CM Akhilesh Yadav said he'd investigate Ponty and his wealth but not much was done following reports that the party had patched up with the controversial businessman.Earlier, in February when Uttar Pradesh was gearing up for Assembly Elections, the Income Tax department had searched 17 locations across the state and New Delhi, including a prime shopping mall - Centrestage Mall in Noida - and farmhouses owned by Ponty.After the searches in February, the income tax department had said that it had seized Rs 11 crore in cash, jewellery and fixed deposits and sealed 13 bank lockers. Three months after the raids, an income tax official said that Ponty had disclosed an \"unrecorded income of Rs 175 crore\" to them.Ponty, as mentioned in the company website, had \"the supervisory charge of the group's businesses\" and was \"executive head of all expansion and diversification programmes\".With his death, people in business circle say \"the Chadha family business may be looked after fully by Rajinder and Ponty's son, Manpreet, but it might not reach the heights Ponty could have taken it because of his political links\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17263016", "title": "'He took up the cause of Maharashtrians'", "text": "AURANGABAD: \"We have lost the voice of Marathi manoos. Thackeray took up the cause of Maharashtrians 40 years ago when no other dared to speak for them. He has shown us the path to live with self-respect,'' said Moreshwar Save (80), former Shiv Sena MP from Aurangabad.Save was the first Shiv Sena mayor outside Mumbai and Thane who represented Aurangabad in Parliament as a Sena MP in 1989 and 1991. He was also the party's leader in Parliament between 1991 and 1996. He was close to Thackeray before he left the party in 1996 owing to differences.Save and Thackeray were among those chargesheeted in the Babri Masjid demolition case. He said Thackeray was respected not only in Maharashtra, but also across the country. \"I know this firsthand, as I had visited several states for campaigning for the BJP and other opposition candidates. Thackeray has done in 35 years, what BJP could not do despite having a national presence. He attracted Hindu votes and people believed in what he said. He was so clear in his speech and his deeds that his words convinced people. Public meetings addressed by Thackeray were a guarantee for the party candidate's victory in polls,'' said Save.He recalled that Thackeray was a power and a voice that people adored and followed. \"Balasaheb was the only crowd puller in the entire country, after Jaiprakash Narayan, whom people loved and listened to,'' he added.The environment that Thackeray's two campaign meetings created in Aurangabad in 1988 still remain in memory. Whatever may happen in the civic body ruled by the Sena-BJP combine, people still believe that Shiv Sena is the only alternative in Aurangabad,'' he said.Thackeray knew the pulse of the people and had a team of people who would keep him abreast of day-to-day happenings. They would give him clippings which he would read carefully, said Save.I had been hoping for his recovery. I had offered special prayers,'' said Malibaba Paithankar, one of the founders of the Shiv Sena in Aurangabad district in 1988. Paithankar said though he had distanced himself from present-day Shiv Sena, he still had a photograph of Balasaheb Thackeray in his room. \"He is my ideal,'' he added.Paithankar, a senior Sena leader who had worked for the growth of the party in the region, was among the 27 corporators elected on the party's symbol for the first time after the establishment of the party in Aurangabad in 1988.He recalled, Balasaheb had then addressed two campaign meetings in Marathwada Sanskritik Mandal and Cidco TV Centre area and led the party to a thumping victory. Thackeray addressed a third, but victory meeting at Marathwada Sanskritik Mandal later. He was closely attached to the city that responded overwhelmingly to his call for change in 1988. Ever since, except for a few occasions, the Sena maintained its stronghold over the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation and the district politics,\" added Paithankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262391", "title": "Courting controversy", "text": "For all the \"inflammatory\" speeches and controversy through Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's long political career, his brush with the law was always rather remote. He never faced a trial, spent time in jail only once, and was never convicted for any substantial criminal offence. The cases against him for hate speech were all either withdrawn or never took off for want of prior government sanction ; in others he was never charged. He did get convicted once for contempt of court but any glee among his detractors was short-lived . The Supreme Court set aside his conviction in 2004 for want of the necessary consent of the advocate-general.The only \"punishment\" that was carried through was a six-year ban on Thackeray's voting rights in 1999, a decade after the Bombay high court held him guilty of election crimes. However he, as his close friend and long-time lawyer Adhik Shirodkar said, was not bothered by it. \"The Maharashtra government wanted to target him each and every time,\" Shirodkar said. \"And each time it failed.\" Others preferred to put it differently\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthat the government failed to follow through each and every time. As a former cop said, Thackeray was the leader of a belligerent party and fear of his followers setting the city aflame made his arrest unthinkable.The first and only time the Sena chief served a jail term was way back in 1969, when the party was agitating for the inclusion of Belgaum in Maharashtra . The next and only formal arrest came three decades later when he surrendered in a \"hate speech\" case filed against him. \"He did so as he was unhappy with the tension being caused in the city with rumours about his impending arrest. His arrest was a formality as the court immediately discharged him from the case,\" said Shirodkar. Added advocate Nitin Pradhan , \"It was a fiasco. Chhagan Bhujbal , then in the Congress, had wanted him arrested but the time period for the government sanction required before an accused can be prosecuted had lapsed. The state was caught sleeping . The matter did go in appeal but the case remained quashed.\"Thackeray courted around two dozen legal controversies in over four decades. The biggest prosecution victory was in a 1997 contempt of court case where the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court convicted him in a case filed by Congressman Harish Pimpalkhute who accused Thackeray of making false charges against a judge in a public speech. The court sentenced him to two years' imprisonment , but seven years later a Supreme Court bench accepted Thackeray's contention saying the HC had erred in convicting him on a contempt petition which did not have the consent of the then advocate-general of Maharashtra.In July 1999, the election commission stripped Thackeray of his voting rights for six years, based on orders passed by the Bombay high court a decade earlier. The HC had then set aside Shiv Sena candidate Ramesh Prabhoo's election to the assembly, holding Thackeray and Prabhoo guilty of election offences. Thackeray, while campaigning for Prabhoo, had said, \"If one starts digging whatever masjids are there, one will find Hindu temples.\" Pradhan, who was on his legal team, said the HC had misconstrued the meaning of Thackeray's words and that he never asked that masjids be razed. Thackeray never entered the witness-box to explain his statement. The court battle went up to the SC which, in 1995, upheld the HC's verdict against Thackeray, bemoaning \"the lack of restraint in the language used and the derogatory terms used to refer to a group of people in an election speech\".Civil libertarians entered the picture when all the cases filed against Thackeray for his hate speeches were sought to be withdrawn by the BJPSena government. The People's Union for Civil Liberties, represented by Atul Setalvad, filed a petition in 1996. The Bombay HC heard Setalvad and recorded advocate-general C J Sawant's statement that there were chargesheets filed in seven cases against Thackeray which the government did not wish to pursue. He said the government did not wish to give reasons for the withdrawal, a statement Justices Majithia and M L Dudhat accepted as valid. Thus ended seven cases against Bal Thackeray .One of the civil forces behind some of the action was former civic chief J B D'Souza , who, within a month of the Mumbai riots, moved a criminal petition in the Bombay high court seeking government action against Thackeray for many editorials that were \"aimed at communal disharmony\" . The police informed the court that four cases had been filed in a metropolitan court but that they found nothing objectionable in nine editorials. They said the HC ought not to intervene as D'Souza could have come to them first or gone to the Press Council. The HC agreed and dismissed the petition. In 1995, even the Supreme Court threw out D'Souza's appeal and upheld the HC verdict, leading to outrage among activists and legal luminaries like Nani Palkhiwala, Soli Sorabjee, India's former attorney-general , and H M Seervai. That no one is above the law is the anthem of the criminal justice system but in the end perhaps there just was that one person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262955", "title": "Post death, Piya's family wants murder charge against teacher", "text": "JAIPUR: The family of nine-year-old Piya Choudhary is shattered after her death but is determined to take forward the legal battle against the teacher who had allegedly thrashed her to the extent that she lost her left eye and developed tumors. The girl, who developed cancer a few months ago, breathed her last on Friday.Her family now wants murder charges to be registered against the teacher who had hit her. The family members also alleged that the school administration betrayed them as despite promising to bear her medical expenses, they failed to do so.Though her mother Sonu Choudhary was not in a position to talk, the girl's uncle, Naveen Chaudhary, told TOI after the funeral: \"We will certainly urge the Jhunjhunu Sadar police station to add Section 302 (murder) of IPC against the teacher who thrashed her so badly that she had not only lost her eye but also life.\"The doctors at AIIMS, New Delhi, had said that her condition was getting critical only because she had severe head injuries and clots in the brain, he claimed.\"The nasty blows given by the teacher have actually taken the life of our beloved daughter,\" Choudhary said.Though on September, 6, 2012 the family had withdrawn the case against Tagore School as the school administration promised to pay Rs 15 lakh as compensation, they alleged that the school administration paid only a part of the promised compensation and then started neglecting the family.\"For the past one month, we were trying to call them but they were not responding. Hence, we will also take legal advice to reopen the case against the school administration,\" Choudhary added.However, AK Jain, counsel for Sonu Choudhary, said: \"As far as I am concerned, the family had filed a written affidavit in the court saying they were paid Rs 15 lakh. Still, a case of death due to negligence could be lodged against the teacher. We will avail all possible legal aid for the family.\"Meanwhile, Vijay Goyal , a child rights activist said: \"We will provide all possible help to the family to get justice. It is high time the state government enforce the guidelines of National Commission for Protection Child Rights and the Supreme Court in connection with corporal punishment.\"Piya was a student of Class 1 at Tagore School, Jhunjhunu. On July, 3, 2010 she was allegedly hit by her teacher for not completing the homework. A few days later, it was found that the girl lost her left eye. For the past two years, she was undergoing treatment at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) for tumors. She was also operated upon eight times for her eye injury. However, a few months ago, the doctors told the family that she had developed lymphoma (cancer).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262683", "title": "21% of Hooda's promises remain unfulfilled", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As many as of 1,098, around 21% of the announcements made by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda are either found to be non-feasible or have not been implemented, revealed an RTI query.According to 818-page information obtained by P P Kapur, an RTI activist from Panipat, the chief minister's office (CMO) on November 6 revealed that from March 2005, Hooda has made 5,135 announcements at public meetings and during interactions with representatives from various parts of the state.The query revealed that 3,356 announcements were executed, while 616 announcements were found to be non-feasible on technical grounds. Work is in progress on 681 announcements while 482 such announcements are awaiting execution.The maximum of 1,237 announcements was made for Rohtak district, Hooda's home district while 43 were made for Yamunanagar district.Officials in the CMO confirmed to have provided the information. \"As far as the non-feasible announcements are concerned, it could be only due to technical reasons,\" the officials at CMO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263180", "title": "Six Maoists freed in Giridih still at large", "text": "RANCHI: Police are yet to arrest the six Maoists, including a member of Bihar Jharkhand Special Area Committee, one sub-zonal commander and an area commander, who were freed by their colleagues following an attack on the jail van at Mahadev Chowk in Giridih district nine days back.A group of CPI(Maoist), including some women members of the banned outfit, had attacked the jail van on November 9 and freed the Maoist prisoners who were being taken from court to jail. Three policemen and an under trail prisoner were killed in the attack.Among those who escaped during the Maoist attack on the jail van was Bihar-Jharkhand Special Area Committee member Shahdeo Soren alias Pervez, sub-zonal commander Nemchandra Mahato and area commanders Mithun Mandal and Bipin Mandal, besides Baidyanath Tiwari. However, two of them -Tiwari and Bipin -returned and surrendered to the jail authorities the next day.Giridih SP Amol V Homkar said raids were on to trace and arrest the six rebels who managed to escape taking advantage of the chaos following the attack. \"The three senior rebels Parvez, Mahato and Mithun were wanted in a large number of cases, both in Bihar and Jharkhand, and if they remain free it will be a major problem for security forces. We are trying to get clues about their whereabouts and arrest them at the earliest,\" the SP said.\"We are trying to get information from Tiwari and Bipin who returned to the jail on their own about the possible hideout of the Maoists who are still at large,\" Homkar added.However, he declined to share the information which the police have managed to elicit from the rebels who returned to the jail.Apart from the six Maoists, eight general undertrials are also still at large.Meanwhile, four more persons have been arrested on Saturday in connection with the Giridih attack taking the total number of arrests in the case to 11. \"The arrested Maoists are identified as Babulal Besra, Chandar Marandi, Mukesh Yadav and Ashok Chode (Munger). Bombs and bikes were recovered from them,\" Giridih Superintendent of Police A V Homkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260973", "title": "Park Avenue remains an area of neglect", "text": "KOCHI: Its name promises a serene area for families to spend evenings under green canopies by the side of the city's famed backwaters. But Park Avenue, right in the heart of the city, can do with some facelift. The public park on this stretch is intended to serve as lungs for a city that is fast turning into a concrete jungle. However, it is steadily losing its charm, raising questions over the efficiency of the corporation and the district council for child welfare (DCCW) which are entrusted with the task of running it.Sources said that on and off efforts had been made by investing a sizeable amount to give a facelift to the open spaces here -- Annie Besant Janamaitri Traffic Park and Subhash Bose Park run by the corporation, and the Priyadarshini Children's Park run by the DCCW. However, lack of proper maintenance later turned this investment into a wasteful expenditure. Rajendra Maidan at the end of the stretch hasn't fared any better.The Priyadarshani Children's Park was a big draw among the people after landscaping was done and amusement enclosures put in place. But today, the polluted pond in it presents an ugly sight. The pond has become dirty because filters have not been installed. The boating facility here too has been stopped. And to add to the problems of the park, garbage is being burnt at an adjacent spot.The fountain light show still remains an attraction, but it's not drawing much crowd. The grass here is dry, revealing that the sole gardener appointed to maintain the two-acre garden is not doing enough.The globe at the entrance is poorly maintained and has developed cracks. Some of the swings have no seats, and the slide has cracks on it. The see-saws have no safe seats or seat belts, and the merry-go-round is not being used.\"They collect an entry fee, but the park is crying for maintenance. Facilities have not improved; they have become worse, in fact. Also, there is little security in and around the garden. However, we come here as we don't have any other open place in the city where we can take our kid on weekends,\" said Soji Anthony who works in an IT firm.DCCW secretary KJ Tomy, however, sounded optimistic. He said: \"The committee has approved the proposal to paint the park. We are facing water shortage, so there isn't enough water for the plants and grass. Some of the children's playing materials are lying unused as we have not been able to replace the defunct parts due to non-availability. But despite our limitations, we are making efforts to bring a smile onto the faces of children who visit our garden,\"The situation in Subhash Bose Park isn't much different. Most of the benches are rusted and the grass is overgrown, and because of this, people are wary of walking here as they fear it is home to poisonous reptiles.K J Sohan, town planning committee chairperson, said: \"In the corporation's budget speech we had said we would completely revamp the Subhash Bose Park. It will cost us crores of rupees. However, the Annie Besant Janamaitri Park is well maintained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17256301", "title": "Supriya keeps me grounded: Rohan Bopanna", "text": "Tennis players Rohan Bopanna and Mahesh Bhupathi recently announced their decision to part ways and partner with other players. This announcement came close on the heels of their defeat at the ATP World Tour. The duo had a good run this year, the pre-Olympic tennis row notwithstanding.In fact, Rohan, who played with Mahesh with a special focus on preparing for the London Olympics, says, \"Playing with Mahesh was a great learning experience for me and we had a good year on the tour. We won two events -- at Dubai and Paris, were finalists at the ATP World Tour Finals, and were consistently ranked within the top 10 teams of the world.\" Plus, he reached his career-highest doubles ranking, so it's been a great year for him.And, to add to all the cheer, Rohan will be tying the knot with fiancee Supriya Annaiah very soon. While he keeps mum on the exact wedding date (we hear it will be in the coming week), he admits that preparations for D-Day are on in full swing. Says he, \"All the preparations are coming along well. It will be a traditional Kodava wedding in Coorg and my close family and friends from the tour will be part of all the celebrations.\"Rohan and Supriya got engaged earlier this year. His excitement at taking this big step is palpable. \"I met Supriya through some common friends, and I have known her for a while now,\" he says. Is she game to deal with all the pressures of his sport? \"Supriya is very supportive of my choices, and very understanding of my demanding schedule. She keeps me grounded, and she knows exactly when I need my own space. She respects my priorities and lets me handle them the way I am used to,\" he shares.Post his wedding, Rohan will be back on court with his new partner American Rajeev Ram. \"I am looking at building a strong and sustainable partnership on the tour and Rajeev is a great player,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260706", "title": "Decks clear for restoration of Vizianagram Hall", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Broken tiles of the famous Vizianagram dome, damaged window panes, damaged doors, broken pillars and parapet, offshoots of creepers, etc at the heritage building of Science faculty housing the historical Vizianagram hall, the corridors and various lecture halls of the department of Mathematics and Defence Studies would soon be restored.Authorities of Allahabad University would be initiating restoration work of the entire stretch of the building i.e. from Vizianagram hall to the corridor connecting the department of Defence Studies to Physics department.The plan has been approved by various committees and is waiting final approval of the Vice-Chancellor after which RITES would commence the work once university authorities provide the funds.University Grants Commission (UGC) in its X{+t}{+h} Five Year Plan has sanctioned Rs 10 crore to AU, along with three other old universities of the country, including Bombay, Madras and Calcutta universities, for restoration of their heritage buildings. UGC had allocated an amount of around Rs 3 crore in the X{+t}{+h} plan for the purpose, rest to be given once the given amount was utilised.Later, AU authorities asked INTACH (Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage) to prepare a detailed report for restoring four heritage buildings at AU, including Vizianagram Hall in 2008-09.Although nothing concrete was done with regard to other three buildings, the university asked RITES to undertake restoration work of Vizianagram Hall which in turn asked Stambh, a firm with expertise in restoring old Hevili of Rajasthan , to conduct a three-dimensional detailed survey of restoration work of the entire building including the dome along with other two domes of the department of Mathematics.The report submitted by Stambh quoted around Rs 7.5 crore.A three-member committee, comprising best hands in conservation of heritage buildings of the country, was formed by the AU authorities, including, convenor INTACH Delhi chapter Prof AGK Menon, conservation architect Vikas Vedprakash Dilawari of Mumbai and director, conservation and World Heritage, JanhwiSharma of ASI (Archeological Survey of India) were asked to weigh the report submitted by Stambh. The experts were convinced by what the firm had to say but the committee also suggested some additional work be done for restoration.On getting approval of the experts committee and RITES agreeing in principle to follow suggestions of experts and completing restoration work in a time-bound way, AU authorities moved ahead with the process and work would start as soon as university authorities sanction Rs 40 lakh to RITES for work to be done before the restoration.\"Before starting the work, various tests have to be done including chemical analysis of construction material used originally in the building and the dome, structural stability analysis of the building, etc by RITES\", said an official of the engineering section of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267347", "title": "Delhi Belly\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s remake is titled Naughty Boys", "text": "UTV Motion Pictures is remaking the 2011 Bollywood super hilt film Delhi Belly, written by Akshat Verma. The latest on this film is that the Telugu version has been titled as Naughty Boys while Tamil version has been titled long back as Settai. While the Bollywood version stars Imran Khan, Kunaal Roy Kapur, Vir Das, Poorna Jagannathan and Shenaz Treasurywala, the Tamil version has Arya, Hansika and Anjali playing the lead roles.The story revolves around three roommates leading an unkempt and debt-ridden life in a shoddy apartment. Kannan, a former associate of Mani Ratnam , is directing the film and Thaman is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261936", "title": "Should KIFF go competitive?", "text": "KOLKATA: Wang Xiaoshuai was not present at Nandan to receive the trophy. But his 11 Flowers won the Netpac Kolkata award for \"telling an intense human story in high cinematic language.\" The film, \"a witness to historical changes at the time of China's Cultural Revolution,\" was commended for its treatment \"with empathy and sense of dignity for women.\" Subhadra Chowdhury's Lal Sweater was the closest contender.Netpac is the only award given at KIFF. There are demands for KIFF to go competitive since that's what gives festivals like Cannes, Berlin or Venice their edge. Apart from budgetary constraints, approval of the world body coordinating festivals is another hindrance. Those competing at the major fests compete in other festivals. So many smaller festivals focus on themes like regions, religion, environment, or even river. Since Pather Panchali had marked Ray's debut in world cinema, many have suggested Debut Films as a theme for KIFF.The Netpac jury, comprising Ratna Sarampet (Indonesia), Asif Rustamov (Azerbaijan) and Shyamal Karmakar of SRFTI, \"unanimously selected the winner,\" said Santanu Ganguly of Netpac. Wang Xiaoshuai, 46, came into limelight by winning the Silver Bear for Beijing Bicycle at Berlin 2001. His Shanghai Dreams won the Jury award at Cannes 2005, and Chongqing Blues competed at Cannes 2010.11 Flowers, a Sino-French co-production, tells the story of Wang Han, an 11-year-old who is confronted by a runaway murderer in Guizhou province. The wounded man hiding in the woods takes Wang's drying shirt and persuades him to help out. When Wang and his friends agree, strange things start happening at their school.Beset with violence and sexuality, the autobiographical coming of age drama is set in 1976, when the decade long Cultural Revolution was nearing its end. Wang's Shanghai family was \"sent down\" to Guizhou to help the Communist nation develop its countryside. By 1979 they moved to Wuhan and at 15, Wang moved to Beijing to study painting before joining the Beijing Film Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17262973", "title": "VMC to improve power supply infrastructure at Mahi French wells", "text": "VADODARA: Facing frequent hiccups of water supply from its French wells in the Mahi riverbed around Fajalpur, the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has decided to go in for better power supply infrastructure at the location.The civic body is coordinating with various state-owned power companies in this regard. The new infrastructure will include underground power cables and a sub-station. The VMC commissioner had earlier taken up the issue with the Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd and its subsidiaries. The major reason for the civic body seeking underground power cables was that there were frequent power breakdowns at the French wells leading to erratic water supply.The corporation will now pay Rs 90 lakh to the power companies for underground cabling. A separate sub-station will also be erected on the banks of Mahi to ensure smooth power supply, sources said.Besides the power problems, the French wells are also facing the issue of silting. The civic body has been on its toes to take care of this water supply source that provides water to several areas in the western and northern zones of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260717", "title": "Two of Army\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s off-air cellphone interceptors \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmissing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, govt seeks information", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two of the Army's off-air interceptor systems, which can listen in on cellphone conversations, are untraceable, a senior source told TOI, adding a fresh twist to the ongoing Army audit into the devices that were suspected to have been used illegally by a secretive unit under former chief General V K Singh.\"The suspicion is that they may have been destroyed,\" the source said. It is not clear at what stage the Army's internal investigations is, and if it has put on record and informed the home ministry about the missing interceptors.It is not known either if the two interceptor units were in the custody of the erstwhile Technical Support Division (TSD), set up by Gen V K Singh after he took over as Army chief in March 2010. However, details about the two missing systems has been conveyed to the Army higher-ups informally, sources said.A detailed Army audit of electronic warfare systems has been under way for the past several months. Among the key reasons behind the check is the doubt in the security establishment that the TSD may have been illegally listening in on phone conversations of important people in the national capital.MHA sought information on all 35 interceptorsEver since the allegations emerged, the home ministry has repeatedly raised questions about the Army possessing equipment capable of intercepting phone conversations. This MHA probe came even as a nationwide audit of off-air interception equipment was on, following allegations of the misuse of the devices by various government and private agencies.Over the last year, the home ministry has sought details from the Army about the deployment of around 35 off-air interceptors and electronic warfare systems with the capability to listen in on phone conversations. The first set of questions was raised earlier this year when around 20 off-air interceptors were imported through defence public sector unit, Bharat Electronics Limited. Recently, the home ministry is believed to have raised questions about another 15 systems. The alleged misuse of off-air interceptors of the Army came to light several months ago when the activities of the TSD, which was created after Gen V K Singh took over as the Army chief in March 2010, came under the scanner. The TSD was created as part of Military Intelligence but was reporting directly to the Army chief.In August, three months after General Bikram Singh became the chief, the Army decided to shut down TSD after a thorough review of its activities. An inquiry panel headed by Director General (Infantry) Lt Gen Vinod Bhatia is reviewing the activities of the TSD. It is not clear if the two off-air interceptors that are unaccounted for were in the TSD's custody.Lt Gen Bhatia's panel is also examining the use of intelligence funds by the TSD. The probe is focusing on whether TSD routed money to an NGO in Kashmir that had moved court against Gen Bikram Singh, accusing him of killing an innocent Kashmiri in 2001. The NGO, which has no other known activities, had moved the J&K; High Court a few months ago, raising questions over Gen Singh's appointment as the Army chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260290", "title": "Mobile, internet services hit in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Heavy cellphone traffic and SMSs in the aftermath of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death affected telecom services in Mumbai and other parts of Maharashtra.According to sources, social networking sites and cellphone apps were also hit. Telecom companies said a flurry of SMSs and calls led to a \"network jam\". Operators also confirmed that there were no instructions from the government to ban bulk text messages. \"There are no instructions from the state orCentre (on bulk SMSs). Inefficiency or hurdles in services may be due to heavy rush of calls and text messages,\" said a telecom firm source.\"My calls were either getting dropped or could not get connected despite frequent attempts till 10.30pm,\" said Manohar Verma, a Dadar resident. Akhilesh Mohite, an executive with a media research and analysis firm said he could not work in the absence of speedy net service throughout half of his late evening working hours.Akhilesh's friend\"We got several queries from our clients in telecom and broadband firm following the slowdown in services,\" said Anamika Rajan a call centre employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261489", "title": "Government, 2G auditor fought it out in House panels too", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bitter fight over the poor response to the 2G auction is only the latest episode of a dispute that has played out in Parliament's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) and the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom where Congress and the federal auditor have clashed fiercely.The PAC draft report remains disputed while minister of state for information and broadcasting Manish Tewari \u00e2\u20ac\u201d before he became a minister \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had challenged CAG Vinod Rai in JPC meetings during which both sides tested each other's resilience and defences. Records of the JPC meetings show Tewari did his best to pin down Rai over the precise context of the term \"presumptive\" which the auditor has referred to while calculating a likely revenue loss in the allocation of 2G spectrum.The Congress leader quizzed Rai over where the auditor derived his definition of the word presumptive in the Income Tax Act, arguing that the provision is intended to allow an assumption of tax liability in the event of books not having been audited.This, Tewari argued, is not the same as presumptive loss. \"To extrapolate that context of presumptive loss is not clear\" he said and pointed out that the tax authorities had informed the JPC that they did not calculate this on a \"presumptive basis.\" He wanted to know if CAG was using terminology that is not defined in the Income Tax Act.In response, Rai said revenue audit reports always point to a revenue loss and a potential loss. He said he was also drawing the inferences used by CAG from the finance bill and its memorandum that talks of the special provision for computing profits and gains of business on a \"presumptive\" basis.Rai said that Tewari referring to the term of consequence was surprising and the two went over the letter sent to the JPC by the central board of direct taxes. He referred to the CBDT saying \"...in some cases where the mistake resulted in computing loss over and above the actual loss, the corresponding tax effect is merely a notional figure generally called by CAG as potential tax.\"Rai contended that this was an incorrect claim on part of CBDT as the loss that CAG points out to is recovered by tax authorities. \"It is actually recoverable, that is why it causes concern,\" he said. Tewari pressed Rai on whether they could agree on the word presumptive not being defined by the Income Tax Act. Tewari also referred to a Supreme Court ruling that presumption is only an inference and that there is need for a specific provision in the statute. Rai countered by saying that the statute did not mention the word potential either but this has not been challenged. \"Am I to conclude that you are regularly in violation of your own statutes?\" Tewari asked the CAG. \"...what is a statute?...All we said is that a potential or a presumptive is till such time as is actually assessed to be proved to the contrary,\" Rai responded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17261005", "title": "DRI seizes red sanders worth 2.7 crore in raids", "text": "KOCHI: Directorate of revenue intelligence (DRI) has seized 27.7 tonne of red sanders worth Rs 2.7 crore from Pollachi and a container at Vallarpadam's International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) on Saturday. DRI officials said the red sanders, which were sourced from Pollachi, were to be smuggled to Dubai.DRI has taken eight persons into custody. The accused has been identified as Kannan alias Naidu of Chennai, officials said. DRI officials took Kannan into custody from Kochi. Besides Kannan and his two aides, officials took shipping agents Antony and Jayan from Fort Kochi, Senthil of Pollachi and driver Mohanan into custody.\"Yousuf of Thrissur is the brain behind this deal while Senthil is his go-down manager at Pollachi. The plan was to take the consignment to Hong Kong via Dubai, where it would fetch a price of Rs 1,000 per kg\"' said the DRI assistant director.The article in the container was recorded as coir pith that was registered in the name of a firm in Pollachi.DRI confirmed that no such industry exists in Pollachi and the firm was registered in the name of Yousuf. DRI officials said that half of the container was filled with coir pith, while the rest was full of red sanders.DRI official said customs had completed all its checks and the container was sealed from Asian Terminal, a container freight station (CFS) in Willingdon Island owned by the brother of a Kerala IPS officer. Last year, DRI had seized red sanders from the same CFS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261804", "title": "Time to turn on heaters, geysers", "text": "KANPUR: Sale of electrical appliances like heaters and geysers has picked up with the advent of winter.With a dip in mercury (minumum temperature 10 degrees), there is a chill in the air and cold winds have started flowing in the city. Heaters are, therefore, in demand and shopkeepers selling home appliances informed that people were visiting them in big numbers to buy heaters and geysers.Priced from Rs 250 to Rs 1,000, a heater is available in Sagar market, Gumti No.5, Lal Bangla, Kidwai Nagar, etc. \"Heaters of various companies are available in a range of prices and features, therefore, people buy according to their needs and budget. Heaters help keepg rooms warm,\" said an electronics shop owner talking to TOI. The electrical appliances were of immense help in extreme weather conditions, he added.Interestingly, sale of geysers run on electricity and gas has picked up too. Geysers help in heating/boiling water for various needs. Office-goers, students and the working women are all utilising these geysers to get hot water for bath, cleaning utensils, etc.Explaining the functioning of both types of geysers, Tarvinder Khanna, an electrical appliance store-owner in Govind Nagar, says, \"The electric geyser functions only when power is switched on.Gas geysers are also available with us. Gas geysers run on LPG and boil water according to one's needs. The demand for gas-geysers has increased manifold due to the fact that it does not require electricity to boil water.But with limiting of the subsidy on LPG cylinders, people are once again inquiring for the electricity operated gysers or some other new technology driven gadget,\" said Tarvinder.Tarvinder added the immersion rod is yet another device available in the market with which water can be heated and is being preferred by the denizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262504", "title": "For high-profile defectors, doors always remained shut", "text": "High-profile public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal, firebrand former chief minister Narayan Rane and Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam have no regrets about quitting the Shiv Sena. They say they had the highest regard for their political mentor, Sena supremo Bal Thackeray, but quit the party for political reasons.\"I have the highest regard for the senior Thackeray. Whether in power or otherwise , he ruled the state and country in a real sense. All along, he was my political mentor, but for political reasons I had no option but to quit the Shiv Sena,\" Rane, who is now with the Congress , told TOI on Saturday.Rane, a born Sena activist, began his political career as a Sena shakha pramukh and later rose to take over the reins of the state while still in the Sena. \"I was an ordinary Shiv Sena worker, but Bal Thackeray made me not only a legislator and a cabinet member, but even the chief minister of Maharashtra ,\" Rane said.In the wake of political differences, Rane quit the Shiv Sena and joined the Congress in 2006. \"No doubt, I joined the Congress, but I had a strong desire after that to meet the senior Thackeray . In fact, in the recent past, I made several attempts, but did not succeed,\" Rane said.A scribe-turned-politician , Sanjay Nirupam, too, has a more or less similar story. Impressed by his writing skills, Thackeray appointed Nirupam to the party's Dopahar Ka Saamna. Later , Nirupam was elected to the Rajya Sabha as a Shiv Sena nominee. Subsequently , when Nirupam took on the BJP over basic issues in the Rajya Sabha during BJP-led NDA rule, the BJP lodged a strong protest. As a result, Nirupam had no option but to quit the Shiv Sena. \"I resigned from the Shiv Sena on my own in 2006. Since then I did not meet the senior Thackeray. However, all along I had highest regard for him,\" said Nirupam, who has now been elected as a Congress MP.Another veteran Shiv Sena leader to quit the party was Chhagan Bhujbal. Way back in 1991, Bhujbal, then the most trusted aide of Thackeray, not only quit the party, but engineered the biggest-ever split in the Shiv Sena. Thackeray had then asked Sena activists to take revenge on Bhujbal, but in subsequent years Bhujbal reached a truce with the Thackeray family. \"For political compulsions, I quit the Shiv Sena and joined the Congress. Later, I joined the NCP. I have golden memories of my days in the Shiv Sena, particularly Bal Thackeray,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260628", "title": "Police won't work under pressure: ADG", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Fear and terror should prevail in the minds of criminals and mafias rather than common man and the state police is fully prepared to tackle the challenge of maintaining law and order in the state. Moreover, the activities of anti-social elements would be under close watch during the Moharram period to ensure that there is no law and order problem, said additional director general (Law and Order) Arun Kumar while talking to reporters here on Saturday.Stating that the police force is being readied to revamp the existing structure of chain of command, he said that \"henceforth every station officer (SO) would be solely responsible towards the district police chief and likewise his subordinates would also have to follow the same guidelines\". This would allay apprehension of external pressure on the police force in any form, he added.Issuing strict instructions to the police against trouble-makers who try to disturb communal harmony during festivals and other events, he said: \"The police force is free to act as per their own wisdom to handle any untoward incident which occurs during this period &amp; quell disturbances.\" tnn\"Efforts are on to forge a better understanding between the police force and public which would go a long way in checking crime in the state,\" he added.As regards security measures during Moharram period, he said although 10 companies of PAC are being sent for Gujarat elections, the department would be posting trainee sub-inspectors and constables on duty to compensate this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267203", "title": "Taylor Swift wrote 'All Too Well' about ex", "text": "Taylor Swift has reportedly written a song on her former boyfriend Jake Gyllenhaal , which will feature in her new album 'Red'.According to an insider, the 22 -year-old singer, who dated Gyllenhaal two years ago, asserted that her album- which includes the song \"All Too Well\" reflecting about their relationship, is very \"adventurous,\" Us Weekly reported.The singer asserted that writing for her song \"All Too Well\" was a tedious job.\" 'All Too Well' was the hardest to write because it took me a long time to filter through everything I wanted to say,\" Us magazine quoted Swift as telling in Good Morning America.\"It started out being a 10-minute song, which you can't put on an album. I had to filter it down to a story that could work in the form of a song,\" she said.The singer, who is famous for writing songs on her past relationships, has reportedly written the track on her 2010 Thanksgiving outing with Gyllenhaal, in which she also opens about spending the holiday at his sister Maggie Gyllenhaal's home in Brooklyn, N.Y.Apart from the Thanksgiving part, the singer also mentions about a mysterious black and white striped scarf both she and the 31-year-old wore during their courtship.\"Left my scarf there at your sister's house / And you still got it in your drawer,\" the newspaper quotes Swift's lyrics as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261126", "title": "Mamata Banerjee seeks CPM aid to corner government", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday appealed to arch-rival CPM and other political parties to support the Trinamool Congress' no-confidence motion in the Lok Sabha. Trinamool will move the motion on the first day of the winter session of Parliament.If the CPM moves a no-confidence motion, the Trinamool would support it, she said.Seeking support of the CPM, considered a political untouchable by Trinamool and her party colleagues, has intrigued analysts. Mamata's decision to move a no-confidence motion was an attempt to project a pro-people image of the Trinamool and score brownie points over the CPM, an analyst said.Mamata met her party MPs at the state secretariat to discuss the Trinamool's strategy in Parliament. While speaking to reporters, she named only the CPM and \"patriotic elements\" within the Congress while seeking support for her no-confidence motion against \"anti-people policies\" of the Centre. She said, \"The CPM may withdraw its no-confidence motion even after deciding to bring it. So, I have decided to bring the motion.\"Mamata seemed to believe she could walk across the political divide if an issue demanded concerted action. \"The Congress is dining with the BJP, no one finds fault in it. The Congress talks to the CPM, too,\" she said.Mamata, however, did not say if the Trinamool would support the CPM's motion that entail voting in Parliament against FDI in multi-brand retail. \"Some parties are demanding a discussion, under Rule 193 or under Rule 184. Some just want to move a resolution,\" she said, taking a dig at the CPM. \"Under these rules, voting can take place and the government can be censured, but it will not fall,\" Mamata said.Neither the Trinamool nor the CPM has sufficient strength in the Lok Sabha to bring down the government.The CPM has argued a resolution has a better chance of being passed than a no-confidence motion. The Congress will ensure help from allies like the Samajwadi Party and the BSP in case of a no-confidence motion.Mamata said she was also depending on support from MPs of some smaller parties who had turned against the UPA government. \"Like in the JP movement, everyone should unite in the interest of the country,\" said Mamata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265055", "title": "I'm bored of talking about love life, says R-Patz", "text": "Robert Pattinson has revealed that he is bored of talking about his love live.\"I'm kind of bored of everything,\" the Mirror quoted him as saying in the Lorraine Show.\"I mean it's just, the publicity aspect of doing movies, I've never been comfortable about it, it distracts you from what you're trying to do as an actor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17262078", "title": "Gujarat Parivartan Party brings businessmen to its fold", "text": "RAJKOT: In a move expected to yield good electoral returns, Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) has got some leading businessmen into its fold. President of Rajkot Chamber of Commerce and Industry (RSamir Shah joined the party at its Saurashtra zone sammelan here on Saturday, which is being seen as a major development.Welcoming him, GPP president Keshubhai Patel said, \"Generally businessmen fear to join a political party. We welcome Shah's decision to join GPP. His entry into our party will make a major difference among the business community.'' Shah is also the president of Saurashtra Oil Millers Association (SOMA), another powerful business entity of the region.Another businessman from Rajkot V P Vaishnav, who is the president of Rajkot Stock Exchange, joined the party at the GPP event. \"With businessmen joining its ranks, the party leaders want to convey that the GPP does not represent only the rural masses,\" a party source said.Besides, a large number of local leaders, particularly from BJP, across Saurashtra also joined the party ranks at the sammelan.In a major setback to the Rajkot district unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), an office-bearer Devshi Tadhani went on to join the GPP.A Leuva Patel, he is an influential leader in Rajkot district and his entry into the GPP is being seen as a significant development ahead of the assembly polls.Keshubhai Patel said that Tadhani's entry into his party will give a shock to the BJP in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260102", "title": "Road to Motera can be a sticky wicket", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While all roads will lead to Motera stadium on Sunday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where the India-England cricket Test is being played \u00e2\u20ac\u201d here is a warning for Amdavadis about the traffic perils that lurk en route. Be prepared for a vehicle crush complete with bullying car honks, two-wheelers that cut dangerously in front of you, and choicest abuses from those who get stuck in these jams. Start early if you want a convenient parking space and a hassle-free entry into the venue.Since the match began, on Thursday, traffic from Motera stadium road has been coming into conflict with the flow of regular commuters on Sabarmati road. \"We expect the usual traffic on Sabarmati road to be lean on Sunday,\" a senior traffic cop said. \"That will leave enough room for traffic streaming out of the Motera stadium. We have our fingers crossed.\"There are two parking zones for the venue \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one belonging to the stadium and the other designated by the traffic police at some distance from the stadium.Dinesh Parmar, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), told TOI that police had devised plans beforehand. \"We have made two diversions, one from Janpath T Junction and the other from Tapovan Circle,\" he said. \"Japnath Junction has been made one-way in mornings and evenings, and the entry of heavy vehicles from Tapovan and Visat petrol pump has been banned. We have deployed extra personnel on the route to facilitate the diversions.\"But commuters see other problems. \"There are no clear directions on the exit route,\" said Pratik Shah, a senior executive with an MNC bank. \"Vehicles are stopped almost 150 metres outside the stadium. One is not guided properly at the parking lot. It takes almost half an hour to park your vehicle and enter the stadium.\"As for the city traffic police, they have identified 15 traffic points from Visat to the stadium where the personnel will be deployed. A crane has also been kept ready to move vehicles from the road. Officials said that while the rush was evident, there has been no chaos.A senior police official stated that the series was proving to be net practice for the December extravaganza in which India will clash with Pakistan in a T20 match at Motera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260982", "title": "Campaign against child abuse from November 20", "text": "BHOPAL: A campaign on 'say no to child abuse' would be launched by a group of non-government organizations on November 20. The campaign has been initiated by Childline.This was informed at the first brainstorming session on combating child sexual abuse on Friday. Eight NGOs including Aadhar, Sangini, Bitiya Club, Prarthana, NIWCYD and Bachpan among others attended the session. It was attended by eight NGOs.Resource person Dr Rajendra Rajput gave a presentation on sexuality, abuse, its types and the prevention methods.Childline collab director Archana Sahay said, \"It was also decided that training of trainers (TOTs) should be carried out so that they can go back to the community and talk about the serious issue that is child sexual abuse.\"She also informed that a bike rally by students of BU and BSSS would be flagged off by SP south Anshuman Singh. Also a candle light march would be taken out from Childline office to Board Office to highlight the campaign against child sexual abuse. Dr Jagmeet Chawla, from Aadhar speaking on the occasion said, \"This should be made a mass movement and the issue should not kept under wraps. Every child should be made aware about good and bad touch as it would minimize the risk and vulnerability of children.\" This problem is affecting everyone universally and the more knowledge the children have the better protected they are.\"\"Besides, it is also important to listen to children and not dismiss if they complain about a particular person,\" she added.Sahay also said that the pamphlet to be released on the campaign was also finalized at the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261827", "title": "IIT-K contractual staffers call off strike", "text": "KANPUR: The agitating contractual employees of IIT-Kanpur, who had been relieved of their jobs by the manager of the company involved in managing the mess of IIT-Kanpur, have withdrawn the protest.In a meeting held between the management of the company and Karmachari Sangathan, the former decided to re-instate the 42 contractual workers out of 44. They will work in the mess of Hall V (hostel). The remaining two have been shifted to other hostel.Kaushal Kishore, a leader of Karmachari Sangathan said, \"We have taken back our protest as our demand has been met. Our colleagues have been re-instated and they would be joining their duties on Sunday morning. As many as 42 workers have been re-instated and two others will be shifted to other hostels.\"Kishore said that the manager of the company who had been accused of harassing the workers has been shifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17260083", "title": "Brass 'soops' replace bamboo ones to perform Chhath rituals", "text": "VARANASI: Brass soops, which had replaced those made of bamboo and sarai sticks in performing Chhath puja, come from Nepal to meet the requirement. Utensil makers and brass artisans point out that nearly half of the business of brass soops had shifted to Nepal in last five to six years.Abhishek, a shopkeeper of brass articles in Vishwanath Gali market, said that Nepal gives stiff competition to Varanasi as far as preparation and marketing of brass soops are concerned.\"The culture of metal soop started in Varanasi 20 years ago. People from Bihar used to purchase soop. In the past five years, the demand for metal soop started soaring up.The major demand of soop at Jaunpur, Ghazipur, adjoining villages and even nearby districts of Bihar is met at Varanasi, while Nepal supplies the brass soop in rest of the areas,\" Abhishek addd. Huge piles of brass soops and brass coated metal soops can be seen in markets of Vishwanath Gali, Kashipura and Thathery Bazaar.Soop is used for performing rituals to the Sun God during Chhath puja. Until a few years ago, only manually woven soops were used. The handmade soops of bamboo sticks are also used for winnowing. Dharmendra , a native of Chetganj engaged in weaving bamboo stick soops since last 40 years, said that generally there are two class of people engaged in this work.The first group are the ones who travel places and prepare usable articles out of bamboo sticks, leaves of taad and sarai on temporary basis and then they set off to a different area to showcase their skill and learn a living. The members of the other group are the permanent dwellers at Hukulganj, Alipur, Ramnagar, Sundarpur, Padav, Maldahiya and Lohta.The demand for traditional bamboo stick soops has decreased gradually. In fact market is flooded with metal soop. Ram Dulari, engaged in making bamboo soops at Chetganj, said the demand has fallen down to 50 per cent in last five years.\"The attractive looking metal soops are available for Rs 200 to Rs 400. These are durable and the bamboo soops do not last long. That is why many people are not buying bamboo stuff now. Earlier these soops were prepared on the outskirts and sold in the markets in the city, but now due to less demands in city, we are selling our products more in rural areas,\" Dulari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264678", "title": "Sakkare song shoot progressing", "text": "Golden Star Ganesh and Deepa Sannidhi starrer 'Sakkare' has almost completed its talkie portions shoot. Directed by Abhay Simha the songs of the film is being picturised. A song sequence is being shot in the new floor of the Kanteerava Studios where a special set has been erected. Harsha is the choreographer. This is a very vital song of the film for which Hari Krishna has composed music and Yogaraj Bhat has written the lyrics.The media had been called for covering the song sequence and a special press meet was also organised by the unit to share the information about the film. Besdies Ganesh, Deepa, Harsha, Abhay Simha, the two producers B.Suresha and Shylaja Nag were also present during the press meet. B.Subramanya is the co-producer of the film.Suresha also introduced a new writer called Suman Jadugar who has written the dialogues for the film. Suman was also present in the press meet. \"Now we are planning to shoot all the songs of the film in this schedule, said Suresh giving information that the talkie portions have been shot in Madikeri, Bengaluru, Mysore and other places. Our main strength is Ganesh, Deepa, Abhay's script and the combination of good technicians for this film. Anant Nag, Rajesh Nataranga, Vinaya Prasad, Anu Prabhakar and Achyuth Rao are part of the cast,\" said Suresha in his initial briefing.Director Abhay Sinha said that the title of the film Sakkare means sweetness of love. \"I am lucky enough to get the best team to work with. If you have good artists and technicians, then it would mean that you have won half the battle' he added.Golden Star Ganesh said that the film is a different type of romantic story. \"There are many type of love stories. But here the pattern is different. People are sure to notice the changes when the film gets released,\" said Ganesh.Deepa Sannidhi is working in her fourth film expressed her happiness to be working with a big star like Ganesh who had impressed her very much in Mungaru Male . \"The entire team is very good here. We are getting very good treatment. And I have the best role in the film. What more could I have asked for,\" said Deepa.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260627", "title": "Safe train movement in foggy season discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A meeting of the electrical department of North Central Railway was organised at Subedarganj on Saturday under the chairmanship of NCR GM Alok Johri for chalking out a strategy for safe movement of trains in winters.Addressing the meeting, Johri stressed on ensuring safe movement of trains in the foggy weather. He also laid emphasis on betterment of the maintenance system while sharing his experiences with the engineers regarding his long tenure. Chief electrical engineer A K Rawal gave instructions to the officers regarding smooth movement of the trains in the upcoming Maha Kumbh period and the current winter season. Lastly, chief electrical locomotive engineer Alok Gupta proposed a vote of thanks assuring the officers that the department would strive for safe running of trains and is ready to face the emerging challenges. During the meeting, chief electrical engineer Rawal, chief operating manager U K Singh, principal chief engineer Satish Kumar and many officers of various departments were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17262117", "title": "Police\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plaint redressal day gathers steam in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Over 120 complainants were given a patient hearing at the grievance redressal day that took place at all city police stations on Saturday.Since the past few weeks, the grievance redressal day has been getting satisfactory response across the city. Held every Saturday, the objective is to make people visit police stations, meet the concerned in-charge and put forth their problems.The implementation of the grievance redressal day began from July on a state government directive. Deputy commissioner of police D S Swami said while people have started coming to the police stations on this day, even cops have started calling up those who have lodged complaints in the past fortnight to hear the progress of their case.Officials said there are a number of non-cognizable cases registered at police stations and in most of cases there are no evidences against the accused. Thus, officials ensure that both parties are called at the same time to work out a solution. This reduces the opportunity for either party to say that the cops have been partial. The intervention in non-cognizable offences has many a times averted possible cognizable crimes.While the day is conducted by a senior police inspector, officers of the rank of deputy commissioner of police, assistant commissioner of police also visit some police stations. Police chief Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said the response is increasing.Cops said there have been instances when people have approached them over the issue of heaps of garbage lying in front of their residences and a phone call to the municipal corporation has left them satisfied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262009", "title": "Applicants queue up at RLA for VIP, preferred numbers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 250 people have applied for VIP and \"choice\" numbers of the new number series, CH01AQ at the Registration and Licencing Authority (RLA) in Chandigarh. The last day of booking is Tuesday, after which the authority will conduct auction of new series in the coming week.Authorities expect more than 500 registration numbers to be booked for auction. People interested in booking of preferred numbers are also pouring into the RLA office in Sector 17. RLA officer Deepak Kainth said, \"We have received around 250 applications for VIP and 'choice' numbers.Going by the number of queries we have received, we expect a huge crowd for booking.\" According to sources, pendency of registration certificates has been completed, which clears the way for issuance of new ones. \"After completing the process for registration like submission of files along with other papers, we will issue cards within three to four days,\" an officer said. The authority is coming up with 9,999 numbers in the new series.The authority earns around Rs 40 to 50 lakh from each auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17262853", "title": "'Eye on polls, politicos stoking communal fire'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Human rights activist Teesta Setalvad on Saturday called for tackling the root causes of communalism like clearing misrepresentations in history books rather than merely dealing with its consequences.Speaking at the seminar titled 'Atrocities against Minorities,' Setalvad said the present communal disturbance in the city was politically motivated and emphasised that people from all communities desire peace. According to her, the recent communal incidents like those in Assam , Faizabad in Uttar Pradesh and in Hyderabad are being created keeping in mind the 2014 polls.\"Fundamentalist forces are working round the clock to disrupt harmony. They can be contained only by striking at their roots. Misrepresentation of history in text books and delay in delivery of justice are some of the problems that can perpetuate communal problems,\" she said. Pointing to previous incidents of communal violence in the country, she opined that speedy justice can prevent riots in the future. \"Post-Babri riots may not have taken place had justice been done effectively and swiftly in the case of Delhi riots of 1984. Without delivery of speedy justice communal elements cannot be overcome.\"She also said that those who have an established record in communal riots or even those who face such allegations should not be given tickets by political parties. Winning in elections does not vindicate the stand of those who are responsible for communal riots, she added.The event was organized under the banner of CPM's Awaaz organisation. CPM members including ex-parliamentarian P Madhu accused the BJP and MIM of creating communal tensions in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264354", "title": "Piercing, inking trend goes up during festivals", "text": "Embellishments like body piercing and tattoos being the order of the day the youngsters are choosing auspicious occasion for the same. The recent festival season, saw a surge in this.Ruchi Agarwal, BA student from Banaras Hindu University is receiving compliments for the nose ring she is wearing these days. \"I always wanted to get my nose pierced since according to me it adds to ones femininity. Since it was a special occasion for me as nose piercing has a cultural connotation so I chose navratra which is considered auspicious and marks the beginning of festive occasion,\" she says.Similarly Pratima Choudhary, a young home maker is keen not only to get her nose pierced but also a tattoo made on her back. \"With lot of parties being scheduled during the next coming days and weeks so I want to look my best. A tattoo on the back really compliments all kinds of dresses for the party season, she says.Similarly a lot of festive packages offered by the gyms are attracting youngsters to tone their bodies to fit into the ethnic attire for the parties. Shree Radhey Khanduja a student from Allahabad has hit the gym in a big way.\"A lot of parties being lined up I wanted to put my best foot forward the reason I am working out these days,\" says the pretty lass.Confirming this trend is tattoo designer Prakhyat Asim. \"Getting inked has certainly gained popularity over some time .Nearly sixty percent of the youngsters in Varanasi have got some kind of body art done and the best time to sport this off course is Navratri and Deepawali with lot of parties being organised ,the tattoos certainly add to the look . The film stars are a great source of inspiration especially for the guys while choosing the design.The tribal tattoo being sported by John Abraham is a hot favourite among the boys . Neck and biceps are the most common areas for them while girls prefer butterflies, flowers inked on their midriff , lower back where it is tantalizingly half visible and parts of it is hidden,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261676", "title": "Ashram guru found dead in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Founder of an ashram was found dead on Saturday morning under mysterious circumstances in Sarojininagar area by one of his family members. Virendra Singh, 96, used to run Geeta Ashram located in Amausi area along with his aides.Singh, according to police, had his dinner in the night before sleeping but was found dead on his wooden cot by his ashram aides in the morning.The matter was reported to the police by Singh's grandson who suspected foul play in the matter. The locks of some of the trunks were found broken and some objects were missing from the ashram, hinting at burglary.There were a temple and a school run by a trust on the ashram premises. Police, however, felt it was not necessary to register the case as of murder. Post mortem report is likely to give more insight on the cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chidambaram", "code": "17261732", "title": "Annamalai University reopens on November 21", "text": "CHIDAMBARAM: Annamalai University, which was closed on November 10 for an indefinite period following a stand-off between the management and employees over a reported plan to cut jobs and salaries, will reopen on November 21.Registrar R Meenakshisundaram announced this after the university syndicate on Friday decided to put on hold austerity measures and approach the state government or financial institutions for funds to tide over the crisis. According to the university, classes for medicine, dental, BEd and MEd students and research scholars will begin on November 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267297", "title": "MJ's Hollywood friends preyed on his millions", "text": "Michael Jackson was ripped off for millions of dollars by the few Hollywood stars he called friends, including Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor , an explosive new book has revealed.According to author Randall Sullivan, Brando and Taylor both took the singer for lots of money while purporting to support him, the Daily Express reported.He claims that Brando demanded 600,000 pounds simply to record a 10-minute tribute video played at a concert in New York to celebrate Jackson's 30 years as a performer.More than 20,000 fans booed as the actor slurred his way through a scripted speech.Elizabeth Taylor, whom the singer described as his \"closest friend in the world,\" also demanded payment for defending him during his child molestation trial.Instead of a fee, she was rewarded with a 402,000-pound diamond necklace for recording a brief video message played on major US TV networks.Sullivan's book 'Untouchable: The Strange Life and Tragic Death of Michael Jackson ,' just published in America, also accuses family members of demanding cash to be filmed at his concerts.They vehemently deny this but Sullivan alleges that the singer even built a secret room at his Neverland Ranch where he hid when they tried to visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262048", "title": "Timely treatment can prevent amputation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's a terrible feeling when one gets to know that one's leg could have been saved from amputation but could not because he or she was a diabetic. It is not only a physical loss but is damaging, emotionally as well as financially. It is often said that a patient with a gangrened diabetic foot has to go through an amputation.\"Diabetic foot is one of the main reasons for diabetic patient admissions and has a very high morbidity and mortality. More than 95% of the surgeries for amputation can be prevented with proper education and timely treatment,\" said Dr Ravul Jindal, director, vascular surgery at a private hospital in Mohali.More than 100 diabetic patients of the Tricity had gathered on Saturday to attend a health session on \"Diabetes and its management,'' where Dr Jindal spoke on the subject. Jindal said, \"In the last two years, more than 200 patients came to our hospital and had to undergo a leg amputation due to diabetes and when they got to know that the amputation could have been avoided, and the leg saved, had they got the right information at the right time, they are shocked\".Talking about the number of these cases in the Tricity, the doctor said, \"There are 10-15 patients who visit us with a diabetic foot\". A sedentary lifestyle, lack of physical activity, obesity, stress and consumption of a diet rich in fat, sugar and calories, is responsible for the sharp increase in the diabetic population, Dr Jindal pointed out. Diabetes renders foot lesions more susceptible to gangrene. People from the lower strata of society and those living in rural areas run a high risk of losing their limbs due to lesions. Education plays a pivotal role in spreading awareness.Asking diabetics to be cautious in case of any kind of foot lesions, Dr Jindal said that even cases of fissures, abscesses, cellulite, ulcers, claw toes and Charcot's joints need to be watched carefully. \"Specialized treatment like angioplasty or bypass for arterial blockage is a major problem for diabetics. When done timely, it saves limb, and in some cases lives too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263093", "title": "Free dialysis project to be launched today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As part of the 87th birth day celebrations of Sathya Sai Baba , Thiruvananthapuram district unit of the Sri Sathya Sai Seva organization will launch a free dialysis project for the benefit of poor renal patients in the district. The project is being implemented with the help of Sri Sathya Sai Trust, Kerala and NIMS Medicity.\"We intend to provide free dialysis for 108 patients a month. As the first phase, 15 patients will be offered free treatment,\" said president of Thiruvananthapuram north district unit of the organization V Unnikrishnan. \"The project is conceived as a major service project as Baba had always stressed the need for giving medical aid to the poor and needy,\" he added.The needy patients will be identified by a scrutiny committee after examining all applications. \"Those who are interested to avail treatment can either email their request to unnisaitvm@yahoo.co.in or contact us over phone on 9447015369,\" said Unnikrishnan. The free dialysis project will be inaugurated by health minister V S Sivakumar at NIMS hospital at 10am on Sunday. Sathya Sai Seva state president Prof E Mukundan will preside. MLA R Selvaraj, tourism secretary Suman Billa and Noorul Islam University chancellor A P Majeed Khan will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261223", "title": "Huge rush at Kolkata clinics for 12.12.12 baby", "text": "KOLKATA: We saw this craze on 10.10.10 and also on 11.11.11. But this year is extra special because dates with such a sequence of numbers won't occur in nearly a century. So, operation theatres(OTs) at most private clinics are already overbooked on December 12, 2012 with would-be mothers choosing the unique date to deliver their babies.Gynaecologist Gautam Khastagir said he has been swamped with requests for deliveries on that date. \"But I am strict about one thing in such cases. The patient has to be at least 38 weeks pregnant for the child to be safe. I call this hysteria and nothing else, but if everything else is fine, I am giving in to the patient's request,\" he said, adding that December 12 would indeed be busy and he might end up delivering as many as 16 babies that day.Top private clinics like Bhagirathi Neotia Woman and Child Care Clinic , Belle Vue Clinic, CMRI or Woodlands are overbooked on that day and some have requested doctors not to book any more patients. If delivery statistics on December 12 are compared to that of a couple of days before and after, there is a more than 100% rise in numbers. Some clinics are even keeping aside OTs on that day only for deliveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261677", "title": "Maintenance of reservation system to hit ticket booking", "text": "LUCKNOW: Passengers might face some inconvenience in online booking of Railway tickets due to closing down of computerised passenger reservation system for maintenance and upgradation. The booking of reserved railway tickets will be stopped between 10.00 p.m. on Sunday (November 18) and 04.40 a.m. on Monday (November 19). \"Passengers queuing up at booking counters at the stations will not face any difficulty, as by the time the counters open, maintenance work would be over,\" said Neeraj Sharma, CPRO, Northern Railways. Passengers booking online tickets between the said period will face difficulties. While the maintenance and upgradation will affect the booking of reserved tickets, railway enquiry will function. People using 139 rail enquiry will be able to use the service without any hassles.On the other hand, in order to clear the extra rush of passengers, Railways will run one trip of a special train between Gorakhpur and Anand Vihar Terminal. Train number 05057 Gorakhpur-Anand Vihar Terminal festival special will depart from Gorakhpur on November 18 at 02.30 p.m. to reach Anand Vihar Terminal at 05.10 a.m. the next day. In the return direction, train number 05058 will depart from Anand Vihar Terminal on November 19 at 05.50 a.m. to reach Gorakhpur at 08.20 p.m. the same day.The train will consist of one AC II tier, three AC III tier, nine second class sleeper coaches, six general class coaches besides luggage vans. The train will stop at Ghaziabad, Moradabad, Lucknow, Barabanki, Gonda, Basti and Khalilabad stations enroute on both the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261829", "title": "UP bureaucrats sleep over CM's references", "text": "LUCKNOW: Does chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have a weak grip on the bureaucracy? The huge pendency of CM's references with the government departments may lend credence to the notion, especially at a time when there are talks of the Samajwadi Party government having 'more than one' power centre.In comparison, Akhilesh's predecessor Mayawati, said to keep bureaucracy on its toes, had a much better rate regarding disposal on such references.This information has come to fore through an RTI query filed by activist Urvashi Sharma. It shows that the number of public complaints, representations received from MLAs and politicians, memoranda, e-mails, public opinions and suggestions and reports, received at CM's office and forwarded to the departments concerned for action is piling up.In fact, the RTI reveals, that departments have disposed only a handful of these references, indicating that the bureaucracy is no longer as prompt as it was during the Maya regime.The Mayawati government had sent 79,086 references to the government departments between May 2007 and November 2009, and got them to act on 48,217 references.In contrast, Akhilesh government in its eight-month tenure has forwarded 94,773 references to the departments but action has been taken only on 3,964 references. So, while Mayawati got the bureaucracy to act on 60.96% public complaints and representatives, Akhilesh has managed a meager 4.18%.The departments that top the chart in non-disposal of references are home and confidential and prisons with 16,945 references pending for disposal at the level of principal secretary.The department has a tardy disposal rate of about 2.63%. Among the other laggards are the law department with a disposal rate of 0.24%, primary education 0.80%, secondary education 2.83%, medical, health and family welfare 1.70%, higher education 3.03%, social welfare 3.10%, agriculture 7.20%, forest 0.84%, estate department 0%, youth welfare 0%, environment 0% and technical education 4.14%.These departments are also the ones which have received maximum references from the CM office. The information provided to RTI activist Urvashi Sharma by CM office shows that law department received some 12,000 references between March and October 2012, primary education got 6,500 references and secondary education about 5,000 references for action.The others departments that have public dissatisfaction growing against them are civil and food supplies, housing, urban development, energy, rural development, PWD, social welfare, appointment and medical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263218", "title": "4-day fest begins with holy dip", "text": "RANCHI: Though Chhath is a Hindu festival, the cosmopolitan culture of the city makes people from all communities extend a helping hand to Chhath-vratis (devotees).The Raj Bhavan and the government fishery department have thrown open their ponds for devotees to offer prayers to the sun god. The pond opposite the Raj Bhavan is an extension of the governor house garden.It was converted into a green stretch called the Nakshtra Van almost a decade back. While the area was being beautified the people had wondered if the pond could still be used by them during Chhath. Taking note of this, the governor house had not only beautified the pond but also allowed devotees to use the waterbody for Chhath as they were doing for several years.Yet another popular Chhath spot is the pond owned by the department of fisheries in Doranda and Dhurva in Sector II. Since the pond is used regularly, it is clean and people like using it for taking the holy dip.Roads and alleys leading to the Ranchi Lake go through Muslim colonies of Mallah Toli and Hindpiri. Different socio-religious groups across both communities take extra care to ensure devotees are not inconvenienced during their journey.Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, who has been making the arrangements in these areas for more than two decades, said without the cooperation of local Muslim youths, the arrangements could not have been possible. \"They not only help us clean the streets and maintain cleanliness all through the festive period, but also come forward to install lights and decorate the area,\" he said.Khurshid Hasan Rumi of Muslim Majlis-e Mushawarat said during the festive days appeals are issued by socio-religious groups to extend cooperation to devotees.\"Those selling chicken and fish in colonies leading to the Ranchi Lake, ensure the place is clean,\" he said.Youths who can swim also keep vigil over ghats to avert accidents. Interestingly, offerings used in Chhath Puja are mostly sold by Muslims. Rumi said bamboo containers (soupe and daura) are procured in large numbers from artisans by traders so that there is no crisis during the festival. \"Most of the fruit-sellers are Muslims,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17261284", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNon-judicial members using judge\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s robes based on KAT chairman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s order\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOCHI: Non-judicial members of Kerala Administrative Tribunal (KAT) are using the robes worn by judges on the basis of an order issued by KAT's chairman, the tribunal's deputy registrar submitted before the Kerala high court.A copy of the order issued by justice K Balakrishnan Nair in December last year has also been produced before the high court.The order, which came into effect from December 22 last year, stipulates that members of KAT should wear robes as prescribed for judges of the high court of Kerala. The KAT chairman's order was produced before justice TR Ramachandran Nair while considering a petition challenging the use of robes worn by judges and advocates by non-judicial members of tribunals.The petition filed by advocate Basil Attipetty alleges that use of the gown and white collar, prescribed for judges and advocates, by non-judicial members of tribunals is illegal. The use of robes by persons other than judges and advocates is violates the provisions of the Advocates Act of 1961. The Supreme Court has also held that advocate's robes are prescribed only for accredited members of the legal profession, Basil contended.Along with the petition, copies of news photographs showing KAT's administrative members being sworn in while being attired in the gown and neck band of an advocate have also been produced before the court.Along with the petition, copies of biodata submitted by KAT's administrative members to the selection committee have also been produced before the court to prove that they haven't been advocates ever.The order, issued in December 2011, was produced before the court as it took up for hearing a plea that challenged the use of robes by those other than judges and advocates", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261905", "title": "Teachers being trained to counter man-animal conflict", "text": "KANPUR: Forest department in co-ordination with NGOs has begun an orientation programme for teachers to conserve wildlife, particularly in villages close to forests where the man-animal conflict or poaching is reported frequently. The orientation programme will be run under the Uttar Pradesh Participatory forest management and poverty alleviation project, which is being funded through a loan provided by the Japan International Cooperation Agency, JICA, which aims at restoring degraded forests, augmenting forest resources and improving livelihood for and empower the local forest dependent communities.\"We have carried out orientation programmes in Sohelwa and Katarniaghat sanctuaries in 'terai' belt and included 10 teachers each from these two forest divisions. The orientation session includes apprising teachers about the children's eco awareness programme, bio-diversity, mitigating man-animal conflict and how to implement anti-poaching operations,\" informed Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature. First session was held at Vananchal Vidyalaya in Bichiya which comes under the limits of Katarniaghat sanctuary and the response from teachers was overwhelming, he added.In the backdrop of increasing instances of man-animal conflict, the teachers have been asked to provide tips to children on how to avoid wild-animal attack. \"They have been asked to sleep within the four walls of the house, and always accompany elders while moving out, particularly in the night,\" said district forest officer Manish Mittal.There are tigers, leopards, hyenas, spotted-dears, jackals stalking both Sohelwa and Katarniaghat forestry divisions.According to officials, villagers spend sleepless nights to guard their crops, and mostly stay in open fields making them more vulnerable to attacks by wild animals.\"Not only the children, we have been asked to visit villages and spread awareness among the village adults too about the possible conflict with wild animals. We would tell them to either sleep inside their homes and create fences around their agricultural lands which may help them ward off the attacks,\" a teacher, who attended an orientation programme on conserving forest and wildlife said.Forest department authorities also stressed it was high time man learnt how to live in the vicinity of forests and conserve both wildlife and forests.For this, teachers and children have been asked to provide tips to forest authorities in case they come across poaching or any other anti-environment activities. \"They have been provided mobile phone numbers of forest personnel and other senior officials on which they can make emergency calls and inform about suspicious activities in their respective areas,\" a senior forest official said.District Forest Official P K Singh, said: \"We also recount a number of past experiences in the orientation sessions to make villagers and children understand that human beings are somehow responsible for the conflict. It is only when one disturbs their natural habitats that these wild animals are forced to react ending in the form of an attack.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260165", "title": "108 to pay tribute to road accident victims", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The GVK EMRI 108 will observe 'World day for Remembrance of Road Traffic Accident Victims' on Sunday evening at Civil Hospital by holding an event that will pay homage to the victims during 2012.Every year, the road traffic accident victims are remembered on November 18. Road accident, an unexpected and distressing event, more often than not leaves a long lasting and often permanent impact on victims and their families.\"Out of 33 lakh emergencies attended by 108 services in Gujarat in the past five years, more than 5 lakh cases handled were related to road traffic emergencies. Giving tribute to victims of road accidents, 108 is going to hold various activities with one message - 'I will not be responsible for any road accident and if there is any road accident, I will come forward, call 108 to help the victim and save a life.' We hope that the event will encourage citizens to help reduce road fatalities,\" said an EMRI official.The event at 6 pm will have Dr MM Prabhakar, superintendent, Civil Hospital, as chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17262564", "title": "China: Obama\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Myanmar trip not a threat to Beijing", "text": "BEIJING: China is downplaying the impact of US President Barack Obama's upcoming visit to Myanmar and upcoming discussion on the South China Sea dispute at the meeting of Association of Southeast Asian Nations in Cambodia. But it is clearly anxious about both.\"We believe the US is not here to threaten China, and China has no intention to pose a threat to the US,\" vice foreign minister Fu Ying said while discussing the US president's visit on Saturday.China on Saturday donated $50,000 for earthquake relief in northern Myanmar on top of $70,000 given by Chinese hydropower and oil companies in recent days.\"China and Myanmar are close friends ,\" Chinese ambassador Li Junhua said while presenting a cheque to the chief minister of Mandalay U Ye Miynt.Beijing's worries goes beyond US influence in Myanmar and involves its anxiety to keep the energy rich country from getting close to the government and oil companies of India. Beijing has been asking India to agree to a road project between the two countries via Myanmar. The entry of US and other Western countries into Myanmar may force Chinese leaders to look at its proposal in a new light, sources said.China is also anxious about the recent trip by Burmese opposition leader, Aung San Suu Kyi to India because it showed a strong emotional bond between the countries. The US recently lifted a nineyear ban on exports to Myanmar , a move bound to affect Chinese business and strategic interests in Myanmar China's Communist Party general secretary Xi Jinping , slated to be the next president, met Myanmar President U Thein Sein at a trade conference in China last September. The same month saw a surprise visit by US secretary of state Hilary Clinton to Myanmar resulting in China-US competition for wooing Burmese leaders.Beijing is also worried Asean countries would succeed in their efforts to rope in a third party for negotiating the South China dispute. China wants to limit the negotiations to bilateral levels.\"China and Asean countres have confidence that they can resolve these disputes peacefully,\" Fu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17262051", "title": "Gogoi gives Rs 20 lakh to boxer", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam government on Saturday gave awayRs 20 lakh to Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom for her excellent performance in the London Olympics.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi gave away the award to the boxer in a ceremony held at the Sarusajai stadium here. Gogoi also conferred the Chairman's Award of North Eastern Council to ace archer Jayanta Talukdar in the same function.Chief minister Gogoi said that Mary's feat at the Olympics is a matter of pride for the state. \"Whatever may be the field, one can excel only if he or she has dedication to achieve the target. Mary could make it to the Olympics only because of her sheer dedication,\" said Gogoi.Mary thanked chief minister Gogoi for extending assistance to her and expressed hope that sportspersons like her will get the much-needed support from him in the state.Lauding the sports infrastructure of Assam, Mary said there is no short-cut in sports. \"You have to work very hard to outshine others in today's competitive world,\" said Mary.Mary said she was not satisfied with her performance in the London Olympics and wants to clinch the gold medal for her country. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262267", "title": "More security in medical colleges", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government has decided to employ Home Guards and ex-servicemen as security in all the medical colleges in the state.Medical education minister S A Ramdas said this will help ensure discipline and improve their image. The minister said there were plans to recruit about 1,000 non-teaching faculty , including 600 staff nurses . The total recruitment planned is 3,500.He said the government was giving MRI and CT scan equipment to the eight medical colleges in the state. Meanwhile, the government has decided to implement common laws and bylaws for all the autonomous medical colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17260468", "title": "'People eager to know more about wine in India'", "text": "Young and petite Sovna Puri is beyond the awe that she elicits from those who meet her. Into a very niche profession of a sommelier or a wine taster, she is at present the marketing head of tasting and training at Sula Vineyards. A Nagpurian currently visiting her family in the city, Puri tells TOI that it is amazing to see the growing taste for wines among Indians.\"Nine years back, when I left India for my Masters in Hospitality Management in France, wine drinking was still in a nascent stage,\" says Puri, who graduated from Institute of Hotel Management in Dadar. Explaining how she discovered her love for wine, she says, \"When I was studying, the theoretical portions pertaining to wine always interested me. But in France, I met a sommelier for the first time and visited the vineyards there which educated me about the finer nuances.\" It was during her work tenure at a restaurant in London that she acquired practical knowledge. \"An Italian colleague there became my mentor. I learnt everything about wine and we also began pairing it with Indian food,\" says Puri, who later did an advance course in London at the Wine and Spirit Education Trust.Four years back, she returned to India. \"A lot of pretence and misconceptions surround the consumption of wine here. But people want to learn more about it,\" says Puri, who is now working as an educator of wines and conducts courses run by UK-based WSET, in Mumbai.\"Whisky continues to be the most preferred drink in India but wines are also gaining popularity,\" she says, and adds that the belief that wine is a healthier option is also making it popular. \"It is an antioxidant and is considered good for women. Had in moderation, it is good for men too,\" she says.Agreeing that serving and savouring wine needs certain prerequisites, Puri adds, \"It is important to understand your personal style and preferences to be able to select the right wine. The crystal in which wine is served is also important as it is the palate and the rim of a glass in which it is served that determines how it tastes.\" She finds white wines more suitable for pairing with Indian food. \"A slightly sweeter wine is considered perfect for foods which have strong flavours. But white wine comes in many styles so it matches better than red which is dry,\" she opines.Puri finds a certain curiosity factor around this drink in India. \"Wine lovers are eager to know more about the drink and adapt it to their tastes. I am getting calls from cities like Ludhiana, known for its whisky guzzlers, to conduct wine tasting sessions there,\" says Puri, who has also held sessions in Nagpur for the Wine and Cocktail Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262354", "title": "Palace Board will bid for royal carriage at Sotheby's", "text": "BANGALORE: A 200-year-old horse-drawn carriage belonging to the Mysore royal family and being auctioned by Sotheby's at Surrey, United Kingdom , on November 24, has caught the interest of the Mysore Palace Board. Officials of the Board are participating in the auction to bring back the carriage.But scion of Mysore's erstwhile royal family Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar said it is not worth the effort.Medical education minister and in-charge of Mysore district SA Ramdas said officials of the Mysore Palace Board, which is headed by the chief secretary, were leaving for the auction. He has also informed chief minister Jagadish Shettar about this through a letter.The rare artefact (227-C 1825 Indian State Carriage from the Maharaja of Mysore) is estimated to be worth around 70,000 pounds to 1 lakh pounds. It was used by the Mysore royal family and European royalty.\"It is important for our heritage . Our officials will bid for it and bring it back,'' the minister said. The carriage was used to transport Queen Victoria and Prince of Wales . It is thought to have last been used at Chamundi festival in 1927.Wadiyar told STOI: \"Just as there are hundreds of cars, there are hundreds of carriages and this is just one of them. It is not even the original carriage as the genuine ones are with me. There are 100 carriages in my palace stable.''\"If the government wants to buy the carriage, it will have to spend Rs 5-6 crore and will also have to pay the buyer's commission. Besides, it is not so easy to purchase it as one has to get a permit to buy antiques , followed by freight charges and insurance. This is a far-fetched idea. The carriages of Mysore Palace were made at the Palace, in Kolkata and some abroad. This carriage is not an important one,'' he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261189", "title": "Single mothers take offence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a picture of a cash memo that has \"single mom, sorry\" written in the space marked for tips going viral online, the single mothers in the city have condemned the act. Single moms are often considered to be struggling to meet expectations. However, what is despised by these mothers is the presumptuousness.Renowned theatre personality Rani Balbir Kaur, who has been separated for the past 30 years, says mocking single mothers as inefficient parent is childish. \"Single mothers are stronger and have more self-esteem than a couple. It is quite cheap to say a woman would ask concessions if she is a single mother.\" Rani has brought up her two daughters with her family's support. \"Being a single parent is not free from problems. It is difficult\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17261008", "title": "Bags' purchase in OFI under CBI scanner", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Bhopal , has registered a case to probe an alleged corruption in procurement of rubberised bags by the Ordnance Factory, Itarsi (OFI) authorities.Five OFI officers, including the then general manager are under scanner in the case.In 2007-2008, the OFI had allegedly procured sub-standard quality rubberised bags worth nearly Rs 2 crore from a Nagpur-based company, said sources.CBI's Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB), Bhopal, has taken over the case for investigation. When contacted, officers concerned refused to comment on the issue.More cases of corruption were reported from the OFI during the tenure of one senior officer in the same period.In one of the case reported in the performance audit report (2010-11) of ordnance factories, auditors had pointed out that the OFI allegedly gave an undue benefit to an Indore-based private firm while procuring 1558 tonne oleum (required at OFI to manufacture nitro-glycerine, nitrocellulose and nitroguinadine).The then officers allegedly benefited the firm by acceding to their request for acceptance of price variation clause, excise duty component and increased freight charges after opening tender and placement of order.The OFI issued a limited tender enquiry in December 2007 to eight firms for procurement of oleum.A board of enquiry was appointed to look into if there was a gross violation of the system of documentation in general manager's office as was found out. The officer concerned had not maintained any record of the receipt/dispatch of the fax quotation in the instant case, the audit report pointed out.The auditors reportedly found out that the entire pre and post-contract activities showed an inclination to favour a single vendor. The matter was referred to the Ministry of Defence for further action, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17261385", "title": "Kidney patient found abandoned, readmitted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a shocking incident, a 65-year-old kidney patient was forcibly discharged from Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) late on Friday and with his ailing wife he was found two km away from the hospital early Saturday morning. The patient was readmitted to the hospital by Saturday noon after a public outcry. The hospital has resumed his treatment, including dialysis.The patient, identified as Dhirath Singh, a native of Hyderabad, has been working with a stone crusher unit at Kangayam in Tirupur district for the last five years. Both Dhirath and his wife, Lakshmi, were homeless and they had no children. Lakshmi too worked at the stone crusher unit in Kangayam. Dhirath was admitted to Government hospital in Kangayam a month ago due to profuse bleeding. Doctors diagnosed that both his kidneys were damaged and referred him to CMCH. They sent him CMCH in a government ambulance. At CMCH, he underwent dialysis thrice and has been under the observation of senior doctor, V Prabhakar.On Friday, some hospital staff allegedly approached Dhirath and asked him to leave the hospital immediately. They told him that his condition was not curable. As per initial version of the couple, they were forced out of the hospital by a rude hospital staff who didn't issue even a discharge certificate. They waited the hospital for a few hours until a few passersby arranged an auto rickshaw to take them to the bus stand to help them catch a bus to Kangayam. The auto driver allegedly left the couple in an isolated stretch near Ratnapuri in the city. Both the husband and wife spend the chilly night on the pavement in the absence of any shelter.On Saturday morning, a few local residents intimated president of Eeram Nenjam an NGO that works in the health sector, P Mahendiran. He took the couple back to the hospital and got them readmitted. However, Lakshmi changed the version later in the evening by saying they left the hospital after getting proper discharge. She blamed a patient in the next bed in hospital for giving a false promise of arranging a house on rent to stay. They were left abandoned in Ratnapuri after the house owner refused to give the house on rent citing his ill health, she said. She also claimed they were treated fairly well by the hospital authorities and there was no ill treatment from the staff.However, Mahendiran told TOI that he found Dhirath in a precarious situation in Ratnapuri, without even the urinary tube removed after the 'discharge'. \"If they had been discharged after due process, how was the tube found on his body? Dhirath was forced to leave the hospital by the staff,'' he alleged.Resident medical officer, CMCH, P Sivaprakasam denied the allegation that the hospital staff was insensitive about the patient's health condition. \"He was discharged on completion of the treatment. They never told us that they were homeless and had nowhere to go. If they had informed us, we could have arranged them a shelter with the help of government or NGOs. For any further treatment, they have to produce ration card or nativity certificate. They had no such documents. Hearing about their plight, we have arranged an ambulance to take them back to the hospital,'' he said. \"We have decided to continue the treatment for him till his condition improves and alternative arrangements would be made thereafter,'' he said. Lakshmi is also suffering from a kidney ailment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260407", "title": "At 10.2 degrees, city experiences record-breaking temp dip for the third consecutive day", "text": "NAGPUR: This November has been the coldest in more than a decade's time with minimum temperatures dipping to record-breaking limits since the last three days. On the wee hours of Saturday temperature dipped as low as 10.2 degrees on the Celsius scale.A day ago, the temperature fell down to 10.6 degrees, which became the lowest November temperature of the city in a decade. Two days ago, on Thursday night, the temperature of the city went down to 11 degrees which was the lowest dip in mercury since 2008 when the lowest temperature for the month was 10.6 degrees. This phenomenon is not just limited to the city, almost the whole of Central India is now reeling under a cold wave. The lowest temperature in the month of November that has been experienced in Nagpur was in the year 1912. On November 30 that year, the minimum temperature of the city was 6.7 degrees. The lowest temperature ever experienced in the city was 3.9 degrees on January 7, 1937.\"Cold wave condition is prevailing in almost the whole of Central India including parts of Madhya Pradesh , Vidarbha and Chhattisgarh. If strong winds continue to blow for the next day or two, the whole region will be covered by this wave. Also a low pressure area is developing over Bay of Bengal bringing rains to parts of Odisha,\" said an official of the regional met department.If it rains in Odisha within the next couple of days, temperature in the region may rise slightly because of the resulting cloud cover, he added. For the next two days, however, the department forecasts a clear sky and dry weather with both the maximum and minimum temperatures around the same as it was on Friday.Most places of the region showed a minimum temperature that was around 5 degrees less than the normal. Ambikapur in Chhattisgarh was the coldest place in Central India with its minimum temperature for the day being 8 degrees. Vidarbha's lowest minimum temperature was 8.6 degrees that was recorded at Yavatmal, around 9 degrees below normal.Yavatmal also had the lowest maximum temperature for the day at 28 degrees, followed closely by Gondia at 28.1 degrees and Amravati at 28.2 degrees. The maximum temperatures of most places in the region also slipped a couple of degrees below the normal mark. The maximum temperature of the region for the day was Akola at 31.1 degrees. The maximum temperature in the region was at least a degree below normal at most places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17262030", "title": "Trichy prison raided, mobiles, cash seized", "text": "TRICHY: A surprise raid at Trichy central prison in the early morning of Saturday once again showed that smuggling of mobile phones inside is still rampant. The smuggling of phones seems unstoppable though the jail authorities claim to have intensified vigil. A team of police officials seized mobile phones and accessories as well as cash in the prison premises during the raid.Even though it was said to be a routine check, it was the first time in recent times that a large number of local police and a team from Chennai were involved in a surprise raid. Normally, a small team of policemen take up a search on a monthly basis. However, these regular check did not seem to be deterrents. However, this time, the order for the search came from the prison headquarters in Chennai.The police team comprising deputy commissioner (DCP) S Selvakumar , two assistant commissioners, 16 police inspectors and 64 policemen in other ranks apart from the deputy superintendent of police, (vigilance) for prisons, Hari, stormed the Trichy central prison at 5.30 am. They searched almost every part of the prison to check for contraband, mobile phones and cash. As many as 1,700 prisoners are lodged in the prison. Most of them were frisked by the police. The raid continued till 8 am. DIG (prisons) R Duraisamy and Trichy jail superintendent K Sundarraj were also present.During the search, the police seized two mobile phones, three SIM cards, one memory card and Rs 36,580 cash from the 6th and 7th block of the prison, prisoners and trees in the premises.Selvakumar told TOI that the search was limited to two hours. All the seized things have been handed over to the prison authorities for further action. Action will be taken based on their decision.Commenting on the issue, jail superintendent K Sundararaj told TOI, \"We have strengthened our security to prevent smuggling of mobile phones. But prisoners manage to smuggle contraband to prison when they return from court proceedings. Usually, the prisoners hide mobile phones and cash in the rectum and take it to prison. Recently, we found two mobile phones which were hidden in the rectums of the prisoners.\" Despite such action, the smuggling of contraband is also prevalent, raising questions over the integrity of jail guards. Sources told TOI that the contraband were smuggled while bringing in vegetables and groceries to the canteen inside the prison. Sundararaj said, \"There is a possibility that some jail guards may be the black sheep. Vegetables and groceries are allowed only after thorough checking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17259969", "title": "'Mess' at IIT-K: Sacked workers go on stir against administration", "text": "KANPUR: The contractual employees working in the mess of Hall V in the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IIT-K) on Friday launched an agitation against its administration and the manager of Kanika Foods which had fired several mess workers from their job on Thursday.The contractual employees sat on a dharna outside Hall V, a students' hostel and demanded reinstatement of the employees that have been relieved. Kanika Foods had been given the contract for managing the mess in Hall V by the IIT-Kanpur administration. According to the employees' leaders, nearly 45 contractual workers have been given the pink slip by the private food company.Talking to TOI, Kaushal Kishore, the employees' leader said, \"If our demand for reinstating the workers is not met, the contractual employees of all the 12 hostels will sit on dharna to protest against their harrassment at the hands of Kanika Foods and IIT-Kanpur administration.\"Kaushal Kishore said a meeting with Dr SN Singh, chairman, Warden of Council was held during the morning hours but it remained inconclusive. The employees' leader added that the contractual workers working in Hall V were relieved from the job without being served any notice. Also, no reason was given by the management of Kanika foods for removing them from their job, Kishore said.The leader of the employees working on IIT-Kanpur campus alleged that Kanika Foods had been paying the contractual workers lesser salary than the scale at which they had signed up. \"We know that the students are busy with their exams these days so we do not want to paralyse the functioning of the mess, but if the administration of the institute sides with the food company and does not reinstate the contractual employees, we will be forced to widen the sphere of the ongoing protest,\" said Kaushal Kishore further.Kishore said the food company given the contract of managing mess of Hall V has roped in 36 new employees for running the mess which is not acceptable. The employee leader said the manager of the food company is absconding and accused him of getting the contractual employees beaten up by private security guards manning the IIT-Kanpur campus. He said every time an employee raised his voice against the harassment and irregularities, they were threatened.Dr SN Singh, chairman, Warden of Council was not available for comment.Earlier on Thursday, a contractual employee named Mahaveer Shukla had tried to immolate himself alleging harassment at the hands of manager of the firm, Vidyadhar Mohanti. His attempt was foiled by the IIT-K guards and he was handed over to Kalyanpur police. His colleagues had gheraoed the police station after which Shukla was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261404", "title": "Railways running special trains", "text": "PATNA: In order to clear the rush of passengers in the wake of Chhath festival, railways is running several pairs of special trains from different places falling under East Central Railway (ECR) jurisdiction.These special trains are running between Patna - Delhi, Barauni - Delhi, Patna- Indore, Saharsa - Ranchi and Rajendra Nagar Terminal - New Tinsukhia routes.Patna - Anand Vihar (Delhi) 03209 is running with LHB coaches while Barauni - Delhi special train (04029) is also running for the benefit of passengers.Similarly, Saharsa - Ranchi (08623) and Rajendra Nagar Terminal - Tinsuskhia (03282) special trains are also running as special super fast trains.Berths are available in AC -3, sleeper and general classes in these special trains, ECR CPRO Amitabh Prabhakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata/howrah", "code": "17261970", "title": "Accident chokes Vidyasagar Setu", "text": "KOLKATA/HOWRAH: A trailer accident on the southern flank of second Hooghly bridge (Vidyasagar Setu) left parts of central and west Kolkata choked for more than 12 hours on Saturday. The situation worsened with Howrah bridge being taken over by those heading for the CPM rally in the afternoon. Traffic situation returned to normal only after the city police removed the trailers in the evening.At 4.20am on Saturday, two Durgapur Expressway-bound trailers were moving towards Howrah when the second trailer rammed the rear of the first one. The collision led the first 25-feet long trailer to keel over. The second trailer soon followed suit.With the trailers blocking the southern flank of the Vidyasagar Setu, used by Howrah-bound vehicles, traffic came to a complete halt.While vehicles queued up on the bridge, it took hours to arrange for three cranes to lift the trailers and make way for the cars. However, the cranes were found to be too small in comparison to the trailers. Two more cranes were hence brought from Howrah, but to no avail. Police found it nearly impossible to put the trailers back on their wheels. Reinstating the displaced containers was a bigger struggle.As a damage control method, traffic police started using the northern flank for both-way movement of traffic on the bridge. The city administration also allowed goods vehicles to move along the Howrah bridge (Rabindra Setu). Restricted movement left a large area of Kolkata and Howrah choked.Khidderpore, Mominpore, Alipore, DH Road, Garden Reach Road, Esplanade and Dalhousie were the worst affected with traffic coming to a standstill for hours. Worse, the Left Front rally at Rani Rashmoni Avenue threw traffic out of gear in the central business district.A giant gas cutter to dissemble the engine from the trailer was brought in. \"The trailer was so huge that we felt technically deficient to put it back,\" said an officer. The Kolkata Port Trust engineers came to their rescue and a special crane came to put the goods container back on the trailer. The containers were removed at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261499", "title": "'Special buses' to clear Chhath rush", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Road Transport Corporation (BSRTC) as well as private bus operators have been plying 'festival special buses' on several routes in the state to facilitate movement of Chhath devotees and their relatives.BSRTC has launched 22 'festival special buses' that are running on 13 routes in the state. These buses will continue to ply till November 30, a senior BSRTC official said and added the routes included Patna to Kunhauli (two buses), Motihari to Raxaul (one bus), Patna to Sitamarhi (one bus), Sitamarhi to Bettiah (one bus), Patna-Patna City round service (one bus), Patna to Laheriasarai (four buses), Patna to Nawada (one bus), Jamui to Nawada (four buses), Patna to Kishanganj (two buses), Patna to Samastipur (one bus), Purnia to Bhagalpur (one bus), Bhagalpur to Rauta in Saharsa (one bus) and Darbhanga to Patna (two buses).\"For intercity buses, only individual bookings are accepted at the respective bus depots,\" the BSRTC official said adding a whole bus could be booked by individuals for local transportation.Eden Transport, which plies intra and intercity buses in the state, has launched 15 additional buses for this festive season. According to Eden Transport's chief operating officer Kunal Sharma, his firm has permits to run buses only from Patna to Chhapra and Patna to Siwan and they have increased the frequency of buses on the two routes from 30 to 45 every day. This arrangement will also remain in place till November 30. However, the fare has not been increased.Meanwhile, Danapur's Devendra Jha has booked a mini bus for the movement of his family to the ghat and back. \"My family has been going to Kali Ghat to offer 'arghya' to Sun god every Chhath for decades. It is kind of a tradition in my family to go to Kali Ghat for Chhath. Since ours is a joint family with as many as six women observing fast, we decided to book a bus for the transportation,\" Jha told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262245", "title": "As Marshal returns, so does hope for Maxy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Having lost both his beloved dogs from his farmhouse at Basant Avenue, Rajiv Gulati was in distress since Friday morning. But hope returned when he found one of the two pets, Marshal, a St Bernard. While Marshal was found just before being sold, seven-month-old German shepherd Maxy is still missing.The Model Town resident, who is a builder and owns a chain of educational institutions, said the dogs went missing on Friday morning around 4am. \"Whenever I come to the farmhouse, they rush towards the gate and greet me with wagging tails. My watchman informed me about their absence on Friday morning, and I, told the personnel at Basant Avenue police post.\"It was Rajiv's milkman who helped him spot Marshal. \"He said he had seen my dog at an enclave near Daad village. I took him along and we came to know that someone had shifted the dog to Phullanwal. We recovered Marshal from a person who was about to sell him. Ever since he has returned, Marshal has been sleeping after eating his food. I am worried about Maxy,\" he said.Rajiv said he is still not convinced if the man who had Marshal does not have Maxy too in his custody. \"I think even Maxy is with him and we are keeping a watch to spot my dog,\" said Rajiv. Davinder Singh , in charge of Basant Avenue police post said, \"We were informed only over the phone and are yet to get a written compliant. However, we know that one dog has been found.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261216", "title": "24x7 supply to industry, housing societies on cards?", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Power Distribution Corporation (HPDC) now plans to supply round-the-clock power through reliability feeders to industrial consumers and group housing societies in Gurgaon and other district.The chairman and managing director, HPDC, Devender Singh said that the consumers would be charged Rs. 2 to 2.50 per unit extra for switching over to the proposed reliability feeder system. Singh said that the final decision of the pricing would be placed before the Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC) shortly.The proposed reliability feeder scheme is likely to be lapped up by several housing colonies in Gurgaon where residents are tired of power cuts.There is no exact timeline drawn for the launch of the new scheme at present. Singh said that the discoms have drawn a plan to supply more power to all categories of consumers daily.He said that the power supply hours have been linked with the losses. \"The areas having minimum losses would be given extra power. And the rural feeders having 25% or less losses would be supplied power on the urban mode,\" said Singh. In the new scheme the villages will also be given the option of switching over to the urban power mode for cutting down power losses. \"The villages will be required to have 100% connections and go for shifting of meters outside the consumer premises. The discoms would increase supply hours in proportion to reduction of losses on that particular feeder,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261224", "title": "Overhead cable fire near petrol pump", "text": "GURGAON: An overhead insulated electric cable, usually claimed by discom officials to be 'tamper-proof', caught fire close to a petrol pump on Friday evening but prompt action by police averted untoward incidents.Police halted traffic movement on NH-8 near Manesar police station. They also called up the fire brigade, which brought the blaze under control.According to eyewitnesses, an employee of Maitri Motors petrol pump noticed a spark in an overhead insulated power cable in front of the petrol pump. He quickly alerted the staff of the petrol pump and informed the police and fire station.Cops of Manesar police station reached the spot immediately and stopped the traffic movement from Manesar to Gurgaon on NH-8. This in turn led to a traffic jam on NH-8.Within minutes firefighters reached the spot and brought the blaze under control. \"This is not the first such fire incident in the city. There were two similar and major incidents in recent times but the electricity department doesn't seem to care,\" an eyewitness said.The passerby added that the department was not even able to avert the theft of electricity.Meanwhile a police officer said it was a close call. \"We want the electricity department to do its bit on the safety front. Our police team managed to control the traffic movement and a possibly huge accident was averted given the fact that the petrol pump was so near the burning cable,\" the officer said. No electricity department official was available for comment on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17261004", "title": "Notice to 538 companies for bio-resources illegal collection", "text": "BHOPAL: The state bio-diversity board has issued notices to 538 companies involved in 'illegal' collection of bio-resources, especially medicinal plants, for commercial utilization.Collection and transportation of plants of medicinal, nutritional or cosmetic values in bio-rich districts of the state continue on a big scale. At a conservative estimate, the illegal \"practice' is making biodiversity management committees across the state poorer by Rs 50 crore annually, said a source in the state bio-diversity board.\"Most of the companies are ignorant of rules. Initially, we are trying to create awareness about the rules and regulations. Action would be taken in the second phase, if they continue flouting norms,\" said D P Tiwari, board's state coordinator.Notices were served under Section 7 and Section 24(1) of Biodiversity Act 2002 and Section 17 of MP Biodiversity Rules 2004, which says, \"No person, association or organization which is registered in India or abroad, shall obtain any biological resources for commercial utilization or bio-survey and bio-utilisation for commercial utilization except after giving prior intimation to the state biodiversity board.\"Local people and communities of the area, including growers and cultivators of biodiversity, and hakeems, who have been practicing indigenous medicine, are exempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17260857", "title": "Boy abducted, killed in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 15-year-old boy was allegedly killed by his elder brother's friend and his uncle in a botched-up kidnapping attempt in Ghaziabad. The victim Rahul Kumar, a Class IX student, was killed a day after he was kidnapped by his elder brother's friend Mohit Yadav, and Arvind, Mohit's uncle, said cops.The accused, who have been arrested, had waited almost a month before demanding Rs 10 lakh as ransom from the victim's family, behaving normally in the meantime and even dining with the family, cops added.The duo allegedly kidnapped Rahul on the pretext of taking him out to watch Ramlila on October 22 and killed him at night. Police said the kidnapping was carried out mainly for ransom, but the two ended up killing the boy for fear of being identified. Though the victim's body was recovered the very next day, police were unable to identify him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "17262293", "title": "Parenting tips to raise smart kids", "text": "DUGRI: All parents need a little advice now and then. Keeping this in mind a workshop \" Smart kids in 21st century\" was organized for parents by Ryan International School, Dugri, on Saturday. Internationally-trained psychometrician from UK, Madhu Sharma, conducted the workshop.For the parents, the workshop was a wonderful insight in to parenting methods. Sharma educated the parents about graceful methods of upbringing children with an aim to make them successful citizens and help them carve a niche for themselves in the world. Sharma also told the parent about various reinforcement methods like appreciation as a tool to build self-esteem and developing social skills by allowing the child to be a part of the decision-making process, among others. Headmistress Ritu Sayal said the workshop was conducted to heighten the awareness of parents and in turn encourage complete development of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262223", "title": "Watch out for trees on roads!", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana may be an industrial city with all the pitfalls expected from such a place. But even though residents would love to have more greenery around them, they don't appreciate it just about anywhere on busy roads. That is the scenario on many city roads as of now.Residents said the haphazard location of several trees on roads heightens the risk of accidents, especially at night. Trees can be seen growing in the way of traffic on the road between Bharat Nagar Chowk and the Bus Stand, Bhai Waala Chowk to Aarti Chowk along Ferozepur Road and Pakhowal Road from Bhai Waala Chowk up to Hero Bakery Chowk.The nature of these roads is such that unplanned growth of trees can put commuters at serious risk. Ajeet Singh, a businessman of Model Town said, \"I was driving from Bharat Nagar Chowk to the bus stand one monsoon night when I suddenly saw a tree right in my path near the ESIC hospital. I jammed on the breaks but even a moment's delay could have cost me my life. MC authorities should do something about these trees.\"The situation puts residents on the horns of a dilemma. They want the clean air that only greenery can ensure but they don't want accident cases to go up. Jasmeet Kaur, a homemaker from BRS Nagar, said, \"There are trees well within the road from Bhai Waala Chowk to Aarti Chowk. Commuters have been at risk for a long time and authorities have not been able to solve the problem. They need to fell the trees which disrupt traffic and plant 10 times the number of trees felled so that the environment does not suffer.\"Gaurav Jain, a student from Civil Lines, echoed Jasmeet's views. He conceded that felling of trees is the last thing Ludhiana needs, but considering the risk involved, it has to be done. \"Authorities must ensure they plant saplings on the roadsides to make up for the trees felled. They should also ensure they take proper care of the saplings,\" Gaurav suggested.Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria voiced his agreement with popular sentiment. \"Very soon we will cut the trees which are posing a threat to the lives of commuters. We also plan to plant 10 saplings for one tree felled by the MC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260080", "title": "Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University's 'Techmart' to begin on Nov 20", "text": "KANPUR: 'Techmart', the two-day annual technical festival of Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University will commence on November 20.This year, 24 events will be held during the technical fest which will be inaugurated by Prof Ashok Kumar, vice chancellor, CSJMU.Tthe special guest for the occasion would be Prof NY Vyas of Mechanical Engineering Department of IIT-Kanpur.At a press conference held on CSJMU campus on Friday, Prof Ashok Kumar said various technical events including Robotics, Junkyard, Robowars, Nirman, Career Buzz, Junkwar, Ad War, Think-N-Ink, Mega Structure, Rocket War, I Plane, Source Tangle, Brainstorming would be held at the fest.The students of University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) who are playing host to the annual event will also be taking part in the technical festival. Arpita Yadav, director, UIET, faculty members Parul Awasthi, Abhishek Chandra, Alok Kumar along with student co-ordinators of the fest, Akansha Mohan, Shruti Dubey, Priya Srivastava, Lalit Pal, Shivam Bajpai, Abhishek Asthana were also present during the press conference.The students informed that a new event named T-20 Chess would be held during Techmart. They said winners of different events would be given away prizes on the last day of the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17265764", "title": "Mumbai remains shut following Thackeray's death", "text": "MUMBAI: With Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's body being taken to Shivaji Park in central Mumbai for last rites, the city wore a deserted look as taxis as autorickshaws and private vehicles remained off the roads and shops and other commercial establishments chose to down their shutters.Even as people thronged to catch a glimpse of the Sena patriarch and pay homage to him, shops, restaurants, hotels, theatres, malls and other commercial establishments remained shut and private vehicles, taxis, autorickshaws remained off the roads. Medical shops in the city as well as in neighbouring Thane were also closed.Citizens also found it difficult to get milk and vegetables. \"We did not get milk this morning and even the vegetable market is shut. I have never come across such silence in the city in my life ever,\" said Rama Arolla (50), a housewife from BDD chawl in Worli area.About 20,000 police personnel are keeping a strict vigil in the metropolis to maintain law and order. \"No violence has been reported in the city so far,\" a police officer said.\"Nobody has been asked to shut their shops or malls. Everybody closed their shops voluntarily. Autorickshaws and taxis also voluntarily stopped plying on the roads,\" the officer added.Except civic body's BEST buses and suburban railways, no transport is available for the commuters.\"BEST and suburban railways are running additional buses and trains for people's convenience,\" a railway official said.While the entire state has been put on alert, in Mumbai alone, over 20,000 city police, 15 companies of the state reserve police force and three contingents of Rapid Action Force have been deployed.\"I appeal to people to remain calm and maintain law and order. Citizens should step out of the houses only if it is urgent.\" City Police commissioner Satyapal Singh said.Appropriate arrangements have been made at the Shivaji Park, where VIPs are also expected to reach to pay homage, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261510", "title": "Driving school instructor assaulted, car stolen", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-member gang stole a driving school instructor's car at knifepoint after flagging down the vehicle at Porur on Friday night.Police said Krishnamurthy, 45, who runs a driving school in Vellore and is a broker at the regional transport office there, was driving to Chennai in his chocolate SUV when three men flagged down the car around 10.30pm in front of the Sri Ramachandra Medical College and Hospital. They requested him to drop them at Koyambedu bus terminus.Krishnamurthy told them he was on his way to meet his relative Kannan, who was ill, and said he would drop them at the Porur junction.One of them got into the front seat and the others sat in the back. As the car began moving, the person sittting beside Krishnamurthy asked him to stop the vehicle. The driving school instructor initially refused but stopped after the person pulled out a knife. Krishnamurthy was dragged to the back seat and one of the men drove the car towards Maduravoyal. They parked the car on the road side near MGR Deemed University and one of the accused stabbed Krishnamurthy on the shoulder and slashed his cheek. Another man sitting behind opened the door and the two threw Krishnamurthy out and drove away.A few people on the road who witnessed the incident immediately informed the police helpline. A police patrol team reached the spot and Krishnamurthy was admitted to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH).The SRMC police, based on Krishnamurthy's complaint, registered a complaint of kidnapping and theft against the three men who were said to be around 30-year-old and looked like students.Police checked with Krishnamurthy's relative Kannan and found he was hale and hearty.\"There are some unsolved knots in the complainant's version. We now wonder if the incident actually happened or if the complainant cooked up a story,\" an investigation officer said.Preliminary inquiries revealed that on some state highways, particularly near bridges, a gang of transgenders are known to target lorry and truck drivers. \"We are also inquiring into that angle,\" the police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261700", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcThuppakki\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 producer meets city top cop", "text": "CHENNAI: The producer of the Vijay-starrer 'Thuppakki' on Saturday met police commissioner S George and said that the portions in the movie that some Muslim organizations had taken objection to had been deleted.Producer Kalaipuli S Thanu Thanu and Vijay's father S A Chandrasekar clarified that the cuts had been made to avoid further controversies.Addressing the media later, Thanu said, \"We didn't want to hurt anyone's sentiments. Based on the requests made, we have removed the objectionable portions and the altered film will be shown in all theatres.\"'Thuppakki' had earlier run into trouble when some posters showing Vijay smoking drew criticism from various quarters. There was another controversy when an upcoming director claimed that he registered 'Kalla Thuppakki' as the title for his film a few years ago and using a similar title for the Vijay-starrer was illegal.After those hurdles were cleared and the film was released, some Muslim organizations took objection saying some portions hurt their community. Some of them even lodged a police complaint against the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262355", "title": "Rowdy chased, bludgeoned to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A history-sheeter was chased, stabbed and bludgeoned to death in full public view in JC Nagar 21st main, Kurubarahalli in Mahalakshmi Layout on Saturday morning.A group of three to four assailants , who came in motorcycles and had masked their faces, attacked 25-year-old Karthik alias Lodde using machetes , knives and choppers.Eyewitnesses said the assailants had worn monkey caps and their mobikes bore no number plates. They said they first heard a shout and saw Karthik running in the area at around 9 am. \"First they repeatedly stabbed him in the stomach. When Karthik fell down, they bludgeoned him to death,\" passersby said.A resident of JC Nagar in Kurubarahalli, Karthik was a school dropout. He worked as mason before turning into an anti-social element, Mahalakshmi Layout police said.\"Karthik was facing many criminal charges. He was prime accused in two murder cases,\" police said.Assailants cooked bird meatPolice came across signs of bird meat cooked in the area where the assailants were on the prowl. They had apparently cooked chicken and pigeon. \"Feathers and bones were seen at the spot where the arms were recovered. Locals said they had seen them spending the night here,\" police added.Planned attack?Preliminary police investigations revealed that the assailants were well prepared for the attack. \"We recovered machetes, knives and choppers that were hidden in nearby roads. The killers had closely monitored Karthik's movements and then attacked,\" police said.17-year-old boy killed in JP NagarA17-year-old youth was stabbed to death in Doreswamy Palya, Bannerghatta Road in JP Nagar. The victim has been identified as Chandra Shekar, resident of JP Nagar 6th phase. A mechanic by profession, Chandra Shekar had disputes with many of his friends over sharing Ganesh festival fund, sources said. \"He regularly visited a hotel here. The stabbing took place near the hotel at around 11.30 pm,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17262656", "title": "Court refuses stay to Doordarshan", "text": "PANCHKULA: A local court in Panchkula, on Saturday, refused to grant stay to Doordarshan news channel against orders of a subordinate court of Panchkula district, which had restrained the news channel from using a tricolour strip at the bottom of the screen.Additional district and sessions judge Sanjay Sandhir has passed these orders after hearing an appeal preferred by Prasar Bharati. On September 19 after taking cognizance of a petition filed by a 12-year-old Panchkula resident, judicial magistrate Panchkula Saurabh Gosain had stayed the use of tricolour strip at the bottom of the screen by Doordarshan till pendency of the present petition.Aggrieved from the orders, Prasar Bharati, which runs Doordarshan news channel, had moved the Punjab and Haryana high court seeking stay orders. However, HC dismissed their appeal and asked Prasar Bharati to first approach additional district and sessions court in Panchkula for appeal.Petitioner Deepanshu Bansal, a Class-VIII student of DAV Public School, Surajpur, had moved the court for restraining the channel from using tricolour strip in a disrespectful manner. According to the petitioner, by using the tricolour strip, the channel is liable to be punished under Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act, 1971. He also appealed for action against officials of the channel and sought directions to abide by the national flag code.The boy informed the court that it was while watching television that he saw the tricolour being used in the form of a strip at the bottom of the screen. The next hearing of the case is on November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261383", "title": "Autistic boy has day for every date", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sunil Seth barely makes an eye contact and finds it difficult to perform his daily chores on his own. But the 14-year-old, a student of School for the Mentally Retarded in Bargarh, has a special gift. Give him any date on the calendar and Sunil will instantly tell you the corresponding day 10 years ago as well as in the future.Sunil's classmates and teachers say the boy has not failed to predict a day. Headmaster Meghanad Sahu said Sunil always calculates the day and date correctly. The secondary student, who most of the time remains silent, readily calculates dates even in front of guests during school functions.However, Sunil has no explanation for this. Neither do his parents or teachers. \"I noticed this behaviour only after the school authorities told us about this amazing ability. I don't know how my son mastered this art or who taught him. May be he is gifted by God,\" said Sunil's mother Padmalaya .The family hails from Pradhanpali village under Jamuda police station in Bargarh. Sunil, who is younger of the two siblings, took admission in the school in 2004 as a pre-primary student.Mental health professionals said autistic children with exceptional qualities are not unusual. \"This boy may be doing this calculation very fast by using a particular method. He may be exceptionally brilliant on that particular aspect which should be groomed,\" said Dr Surjeet Sahoo, a Bhubaneswar-based psychiatrist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260125", "title": "Reservation controversy in KU takes a new turn", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The reservation-related issues in the appointment of staff in Kerala University took a new turn after the university vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan said that the decision to apply reservation norms for appointments to the posts of publication officers in English, Hindi, Sanskrit and Malayalam was against the law.Clarifying that the university did not flout any of the reservation norms in the selection of teachers and non-teachers, he said that the university had notified the posts as 'open' only those posts that fall into the category of a single vacancy against single sanctioned strength, which is in accordance with the Supreme Court verdict.However, in the case of appointment of publication officers, the syndicate's decision to impose the reservation rules by clubbing four single posts was challengeable in the court. \"Although the opinion of the standing counsel was that the post of publication officer in each discipline is a single post cadre and the posts are not interchangeable, the syndicate resolved to club these posts and apply reservation policies and re-notify the same. The university's decision in the case of publication officers is not in accordance with the legal opinion and with the law which might be subject to challenge in the court of the law,\" he said.In the wake of allegations that the university was flouting the reservation norms , the university senate which met on Wednesday had decided to entrust the university staff committee with the task of inquiring whether there was any violation in the reservation policy as guaranteed by the Constitution. The decision was taken on the basis of a submission raised in the senate meeting.The vice-chancellor said that not only that the reservation norms were being thoroughly followed, the university was also filling up the general posts by the candidates eligible for reservation. \"In 2011, nine out of 19 lecture posts and one out of the two reader posts in the open category went to the reservation candidates who are coming up through their merit,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "17261614", "title": "Crowd lathicharged at Nyamathi village", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Police resorted to lathicharge to control the crowd that had assembled at Nyamathi village helipad in Honnali taluk on Saturday afternoon to meet former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.The incident took place just as Yeddyurappa was getting off the helicopter. Villagers, who had been waiting for the leaders, started thronging towards the helicopter forcing the police to resort to lathicharge to disperse the crowd. Yeddyurappa was in the taluk with chief minister Jagadish Shettar to attend the Janaspandana programme at Nyamathi village. District in-charge minister S A Ravindranath, excise minister M P Renukacharya, MP G M Siddeshwar and other legislators also took part in the programme. Yeddyurappa who did not share the dais with Shettar at Davanagere earlier on Saturday, sat with the chief minister at Nyamathi village. However, deputy chief minister K S Eshwarappa stayed away from the dais on both occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262437", "title": "Bal Thackeray: In his Pawar games, he played friend and foe", "text": "Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray, veteran trade union leader George Fernandes and Maratha strongman Sharad Pawar were arch-rivals for several years. However, the 1982 textile workers' strike united them against trade union leader Datta Samant. The trio addressed a large public rally at the historic Shivaji Park, where they said a strike would have an adverse impact on the textile industry and ruin the metropolis's economy. The trio wanted to stop Samant from gaining followers. They did not succeed, as a record number of textile workers joined the strike. But the strike was unsuccessful.In subsequent years, while Thackeray's and Pawar's personal relations peaked, they became the biggest rivals on the political front. Veteran journalist Vasant Deshpande said, \"They never mixed personal relations and politics. As a result, even today Pawar has very cordial relations with the Thackeray family.\" For over four-anda-half decades, relations between Pawar and the Thackeray family, particularly Thackeray Sr, soured on several occasions due to political issues, but both these stalwarts ensured there was no strain on their personal relations. The Sena's mouthpiece, Saamna, wrote very critically about Pawar several times, but he never reacted too sharply to the stringent observations.Another veteran journalist, Dinkar Raikar, agreed that Pawar and Thackeray had a soft corner for each other. \"In 1972, Pawar was the minister of state for home and the Shiv Sena had just begun to spread its tentacles in the metropolis. There were moments of tension, but Pawar always dealt with the situation diplomatically. They were political rivals, but their personal equations were like family members,\" Raikar said.Maharashtra witnessed a public spat between Pawar and Thackeray on at least three occasions. First, when Chhagan Bhujbal , as a Sena legislator , launched a frontal attack on Pawar over an alleged plot scam. Second, when Bhujbal engineered a split in the Shiv Sena. Thirdly, when Bhujbal, as home minister in the Congress-NCP government, got Thackeray arrested in a decade-old case.In 1989, when Pawar was the Congress chief minister, Bhujbal, the lone Sena legislator in the assembly, single-handedly launched a campaign against Pawar over an alleged plot scam in the metropolis. \"We were expecting that the senior Thackeray would step in and halt the campaign against Pawar, but Thackeray did not come to the rescue of Pawar. As a result, Pawar's image was massively damaged,\" said a senior Shiv Sena leader.Shockingly, a year later, Bhujbal led the biggest-ever split in the Sena, when a record 14 legislators quit to join the Congress. \"It was one of the biggestever setbacks for Thackeray, who expected that Pawar would halt the split. But this time there was no response from Pawar,\" the Sena leader said.Later in 2000, when Bhujbal was state home minister and deputy chief minister, he dug out a decade-old case under Section 153 of the Indian Penal Code \u00e2\u20ac\u201d creating communal enmity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and ensured that Thackeray was arrested . The Sena made an all-out effort to thwart Bhujbal's attempt, but Pawar did not step in. As a result, the senior Thackeray had to face an embarrassing arrest. A month ago, Bhujbal told a public meeting that he had not sought the permission of Pawar or then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh to arrest Thackeray.Thackeray drafted an ambitious plan to dislodge the Congress government in 1990, but did not succeed. However, prior to the 1995 assembly polls, Thackeray, accompanied by BJP leader Gopinath Munde and Sena leader Manohar Joshi , launched a statewide campaign against Pawar, saying it was high time that the people of Maharashtra dislodged the Pawar-led Congress government. \"It was a setback for Pawar when the saffron combine assumed power. Till then it was assumed that Pawar was the undisputed leader of Maharashtra . A question mark then came over Pawar's leadership,\" a senior Congress minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262951", "title": "Show of strength for BJP, Cong at Mangarh Dham", "text": "JAIPUR: The tribute paying ceremony at Mangarh Dham in Banswara turned into a major show of strength for both the ruling party and the BJP on Saturday.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot presided over the ceremony where hundreds of tribals were killed in a massacre by the British troops in 1912 and announced that the event, the records of which were not available before, would be included in the school syllabus. \"Records about the event were not available till recently. But now that details have been gathered from the records of the National Archives, the event will be included in the history books in schools. The state plans to develop Mangarh Dham as a historical monument on the lines of Jallianwala Bagh,'' said Gehlot. He also announced construction of a museum there.The demand for including the Mangarh Dham massacre in the school syllabus was made by minister for panchayati raj Mahendra Singh Malviya, who is also the chairperson of the Mangarh Foundation, which had organised the tribute ceremony. It was Malviya who walked away with the credit for the huge crowd at the ceremony, which had turned into a tug of war for both the parties involved in trying to prove a point.Other public representatives from the area including minister Dayaram Parmar and MP Raghuveer Meena used the platform to raise the demand for a separate tribal state. \"It is time to consider a separate state for the tribals. This would ensure they benefit the maximum from the funds allotted for their development and to ensure that their land is used for them?'' said Meena.Meanwhile, the turnout for the BJP's prayer meeting, which was held almost 20 kilometres away, was also not less than impressive. For the state BJP, it was senior legislator Gulab Chand Kataria who stole the show and the credit was a successful event. The party's spirit was not dampened by the fact that the state government had denied them the permission to hold a tribute at Mangarh Dham, Kataria led a rally to the venue after the chief minister's event was over, to pay their tributes to the martyrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260240", "title": "CPM's TP inquiry remains a chimera", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is almost four months since the CPM central committee (CC) decided to conduct an internal inquiry into the alleged role of a section of party's state leadership behind the murder of T P Chandrasekharan. Even as the trial of the accused in the case began on Friday, the party is tight-lipped on the promised probe.Sources in the state CPM leadership confirmed that no commission has been appointed yet to probe the case. The issue was reportedly raised in the last CC meeting held in October by V S Achuthanandan. It is learnt that the probe is being delayed by a section in the leadership so as to ensure that the accused in the case get legal and financial assistance from the party during the trial.The difficulty of identifying impartial leaders to conduct the probe is another reason that has delayed it. The initial idea was to depute a panel of non-Malayali leaders so that no bias could be attributed. But the Kerala leadership was not happy with that proposal.The decision for a party probe into the case was taken during the two-day CC meeting held on July 21 and 22 and was included in the resolution on the issue adopted by the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17262058", "title": "Govt bus attacked with petrol bomb", "text": "MADURAI: Passengers of a government bus had a miraculous escape from a petrol bomb attack near Madurai on Friday night.The bus from Senthamangalam near Alanganallur was returning to Periyar bus stand in the city when unidentified miscreants lit a petrol filled bottle and pelted it on the vehicle. Fortunately, the bomb did not fall into the bus through the windows, but fell on the roof and exploded. Police said none of the passengers suffered major injuries.\"The bus driver as well as the passengers said they could not see the miscreants as it was too dark. It must be a gang of two or three who slipped away in the dark after hurling the petrol bomb. Only if we nab the culprits will we find the motive,\" said a police officer. But Madurai SP V Balakrishnan issued a stern warning that anti-social elements who damage public property in the name of protest will be dealt with strictly. The bomb attack comes two weeks after the petrol bomb attack on a van that killed six persons in Madurai.Every time social unrest brews, government buses turn out to be the first target of anti-social elements. During the recent Thevar Jayanthi violence, as many as 50 buses were damaged in stone-pelting incidents in Madurai, Sivaganga, Virudhunagar and Ramanathapuram districts. But in most of the cases, the miscreants remain anonymous and manage to go scot-free. Police said the state-owned bus had left from Senthamangalam and was heading to Periyar bus stand with 15 passengers around 10.30 pm. The bus was proceeding near Periya Oorcheri when the gang pelted the petrol bomb. The bottle hit the front window panel near the driver's seat and fell on the roof before it exploded. The window pane was damaged in the impact and petrol spilled over the roof spreading fire. The driver Balamurugan brought the vehicle to a grinding halt as the panicked passengers jumped out of the bus.The driver informed the police as well as transport officials who rushed to the spot. The passengers were administered treatment while the bus was taken to the depot. Balakrishnan visited the place, but inquiries with the driver and passengers did not shed light on the identity of the culprits. Police personnel were deployed in the locality to prevent any escalation of tension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261730", "title": "IIM's INDEX begins on a musical note", "text": "LUCKNOW: Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow's premier Marketing fair INDEX 2012 kicked off recently with much fan-fare and frolic on Saturday. The fair being held at Colvin Taluqdar College started with 'Nukkad', the street play competition on social awareness. This was followed by RJ Hunt with students from across the colleges in the city showcasing their skills in order to bag the first place. A lot of informal activities such as Lucknow quiz, mimicry and many more kept crowd glued to their seats.The two-day fair which will continue on Sunday promises something for everyone. For a young college-goer there is the popular and eccentric rock band performances at the flagship STAR NIGHT. For everyone with a flair for fame, Mr &amp; Miss INDEX is the competition for the Lucknowites, where just beauty or brains alone won't be enough to win the title. Calling out to all budding singers is the home-grown Lucknow Idol singing competition. All these events will be held on Sunday. The highlight for Sunday will be 'Retro Night' - Tribute to Rajesh Khanna . Pankaj and Kamaal Khan will bring an eclectic collection of his songs to the audience.On Saturday, the hunt for RJ ended with Akash from Babu Banarasi Das College emerging as the winner. He now holds an opportunity to co-host a popular show Hum Tum on a popular radio channel. In the Nukkad competition, the winner was Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET). The nine-member team staged a performance on theme 'Zero' which focused on how corruption is bringing everything in the country to ground zero. The first leg Nukkad street play was conducted outside a mall at Shahnajaf Road last week.Footloose, the dance competition saw participants setting the stage on fire with their theatrics and jazzy dance numbers. Virendra Negi from Lucknow University was adjudged as the winner in this competition. In order to strengthen the bonds with the Indian culture, INDEX also hosted a cultural program conducted by Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Among Youth (SPICMACAY), IIM Lucknow chapter. This year, Pandit Brij Narayan captured the audience with his magical Sarod performance, which was revered by all. Besides the planned events, there were some impromptu events, which attracted the crowd to the fair.With an overall footfall of close to 13,000, INDEX is one of the largest fair in the city. Every year, the masses of Lucknow turn out in huge numbers to participate in the fun and festivities of the fair. Interestingly, the fair also saw IIM students setting up an elaborate disguised market research, which was conducted live at the fair. The students conducted research for ten different brands in categories as varied as chocolates to banking to FMCG and personal care.The game stalls attracted people from all age groups in large numbers. In fact, it engaged the audience with interactive and interesting puzzles and games. The students designed games with interesting characters such as CID, Winterainment, Sitare Zameen Par and others. Index 2012 also hosted a science and photography exhibition, which will be opened throughout the fair. Another highlight was the Vintage exhibition which saw Jaguar -1945 model, BSA 5HP, 1935 and a Ford Model A as old as 1928.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17262148", "title": "Safai workers ensure Surat is clean after Diwali", "text": "SURAT: For residents in the diamond city, it is difficult to trace Diwali garbage leftovers. Thanks to the 'clean up' workforce of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC), the mess strewn on City roads during Diwali festival has been cleared.Official sources said the city generated more than 350 tonnes of extra garbage per day due to Diwali festival.The average collection of garbage went up to 1,550 tonnes per day against the normal average of 1,200 tonnes per day.Thanks to over 4,000 safai workers, all the roads, streets and lanes in the city were cleared of the heaps of garbage during the festival period.SMC's solid waste manager E H Pathan told TOI, \"The city is clean due to the serious clean up effort put in by over 4,000 safai workers. Though it was a festival period, the safai workers took the clean up work on a priority basis. We have been able to achieve our target of keeping the city clean during the festival.\"Surat generates roughly 1,200 metric tonnes of solid waste per day collected from six transfer stations based in Bhatar, Katargam, Varachha, Anjana, Pal and Bhestan. The waste is then sent to Khajob disposal site. About 400 metric tonnes of organic waste is used for making compost, while the rest is dumped and levelled at Khajod disposal site.\"The garbage is brought to the respective garbage collection centres and from there it is transferred to transfer stations in the city. During the last three days, the safai workers have cleared an average of 350 to 400 tonnes per day apart from the normal 1,200 tonnes of garbage,\" Pathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260075", "title": "Preparations in full swing for Chhath Puja", "text": "KANPUR: Preparations are being made for Chhath Puja, which will commence from Saturday. On Saturday, Bhojpuri people will observe 'Naha-Kha'. On Sunday, 'Kharna' (Chotti Chhath) will be celebrated. The main Chhath Puja will be held on November 19. Early in the morning on Tuesday, women will give 'araghya' to the rising sun. This would mark the end of the celebrations.The Chhath puja ghats and canals are being cleaned by Kanpur Municipal Corporation. A few days back, silt was taken out from a canal in Barra. But the entire waste was thrown close to the canal only. The local residents said that the KMC team promised them to pick up the filth and polythene waste before Diwali but this was not done.The situation is not better at CTI crossing and Dabauli West where the canal flows.At Shastri Nagar and Lajpat Nagar, preparations are being made by the devotees. They rued that the district administration starts making preparations for the festival very late. The filth and the garbage need to be cleaned.Thousands of women will keep fast for the long life of their spouse and children.It is expected that latest by Saturday afternoon the canals at Armapur, Barra, Panki, Kalyanpur, Shastri Nagar, Pandu Nagar and Vijay Nagar would be ready for the rituals. The canals would be ornamentally decorated.Various Chhath Puja Samitis remained busy on Friday for making preparations for festival. The Poorvanchal Bhojpuri Chhath Puja Seva Samiti in Panki would be celebrating Chhath for 37th year in a row. A number of cultural events will be held on the occasion.Preparations are on at the Panki canal, where the biggest celebrations are held every year. 'Puja Vedis' are being readied. This work is going on for past few days.In Lajpat Nagar in an open ground, a pond is being made for the devotees to stand and give 'Araghya' to the Sun God. The KMC men were busy repairing the street lamps both inside and outside the ground. A mela will also be organised at the sites where the Chhath Puja will be held. Barricades are being erected to ensure that the devotees do not slip while performing puja rituals.On Friday evening, women were seen buying cosmetic items, new clothes and bangles for the festival. They also made brisk purchasing of the items required for the puja. Many women were also seen getting mehndi applied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17261656", "title": "Contest on management enlightens students", "text": "MYSORE: Paper presentation has become an all-important facet of education. To enlighten the students on the latest trends in educational research, Teresian College conducted a paper-presentation competition on Saturday. About 30 post-graduate students from 23 colleges affiliated to University of Mysore participated in the competition. The topics for the paper presentation included human resource management, marketing management, financial management and general management. Speaking on the purpose of holding paper presentation competition, Teresian College principal Sister Sajitha said the event has many advantages. \"Being a part of such an event, students get exposed to latest trends. They will also get to know the new methodologies undertaken for research across the globe,\" she added. The event had been a platform providing confidence in budding professionals in terms of overcoming fear. \"It helped students hone essential skills. The contemporary topics discussed by the participants have enlightened the young minds,\" the principal claimed. Pooja, II MCom student from Hassan, said such competitions enhance one's knowledge and helps one choose new topic for research after PG. Endorsing Pooja's view, another student Varsha Sanjay said: \"With this, we get an insight into the contents of presentation. It will be helpful for presentations at higher levels.\" Speaking at the inaugural, UoM registrar P S Naik said: \"People say that money and power are two tools to achieve success. But success can be achieved without them. Social workers and doctors are the best examples as they achieve success through their services to the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17261346", "title": "Shorts to make way for trousers in Tamil Nadu prisons", "text": "COIMBATORE: A makeover is in the offing for hundreds of male prison inmates across the state as the government plans to issue trousers to them. The decision was taken after it was brought to the notice of prison department that inmates were ashamed to appear before visiting relatives wearing shorts. The process of stitching trousers has already started in Coimbatore Central Prison and the finished dress materials would be dispatched to all other jails in the state soon.For the thousands of convicted prisoners lodged in various jails across the state, the prison uniform is white shirt and white shorts. The prisoners meet their relatives at the prison in their uniform. It seems they are ashamed to appear before the relatives in shorts. Only very few prisons in the country allow inmates to wear trousers and the new initiative is seen as a major step forward in prison reforms.\"We have power loom units and stitching units at the prison complex in Coimbatore. We have started the stitching of trousers,\" said S Rajendran, superintendent, Coimbatore central prison. Over 45 prisoners stitch the trousers and shirts at the unit. \"We have planned to increase the manpower at the tailoring units and power loom units to speed up the work,\" he said.The state government had issued a G.O (Ms) No.115, Home (prison-III) department on January 27, 2012 and ordered modification of the uniform of convict prisoners from shorts to trousers at the cost of Rs 5.85 lakh. During British rule, the inmates wore white shirts and shorts with big checks. The prisoners used to wear hats as well. A person, involved in a series of crimes or considered a habitual offender, had to wear black-coloured cap. After Independence, the cap system was removed and plain white uniforms started to be given, said DIG P Govindarajan, Puzhal Central Prison.Rights activists have welcomed the move. \"This is a welcome initiative. Prisons must be places for reform and such steps would help bring the convicts back to a reformed life,\" said R Kalaiarasu, advocate with Coimbatore Bar.The state has 134 prisons of which nine are central prisons. Three are special prisons for women and nine are district jails. The state also has as many as 86 sub-jails for men, eight sub-jails for women, two special sub-jails for men, three special sub-jails for women, 12 borstal schools and two open air prisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261901", "title": "Mamata dares CPM to back no-trust motion", "text": "KOLKATA: Two months after pulling out of the UPA, Mamata Banerjee announced on Saturday her party will move a no-confidence motion against the Manmohan Singh government on the first day of Parliament's winter session and appealed to all political parties, among them arch-rival CPM, to support it.The Trinamool Congress, with 19 MPs in the Lok Sabha, is far short of the 50 members required to get such a motion admitted in the House. Mamata expects \"patriotic parties\" within the UPA and the CPM to rise above party lines and back the motion if they are sincere in their professed opposition to the Centre's \"anti-people policies\" like FDI in retail , pension bill and increasing prices of fertilizer, cooking gas, diesel and petrol. \"Let all political parties decide who will support this motion and who can't. As in the JP movement (during the Emergency), everyone should unite in the interest of the country,\" she said.The Left parties viewed Mamata's move as a knee-jerk reaction out of fear of being upstaged as the CPM has already served a notice on the Lok Sabha Speaker demanding a debate on FDI under rule 184 that calls for a division after discussion.\"We aim at the widest possible opposition against FDI in Parliament and want to isolate the Congress on this issue,\" said CPM central committee member Nilotpal Basu. Left leaders said Mamata's move will act to the contrary. Parties that are opposed to the entry of FDI but do not want the government to fall will rally behind the Congress in case a no-confidence motion endangers the UPA's existence, they said.Mamata wouldn't mind if her no-trust notice is rejected for want of numbers. Her primary concern is to corner the CPM. \"Some parties are demanding a discussion under rule 184. The fact is that discussion under this rule allows voting that can be used to censure the government. But the government won't fall,\" she said.We will back no-trust brought by CPM: DidiMamata said her party was ready to support a no-confidence motion should the CPM move one but felt the Left party was unlikely to do so. \"The CPM may withdraw its motion even after deciding to bring it. That's why I have decided to bring the motion.\"Asked how she could seek the support of her arch-rival CPM, Mamata shot back, \"No one finds fault when Congress dines with BJP. Congress also talks to CPM.\"With neither the Trinamool nor the CPM having sufficient strength in the Lok Sabha, the move to bring a no-confidence motion or a resolution could ultimately turn into an exercise in state rivalry rather than cause any real problems to the UPA.Observers said the real reason why Mamata had decided to move a no-confidence motion was to project a pro-people image for Trinamool ahead of the panchayat polls and to score brownie points over rival CPM. She wants to project herself as the only genuine voice that doesn't hesitate to pull down an \"anti-people\" government at the Centre.Significantly, they pointed out, while appealing for support from other political parties Mamata did not mention BJP by name though without its support there is little chance of a no-confidence motion being passed. It was only later that she added that she had no hesitation in appealing to BJP for support as the no-confidence motion would have no religious overtone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17261617", "title": "Solar power will light up Kittur school", "text": "BELGAUM: Solar power will soon light up the prestigious Kittur Rani Channamma Residential Sainik School for Girls, Kittur, in Bailhongal taluk. As many as 208 LED-based solar streetlights were installed on the 100-acre campus at a cost of Rs 43.68 lakh. It has been taken up under the state government's ambitious project Soura Belaku Yojane. ZP CEO V Shankar told TOI the objective was to illuminate the entire campus during the nights. Automated operating technology is in use here, and the lights don't need to be operated on a daily basis. Each streetlight costs around Rs 21,000, he said. The government was implementing this project on a pilot basis in the state, and had sanctioned it for a few villages in five districts -- Chamarajanagar, Davanagere, Koppal, Dharwad and Belgaum.Aiming for excellence The Sainik School is the only public school in South Asia which gives education on the lines of military schools for girls. Established in 1969 by former chief minister SR Kanthi to prepare girls academically, physically and intellectually, it brings public school education within the reach of the common man. It is situated at Kittur, around 45km from Belgaum and close to the Pune-Bangalore national highway (NH-4).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260448", "title": "Enquiry demanded into 24x7 demo project", "text": "NAGPUR: The beleaguered 24x7 water supply demo project is getting more attention. A city NGO, Jan Aakrosh, has demanded an enquiry into the project and has decided to take up the issue with the municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and also the Central government.Secretary of Jan Akrosh, Ravi Kaskhedikar told TOI that the NGO's prediction on the much hyped project has become true.\"Citizens residing in the demo zone have suffered a lot. They had to pay high water bills in 2010 due to faulty water meters. Even now the citizens are getting high bills. NMC claims to have corrected all problems and also had vowed to facilitate water supply round the clock. Funds more than that approved has been spent on the project. Inquiry should be conducted into the financial aspects of the project. We are going to launch a series of agitations after meeting Wardhane,\" he said.NMC spent Rs 38.43 crore on the project as against the approved cost of Rs 25 crore. NMC had declared and even appraised the Centre about the completion of the project in July 2011. NMC has handed over the entire water supply system of the city and execution of 24x7 water supply project to a private operator from November 2011 citing the success of demo project. The decision was taken despite strong opposition from various sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "17259847", "title": "IOA blame game begins as Quraishi resigns", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: A huge question mark arose over the much-awaited Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections on Saturday with the resignation of SY Quraishi, the chairman of the IOA's election commission.Quraishi's resignation resulted in the postponement of the scrutiny process of the nominations and could also lead to the postponement of the November 25 polls.The elections are being fought between two rival actions - one led by boxing federation president Abhey Singh Chautala and the other by IOA secretary general Randhir Singh.The hectic parleys following Quraishi's exit saw the Randhir Singh faction pressing for the postponement of the scrutiny as just two members, Justice VK Bali (returning officer) and Justice JD Kapoor, were left in the commission.The Abhey Singh Chautala group pushed for the poll process to go ahead with the existing set-up.After a closed door meeting between the two members of the EC, the returning officer announced that the scrutiny will be held after the appointment of a new chairman.IOA's acting president VK Malhotra, who himself was prevented from contesting due to the age and tenure guidelines in the sports code, said in a release that latest developments will have an impact on the election schedule.\"The process of scrutiny of nominations for the IOA scheduled to be held here today (Saturday) has been postponed by the returning officer as the chairman of the three-member election commission SY Quraishi has resigned... This has created a very piquant situation,\" he said.\"Quraishi in his resignation letter has said that he is quitting the commission because there is a breakdown of consensus. He wants that IOA elections be held under the sports code of the government of India.IOA from the very beginning has opposed the sports code but had to include the provision of sports code in the IOA election because of the directive of the High Court of Delhi,\" Malhotra added.Quraishi's resignation was attributed to the last-minute intervention by the International Olympic Committee which sent a letter saying the elections can only be held as per the IOA constitution and not as per the sports code formulated by the government.\"I have been advocating the government sports guidelines right from my tenure as sports secretary. Now IOA is not following the guidelines, and my conscience doesn't allow me to continue.It will be a conflict of interest to continue in the committee,\" Quraishi reportedly wrote in his resignation letter.Quraishi's sudden resignation led to an expected blame game between the two rival groups. Chautala's supporters called it the handiwork of their opponents fearing defeat.\"Now that they know that they don't have the numbers they are trying all this to postpone the elections,\" a member of the camp said. \"Even Justice Kapoor felt that the scrutiny process could go ahead as the quorum of two was valid,\" he added.The Randhir camp said Quarishi's decision shows that he was under pressure. \"He is an honest and upright man. He must have valid reasons,\" they said.Meanwhile, noted activist and lawyer Rahul Mehra tweeted that Quraishi, former election commissioner and sports secretary, quit \"realising that large scale manipulation and violations were being committed.\"Amidst this chaos, independent observers wondered whether the IOA was going the Kuwait way. \"The Olympic Council of Asia president is from Kuwait and the secretary general from India. The IOC had earlier banned Kuwait. Will it be India next?\" they asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17260803", "title": "Airport issues discussed at advisory panel meeting", "text": "VASCO: The airport advisory committee, comprising local MLAs, tourism stakeholders airport and district officials, met at the Dabolim airport on Saturday afternoon to discuss various issues affecting the airport and travellers. The meeting was chaired by South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha.Topping the list of issues was the exorbitant rates charged by taxis and the need to regulate the operators. The lack of other means of transport and a proposal to introduce coach services from the airport to major cities in Goa were also discussed.Members also stressed the need to have a grade separator/flyover at the airport junction to ease traffic.Airport officials spoke on the need to immediately identify land for parking of buses and coaches. They also want an integrated solution to the garbage problem around the airport, in order to reduce bird strikes and to curb the dog and stray cattle problem.The panel decided to hold a joint inspection to identify and tackle problem areas. The inspection will also be held to facilitate the shifting of passenger operations to the new terminal building nearing completion.The meeting was attended by Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho, Vasco MLA Carlos Almedia, airport director M Suresh, TTAG vice-president Savio Messias, Goa hoteliers and restaurant association president Gaurish Dhond and South Goa district administration and police officials.The airport authority employees union also submitted a representation to the MP. It fears the denial of land for parking and other essential facilities could be ultimately used as an excuse to shut down the airport. They have asked Sardinha to intervene to make their employment secure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261904", "title": "Criminal defamation case: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh summoned", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday issued summons against senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh in a criminal defamation case lodged by BJP President Nitin Gadkari after it found \"prima facie\" evidence to proceed against the politician.Metropolitan Magistrate Sudesh Kumar directed Singh to appear before the court on December 21 to face trial for the offence punishable under section 499 (defamation) and 500 (punishment for defamation) of the IPC.Gadkari had filed a defamation case against the Congress general secretary who had allegedly accused him of having business links with his party MP Ajay Sancheti.In his plea, Gadkari had alleged that Singh accused Gadkari of pocketing huge sum to the tune of Rs 490 crore in the coal block allocation to Sancheti. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17261425", "title": "Chadha Group's presence in UP Anganwadi", "text": "Ponty's Chadha's Great Value Food is all set to regain over Rs 9,000 crore contract for supplying supplentary nutrition food programme for under-nourished children enrolled at Anganwadi centers across the state. The contract is for the next three years and the supplements are to be distributed through the Anganwadi network under the Integrated child development scheme (ICDS) sponsored by the government of India. This, however, if done, would be violation of the 2004 Supreme Court order which states that only self-help groups, mahila mandals and village communities will be given contracts for the supply of nutrition.The tenders for the contract were floated in September and bids were received from several companies. Last month, according to sources, the child development and nutrition department shortlisted Chadha's company after going through the technical bids. However, some rival firms supplying nutritious food in other states have challenged the tender in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court. They have challenged the conditions laid down in the tender. The matter would be taken up for hearing in the high court on November 19.The rival bidders have claimed that the conditions in the bid documents have been tailor-made to suit the interest of a particular cartel headed by Ponty Chadha. They have also claimed that the UP government has inserted a condition that the firm applying for the supply of the nutrition food hould have the manufacturing unit in the state. Another condition says the firm should have a minimum annual turnover of Rs 25 crore, thus effectively throwing out the self help groups and mahila mandals, as directed by the Supreme Court in its 2004 judgment. Chadha's firm had bagged the tender in 2009 too during the BSP regime.However, officials of the department of child development and nutrition said that the terms and conditions of the 2012 tender almost same as they were in 2005, 2007 and 2009. They also said that the bid document has been prepared in the light of the 2004 apex court judgment. They also said that approval has been obtained from the law department and fresh guidelines issued by the Center in 2012 have also been incorporated in the tender.A senior officer, however, admitted that state government has introduced the condition in the tender that only those firms will qualify which have Rs 25 crore turnover of the manufacturing firm. This condition has not been mentioned in the Supreme Court order and the Centre's guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "noida/ghaziabad", "code": "17260522", "title": "Ponty Chaddha case: Group malls down shutters on news", "text": "NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: Within hours of the news of Ponty Chaddha and his brother's death reaching Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad, ripples of the twin fatalities were felt.Malls owned by Chadha's group shut down and even movie shows were cancelled. Construction work at Wave Inc's ongoing projects ground to a halt. Ponty, who was supposedly close to Mayawati , had during her tenure launched several real estate projects in the two districts. It remains unclear how long work at these projects will remain at a standstill.Saturday being the start of the weekend, the closure of the commercial complexes left hundreds disappointed. Among them were cinema goers and shoppers. \"As soon as news of the deaths broke, security guards took up positions at all the Wave malls and no one was allowed to enter. People inside these buildings were asked to leave,\" a spokesperson of the Wave Inc group said. \"We've refunding money to all those who had booked cinema tickets. We don't have instructions on how long we'll remain closed.\"A number liquor shops in Ghaziabad under Ponty's distributorship downed shuttes, but the ones in Noida remained largely open. His school in Noida, Global Genesis , which had closed for Diwali will reopen on Monday as scheduled.\"We'll have a condolence meeting on Monday and the school will open for students from class V onwards,\" school director Pramod Sharma said.Sources said Chadha ran businesses worth at least Rs 40,000 crore in these two districts alone. In Noida the master plan for the group's ambitious Rs 10,000crore integrated township 'Wave City Centre' was approved only this August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263117", "title": "'Autobiography of a Yogi' translated into Sanskrit", "text": "RANCHI: Yogi Kathamrit, the biography of Yoganand Paramhansa that is also known as 'Autobiography of a Yogi', after being translated into 32 major languages of the world has now been translated and released in Sanskrit for the readers who revere this language as 'dev bhasha' (language of the God). The book was released by chief minister Arjun Munda here on Friday in the presence of an august gathering of luminaries both from within and outside the yogoda satsanga society (YSS) headquarters in Ranchi.Speaking about the importance of the book, general secretary YSS Swami Smranand ji said that the book was translated in most of the Indian and few foreign languages as well. \"Sanskrit is considered a tough language because the author has the liberty to present serious issues in few words, so effort has been made to keep the language simple so that many people can read and understand the message of Swamiji,\" he said.While some described the book as 'Upanishad' of the modern times, Smaranand ji also cited the findings of NASA which say that the book has a scientific base. Smaranand ji, who was a member of the team of missile man APJ Abdul Kalam , after working as a professor at a university in Canada , said unlike other religious books, the autobiography gives insight on simple living as the way to seeking Almighty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17262127", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAll zilla parishads in state must meet over edu Act\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting of the zilla parishad (ZP) has been scheduled on November 29, after a state government directive to all ZPs to convene special general body meetings to discuss and understand the issue of the Right To Education Act.\"A special general meeting will be held on November 29 instead of December 3, as had been scheduled earlier, according to government directives that statewide meetings be conducted to clarify doubts over RTE,\" a senior official said.The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, aims to provide better education facilities for children from economically weaker sections of the society by allowing them admission in any school\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding private\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand has fixed a quota for the number of students the schools must admit.Owing to confusion on the issue among officials there have been instances when either admissions were turned down, or not made to an appropriate class leading to the Act's poor implementation.The state therefore, asked all zilla parishads to conduct a special statewide session on RTE on November 29. \"We will now include other issues that were to be discussed in the general body meeting of December 3, in the same meeting,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260983", "title": "DTPC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s aqua rider to be given on lease", "text": "KOCHI: The aqua rider introduced in the Children's Park became dysfunctional within a week as the people employed by the district tourism promotion council (DTPC) to operate it said they couldn't handle it.Now the DTPC is planning to hand it over to some private player on lease.\"We are unable to run it on our own, and have decided to hand it over to some private player,\" said DTPC secretary T N Jayanshankar.It was inaugurated by the tourism minister on June 1. It enabled kids below 65 kg to walk on water in an inflatable transparent float ball of 6.5 feet diameter and 1mm thickness. It is made of flexible plastic sheets called thermoplastic poly urethane (TPU) and has waterproof zippers. The water sphere ride is for an average five minutes.\"We had expected to earn Rs 8,000 a day from it by charging Rs 50 per person for a ride. However, the target couldn't be met. So it has been decided to lease it out for three years,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17261949", "title": "Student bodies dissatisfied with 20% concession in fares", "text": "GUWAHATI: Student bodies have expressed discontent over the 20 per cent concession for students proposed by the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of Kamrup (metro) district after fares were hiked by 25 per cent recently.The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) and the Students' Federation of India (SFI) have vowed to continue their agitation demanding more concession for students.While Aasu urged the RTA of Kamrup (metro) district to provide at least 50 per cent concession to students in Guwahati, the SFI has demanded 70 per cent concession for students.\"The student community has been the worst affected by the fare hike in Guwahati. Since students don't have any source of income, the transport department should give at least 50 per cent concession to students,\" said Simanta Thakuria, Aasu general secretary.SFI's state unit secretary Ritu Ranjan Das said 20 per cent concession announced by the RTA for the students of Guwahati is not satisfactory. \"Compared to other states, the concession in fares proposed by the RTA in Guwahati is meagre.In Delhi and Bengaluru, the authorities issue special passes for students. In Delhi, a student has to deposit Rs 100 to get a bus pass. On the other hand in Bengaluru, a student has to pay Rs 1,170 for a bus pass, which remains valid for 10 months,\" Das said.The SFI launched a massive protest near the state capital complex in Dispur a few days back demanding 70 per cent concession in fares for students, which brought traffic to a grinding halt in the city. The SFI leader said if the administration turns a deaf ear to their demands, they will launch another agitation soon.Das rued that though a large number of students travel in share taxis, the RTA has not announced concessions for them.\"The SFI has been demanding that the free bus service to Gauhati University be resumed for the last few months, but the transport authorities have not paid heed to our demands,\" he said.A committee was formed by the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of Kamrup (metro) district to streamline the issues related to the 20 per cent concession proposed to students, senior citizens and differently abled persons. The committee will submit its report by November 22 and concession in fares will come into effect after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262226", "title": "Diwali over but sweet sample reports not out", "text": "LUDHIANA: Diwali is over and by this time city residents would have indulged in Diwali sweets to their heart's content. However, the health department is still waiting for the report certifying the edibility of the sweets. In other words, there's a fair chance that the sweets you ate on Diwali were substandard at best and unfit for consumption at worst.The health department took 98 samples of sweets from shops in Ludhiana between October 15 and November 9. Of these, reports of 46 samples are awaited and of the rest of the 51 samples, eight have failed.As part of the effort to check adulteration of food around Diwali, authorities took 51 samples of sweets between October 15 to the end of October and 46 samples were taken from November 1 to 9. The food laboratory in Chandigarh handed over report for 51 samples, eight of which failed and two were declared unfit for human consumption.However, sources said the department did not get reports for the 46 samples picked up by health authorities in November, which means, no one knows if the sweets residents ate were fit for consumption at all.\"It has become a formality on the part of the health department to pick up sweet samples during Diwali. What is ridiculous is that even as residents eat these sweets, the health department gets the report of sweet samples being fit for consumption or not after Diwali\", an officer of the health department, who declined to be named, said.He added that had the health department been serious about checking adulteration, they would have picked up sweet samples well in advance and punished the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17262982", "title": "Fires, emergency cases continue even after Diwali", "text": "VADODARA: Four days after Diwali, thanks to overzealous revellers, the noise of firecrackers and flashes in the sky are still evident- and so are the cases of fires, assault and road traffic accidents. Most of these emergency cases are related to firecrackers, which invariably see a rise in the festive days, although road accidents have seen a massive rise among emergency cases.Information collected from fire brigade office and the 108 emergency ambulance service reveals that there is hardly any respite from festivities related incidents, when people are known to be footloose, fancy free mood. \"Last year, in a period of 10 days before and after Diwali, there were a total of 20 firecracker related fires in the city. This year, 20 firecrackers related incidents have already been reported within a span of five days before and after Diwali,\" chief fire officer, Vadodara, Hitesh Taparia says.The 108 ambulance service handled an astonishing 746 emergency cases in Vadodara during the four festive days of Dhanteras, Kali Chaudas, Diwali and New Year, out of which 10 burn cases were reported due to lighting of firecrackers. The maximum number of emergency cases was of road traffic accidents, when the service received 215 calls. In fact, the number of emergency cases reported on New Year (222 cases) were more than those reported on Diwali (186 cases), registering a 41.94 per cent hike when compared to a normal day.\"The increase in road accidents seen during these festival days is quite alarming,\" Bhanu Soni of 108 emergency services says.The New Year day also saw more fire incidents (6 fires) than that reported on Diwali (5 fires). \"After Diwali, the fire brigade has handled 10 firecrackers related fires,\" reveals Taparia, even as he attributes less fire incidents on Diwali day to the scare created by the firecracker market fire at Polo Grounds on November 10. \"Laws and acts alone can't give you results, fire prevention should become a habit with the citizens especially when firecrackers are so easily available and when we Indians need no particular reason to enjoy them,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261395", "title": "BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s anti-graft dharna in Patna on November 21", "text": "PATNA: Bihar BJP seems to have girded up its loins to negate the impact of anti-corruption crusader Arvind Kejriwal's yet-to-be-announced political outfit on its constituents and supporters in the state and has planned to stage a two-day dharna against corruption and other issues, beginning November 21.Kejriwal is scheduled to announce the name of his political outfit next week in Delhi while Team Anna of IAC would start its countrywide campaign against corruption from Bihar early next year. The state BJP, however, does not seem to be in mood to cede even part of its base in Bihar either to Kejriwal or reorganized Team Anna.\"Kejriwal has arrived today, but the BJP has been agitating against corruption and other issues of public importance right from the beginning,\" said state BJP spokesman and MLA Prem Ranjan Patel. Kejriwal was in income tax department but did you ever hear him raising voice against any misdemeanour occurring in the department, Patel asked. \"The track record of the BJP on the anti-corruption issue goes as far back as the 1974 students' movement that Jayaprakash Narayan (JP) finally agreed to lead,\" he added.The BJP's rank and file also felt it was party leader L K Advani who formally brought the issue of the need to fight corruption in public imagination through his nationwide Jan Chetna Rath Yatra that he started on October 11 last year from Sitabdiara village in the state's Saran district, the birthplace of JP.The BJP would organize a state-level dharna against corruption and other issues at Kargil Chowk on November 21 which will be followed by district-level dharnas in the state's 38 districts on November 22. \"Our state-level dharna is part of the national campaign,\" BJP's state secretary Surajnandan Mehta said, adding the district-level dharnas had been planned for November 22 because people in general would otherwise be burdened by hangover of the weeklong rituals related to Chhath festivities.BJP's national spokesman Prakash Jawadekar would participate in the November 21 dharna in Patna . \"The issues are corruption, price rise, FDI in multi-brand retail and the Centre's anti-people policies,\" Mehta said, adding the party would also speak on these matters when Parliament meets on November 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260489", "title": "Two children drown in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: A pall of gloom descended on Narendra Nagar locality after two five-year-old children drowned in separate incidents which occurred within a span of 24 hours.Pranay Dhuware fell into a tin-coveredwell in front of his maternal uncle's newly-constructed home at Suyog Nagar on Friday afternoon. The Dhuwares, resident of Narendra Nagar, had gone to meet the relative when their son went walking on the rickety tin cover on the well which caved in under his weight.Pranay's mother Geeta was inconsolable while narrating others how the dreadful dream she had seen a week ago about losing her son had come true. An unconscious Pranay was rushed to the hospital but was declared brought dead. Hudkeshwar police have registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, Vaidehi Selokar fell into an uncovered water tank at Borkute layout on Saturday morning. She was playing with her neighbours when the incident took place. Ajni police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17261658", "title": "Connect to Mysore via this monthlong show", "text": "MYSORE: Think Mysore pak, Mysore masala dosa or Mysore silk and there is an immediate connect to the city that spawned all of these and more. It's this quality about the heritage city that is being showcased at an exhibition here. Aptly titled Namma Mysooru, the exhibition has on display many things that are indigenous to Mysore, have carried the city or district's tag and attained global recognition. Regional Museum of Natural History has organized the monthlong exhibition where products that have made Mysore special and unique will be on display. It was opened to the public in the museum premises on Saturday. The exhibition also aims to educate Mysoreans about their rich heritage and promote tourism. The aim is to create a sense of belongingness and discover hitherto unknown things about Mysore, said scientist C Rajasundarum of the museum. Many Mysoreans are not aware of things used in daily life that are native to the city, he said. Not many are aware of Mysore paintings, characterized by delicate lines, intricate brush strokes, graceful delineation of figures and bright vegetable colours and lustrous gold leaf. More than mere decorative pieces, the paintings are designed to inspire feelings of devotion and humility in the viewer, said Rajasundarum. Namma Mysooru has put up 18 objects that are native to the city as exhibits. There are other natural products that have the GI (Geographical Indicators) tag. Like Mysore mallige (jasmine), Iranagere brinjal, betel leaves and Nanjangud banana - all of which are native to Mysore. Ironically, some of these indigenous products that have GI tags and have lent Mysore their specialty are hardly found and grown across the district, says Rajasundarum. \"The reason is rapid urbanization which is destroying the natural elements of Mysore,\" he said. The exhibition explains the etymology of some of the names. The mouth-watering Mysore pak, for instance, was a chance discovery. Legend has it that the delicacy was first created in the kitchens of the Mysore Palace by a palace cook. The cook simply experimented and made a concoction of besan, ghee and sugar and named it Mysore pak. The rest is history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17261431", "title": "Pro-Kannada activism stalled Balasaheb Thackeray's dreams", "text": "HUBLI: Balasaheb Thackeray's efforts to set his foot in Karnataka through his party Shiv Sena did not bear the desired results, thanks to pro-Kannada activism that prevented the Sena supremo from forming the party in the state. Balasaheb had to be contended with making his presence felt in only in the border district of Belgaum through the Maharashtra Ekikaran Samithi (MES).Balasaheb had a desire to expand his party in Karnataka on the lines of Rajasthan , Gujarat and Delhi. He chose the Marathi-dominated Belgaum district to enter the state. In 2005, he tried to launch his party in the state on the basis of Hindutva, seeking the help of Pramod Mutalik, who was then away from the Sangh Parivar and was looking for a platform to advance the objectives of Hindutva. Pramod Mutalik after having discussion with Balasaheb agreed to form Shiv Sena in the state. Shiva Sena was launched in Bijapur in the presence of former CM of Maharashtra and senior Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi.Shiv Sena started functioning on Hindutva, but it could hardly run for a few months. In November, 2005 Kannada Rakshana Vedike volunteers blackened the face of Belgaum mayor Vijay More for passing a resolution to include Belgaum into Maharashtra. Balasaheb Thackeray's stand on this issue earned him a strong anti-Kannadiga image and also halted the progress of Shiv Sena in the middle.After the pro-MES statement by Thackeray, Pramod Mutalik came out from the Shiv Sena and Shiv Sena was restricted to Belgaum district only. 17220149 Speaking to STOI, Pramod Mutalik, president, Sri Ram Sene, said that Balashaeb was the force behind Hindutva. \"He had a dream of expanding Shiv Sena in the state. But I say with pain that I had to stay away from his plans because of his stand on the border issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262986", "title": "Commissioner sets target for SHOs to curb crime", "text": "JAIPUR: If the SHOs in Jaipur want a good service record, each of them will have to catch at least two chain snatchers, two vehicle-lifters and two burglars in the next 45 days.These are the targets set by commissioner of police BL Soni during a marathon crime meeting held at Rajasthan Police Academy on Saturday. Soni warned of action against those SHOs who fail to meet these targets.Narrating his experiences, Soni said that the residents of Jaipur are very cooperative and well natured. \"The only condition is you need to behave with them properly,\" said Soni.\"Each SHO will have to carry out special campaign against burglaries, chain-snatching and vehicle-lifting. It is necessary that each of them catch at least two chain-snatchers, two vehicle-lifters and two burglars over the next-one-and-a-half months. Whichever police stations have cases of crime pending, they should make an action plan and dispose of them within this period. Police stations are not meant only for lodging cases, but also solving them,\" Soni told the SHOs.Soni also directed the police officials to prepare a database of factory workers and students of higher education institutes and colleges. He directed the officials to take the missing persons' cases more seriously. He also said that the data collected by beat officers will be computerized and scrutinised. He also called directed the officials to deal with the touts at tourists places strictly.Soni also directed the SHOs to dispose of the long pending cases within a month. Not only that, he also gave them a deadline of 15 - 20 days to make a list of all most wanted criminals and nab them.Admitting that the crime graph in the city was on the rise, Soni directed the police officials to submit a list of hardcore wanted criminals to the commissionerate office by Monday. The directions were issued when most SHOs ignored the repeated directions of the commissionerate office to forward a list of wanted criminals.\"The SHOs who don't fare well in the crime control reports will have to face strict action,\" Soni warned during the meeting.He added that on the basis of initiatives taken by the state government, the police department has been provided ample resources. \"The need is to use them properly in crime prevention,\" Soni added.Additional commissioner of police Biju George Joseph said that the police officers should take the crime meeting more seriously. \"Those who don't work should get themselves ready for disciplinary action,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bermo (bokaro)", "code": "17263212", "title": "Central Coalfield Limited fails to control smoke from washery", "text": "BERMO (BOKARO): Sawang washery, which belongs to Central Coalfield Limited (CCL), and its adjoining areas have been shrouded by thick clouds of smoke for the past four months. About 50,000 tonnes of burning coal stock is the origin of the suffocating smoke that is raising concerns of heavy air pollution and health hazards in the neighbourhood on one hand, and the company's pollution control measures on the other.CCL, which is a subsidiary of state-run Coal India Limited , unloaded the stock a year ago. About four months ago, CCL officials management came to know about the fire when they started using the inventory, which then had 1 lakh tonnes of coal. By the time, fire had reached the upper layer of the stock.\"As we removed the upper layer of the coal, flames and smoke started coming out from the layer beneath. We tried to douse the flames but in vain. Fire has spread widely underneath. We have started supplying by mixing this coal with fresh stock,\" said J S Srivastava, project officer, Sawang Coal Washery.Srivastava said the stock must have caught fire from another burning coal dump in the colliery during the blasting process, which is not unusual. \"However, water is being sprinkled through tankers and other measures are being taken to control the fire,\" he added. The reporter, however, did not find any sprinkler on the site.Srivastava further said the only solution is removing the entire stock. But the company did not make any such move. Instead, CCL is planning to exhaust the inventory by supplying the burnt coal along with the fresh stock. While the company is incurring no loss owing to the fire, the delay in action is definitely aggravating environment hazards.If CCL officials are to be believed, the situation will continue to be like this for a few more months until the entire stock is removed. \"CCL has already supplied about 50,000 tonnes to its customers in the past four months. CCL is not suffering any revenue loss,\" said Shrivastava.He added that the coal comes to the washery from different collieries of CCL situated in Bermo area. The coal after reaching here are processed and then supplied to the customers. One tonne coal is being sold at a rate of Rs 5800 while they usually get coal at a cost of Rs 1600 per tonne. The coal which is under fire is termed as Washery Grade-IV coal, and was unloaded here around a year ago.The employees working there said it is suffocating working in such an environment. A guard at the washery, Lalji Paswan, said it was hot there because of the fire. \"Heavy smoke coming out from the stock has made our lives miserable.Several senior CCL officials had came to assess the condition but nothing turned positive,\" he said.Gridhari, a resident said, that the smoke is polluting the area and creating health hazards to the people here. It is badly affecting the environment and CCL is not taking any serious step to control it.a", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264538", "title": "Kajal has no time to marry", "text": "We hear that the Thuppakki girl is extremely happy with the response of her latest release opposite none other than Ilaiyathalapathy Vijay. It was not very long ago, her film opposite Suriya, Maattraan too hit screens. The pretty lady will soon join Karthi and director Rajesh for the comedy caper, All In All Azhagu Raja . Her second Bollywood venture Special Chabbis opposite Akshay kumar is also all set to hit screens", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17262956", "title": "Fake currency racket busted, 7 held", "text": "AJMER: An inter-state gang involved in fake currency business was busted on Saturday. Police arrested seven members of a family belonging to Sarsari village in Ranchi district of Jharkhand. Police also seized counterfeit currency of Rs 1,95,500 in denominations of 1000 and 500 from the area near New Majestic cinema under the Clock Tower police station area. In addition, four mobiles were also recovered from them.According to sources, head constable Mukesh Yadav and constable Gopa Ram were on their routine duty in the Padav market. They grew suspicious of one Noorani Ansari, who was trying to buy 1 kg of bananas by paying Rs 1,000. \"He was looking like a labourer and was carrying a bundle of Rs 500 notes and gave a Rs 1,000 note to a fruit seller,\" said a police official.\"The beat constable took Ansari to the police station and on searching him, five more 1,000 rupee notes were recovered, all of them were found fake after examining, said Rajesh Meena, SP, Ajmer. As per his information, five of his accomplices were also arrested from the area, added Meena.The fake notes looked like original ones but to clear their doubt police called bank officials to testify their authenticity. The process took several hours. After the bank officials confirmed the notes were fake, the other accused were arrested.\"Police arrested Noorani Ansari, Gulshan Ansari, Aurangjeb Ansari, Iftekar Ansari, Naumi Ansari, Inayat and Liyakat Ansari - all members of the same family,\" Meena said.They said they had received the counterfeit currency from one Jameel Khan of Ranchi, and agreed to pay Rs 45,000 in lieu of Rs 70,000 fake currency, added Meena.\"Apart from the fake money, four mobiles have also been recovered from them. We are investigating if they have any local contact in Ajmer,\" he said.The racket was busted just after Diwali festival and police are also investigating if any of the fake currency was circulated in the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17261338", "title": "Gajapati encounter deceased not linked to Maoists, say kin", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Relatives of persons killed in the recent encounter in Gajapati district have denied that their dear ones were linked with the outlawed Maoist organization. Most of them were even ignorant of their presence in the dense forests of Bhaliaguda, where the gunbattle took place. \"My husband was neither a Maoist nor linked with them,\" said Laxmi, wife of Ghasiram Bagsingh of Kandhamal's Mardhapanka village.Bagsingh (32) was the former samiti member of Saramuli panchayat. \"He had left home on some work for Bramhanigaon on Tuesday and never returned. We came to know only on Thursday that he and four more were killed in encounter,\" Laxmi said.Similar were the words of Basanti, wife of Laxmi Kanta Nayak of Ludurimunda within Tikabali police limits, who also died in the encounter. \"He along with Junesh Digal had gone to invite some relatives for a function. They did not return home. I came to know of his death from a villager,\" said Basanti, adding that he had no link with Maoists. Junesh was arrested by security forces during a combing operation after an encounter.Sumson Majhi (58) of Bhingiriguda, who was also killed in the encounter, was president of the local committee. \"I was surprised how my brother was branded as a Maoist and killed,\" said Yudhistira, Sumson's younger brother. \"I think they might be gone to the Maoist camp after been called,\" said Luksana Majhi, a local BJD leader whose nephew Aiba Padra (22) of Bujili village was also killed in the exchange of fire. The other deceased is Sanatan Mallick (30) of Gaheju village.The relatives of the deceased had come to MKCG Medical College and Hospital to collect the bodies. Convener of Jana Adhikar Manch Dandapani Mohanty said the statement of the relatives points to the fact that they were innocent villagers and were gunned down while returning after discussing the problems in their area with Maoist leaders. \"As police have killed innocent people, we want a compensation of Rs 20 lakh from the government to the family members of each of the deceased,\" he said.Police, however, said they were Maoists. \"If they were not Maoists, why should they go to their camp inside the forest,\" asked a senior police officer, adding their link with Red rebels is being verified.In Kandhamal, some activists have alleged that it was a fake encounter and urged the government for a judicial inquiry into the incident by a sitting high court judge and registration of a murder case against police for killing five innocent villagers. \"We knew three of those killed. They were engaged in different social and people welfare activities in Bramhanigaon and were not Maoists,\" said former Daringibadi panchayat samiti chairman and leader of Odisha Adivasi Manch Junesh Pradhan.Misappropriation of BPL rice was unearthed due to an agitation by Bagsingh and Majhi in Saramuli panchayat. This had led to the arrest of the sarpanch of panchayat Kamala Pattamahi on October 10, said Mohanty. \"We suspect the role of the sarpanch in the fake encounter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "great beginning", "code": "17264238", "title": "Gala time at IIM Lucknow", "text": "Great beginning: INDEX 2012, the two-day annual market research fair of IIM-Lucknow, turned out to be popular affair going by the sheer number of visitors apart from students it managed to attract on Day 1. The various stalls, not to mention activities like the nukkad natak and the vintage car show, got attention. \"Every year, I make sure I attend this fest and this time they have made it even more interesting with the exhibition of vintage cars\" shared Nadeem, a regular visitor.  \"INDEX is the oldest fest at IIML and every year we try to incorporate something new in it. This year we have the exhibition of vintage cars,\" informed Nikhil, one of the members of the organizing committee. The sunny weather prompted the students to take shelter beneath the many tents. Others resorted to covering their heads with the winterwear, which also doubled up as protective covering for the laptops the students had carried with themselves. Socially inclined: The street plays (nukkad natak) presented by students from different Lucknow colleges were on various social ills and the need to do away with them. While some were aimed at human trafficking, others looked at children's issues and honour killings. However, after the somewhat serious plays, it was time for some fun when the visitors began participating in contests like reciting tongue twisters to win gift hampers. Interesting lines like \"Dubey Dubai main doob gaye' had the crowd roaring with laughter at whoever attempted to repeat them. There were other events lined up for the evening, including a dance competition, a Sarod performance and a piano recital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260990", "title": "More trains unlikely to stop at Kalamassery", "text": "KOCHI: The sharp decline in freight movement from Kalamassery railway station is set to adversely affect the long-time demand for stopping more trains at this station.Railways has been stating that it would take steps to allot stop for more trains in Kalamassery only if the earnings from here improved.Sources in the railways said passenger earnings from this station were very low and therefore at least freight earnings from here should be high to allot stop for more trains.\"The freight movement from the station has declined sharply. Earlier the station used to handle 20 wagons every three days and 200 wagons per month. But last month it was almost nil,\" said a senior official at the station.He said recommendation to allot stop for more trains here would be sent only if it becomes financially viable. \"The facilities at the station are underutilized,\" he added. At present only two trains stop at this station.\"It would be really beneficial for passengers if more trains stop here as then they will not have to go to railway stations in the city to catch trains,\" said all Kerala railway passengers association general secretary Mathew Paul. There are also demands to stop more trains at Edapally and Tripunithura stations. Though Union minister of state for civil supplies K V Thomas recently said that railways had agreed to allot stop for Vanchinadu Express at Edapally, railway officials said they had not received any communication in this regard from the headquarters.Railways has been stating that it would take steps to allot stop for more trains in Kalamassery only if the earnings from here improved", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260630", "title": "Mayor orders cleaning drive for Moharram", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Peeved over the rampant complaints over deteriorating sanitary conditions in the city, mayor Abhilasha Gupta Nandi inspected various streets in the city through which Muharram processions were to be taken out on Saturday. She also inspected Balughat Baradari following complaints in the ongoing Kartik Mela.During the inspection, drain water was found overflowing near the Qaziji Ki Masjid. People of the area regularly complain over the constant overflowing of the drains in the morning and evening hours but their woes have not been solved. Huge amount of silt was found lying in the drains which result in periodic overflowing of water.In addition to this, heaps of garbage was found lying on both the sides of the road leading to Imambara Daira Shah Ajmal. The slab lying on the side of the road was found broken in Kalhan Tola.The negligence of the AMC officers was evident on the main GT Road near Nakhas Kohna where a sewer chamber was found to be broken. This is the main road of the city where the Muharram processions would be taken out. This chamber is located in Nakhas Kohna area just adjacent to the Shahganj police station.In addition to this, many streets of the city are in dilapidated condition where the Moharram processions would be taken out. The lane of Minhajpur where Moharram procession was being taken was found in pitiable condition. Huge amount of garbage was found near City Nursing Home.Hue amount of garbage was also seen in Baran Tala locality. The lanes of the Sujat Khan Ki Saraiya locality were found in damaged condition. Many pits were found in the area of Rasoolpur. The pipelines in Rasoolpur was also found in damaged condition. The street lights of this area was also not functioning. Huge amount of garbage was found in the area of Atala.The mayor also inspected the Karbala area. Piles of garbage was found on the road leading to Karbala. The Old GT Road was found in a dilapidated condition. Some of the high-mast street lights installed near the Karbala was also found in non-functioning state.Mayor Abhilasha Gupta gave instructions to the municipal officers to undertake steps for ensuring cleanliness of the Moharram routes and immediate repairing of damaged roads and streets. Further, arrangements should be made for replacing of all the fused tube lights so that proper illumination can be ensured, the mayor added.Later, the mayor also inspected the Baradari located at Baluaghat. There was large accumulation of mud on the ghat. The mayor instructed for placing of sand bags near the ghat so that people did not face any problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261423", "title": "A low profile man, only his deals spoke", "text": "LUCKNOW: From selling snacks outside a country liquor shop in Adarsh Nagar area of Moradabad in early 60s to becoming an undisputed booze baron of Uttar Pradesh, Gurdeep Singh Chadha's transition to Ponty Chadha, the owner of a Rs 6,000 crore empire, is a typical rags-to-riches story.Ponty's death in a shootout at their Chattarpur (near Mehrauli in Delhi) farm house on Saturday in which his brother Hardeep was also killed, will perhaps end up as an isolated case that is sure to leave its impact on government policies in Uttar Pradesh and beyond. Ponty was among a few who was as close to Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati as he was to Samajwadi Party (SP) president Mulayam Singh Yadav.Known for keeping a low public profile, Chadha was rarely in news for anything other than his business deals. It was this phantom-like quality that intrigued media the most. He would visit UP chief minister at Lucknow at 6 am and would be fire fighting business deals at his 10 acre farmhouse in Chattarpur (Delhi) and reading religious before breakfast two hours later. Though he was often seen dressed in Armani designers but was also equally comfortable wearing casuals particularly at home.People say it was Ponty's nack to work the system to his advantage that brought him the business that he owned. The urge to make it big was so strong that the disability in both hands, which were a result of suffering from electric shock while flying kites as a child, could not hold him back from realizing his dreams.Chadha took his first big leap during the regime of Mulayam Singh Yadav as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh in 2007. As CM, Mulayam inaugurated his Wave mallcum-multiplex in Lucknow. But Chadha's empire saw a exponential growth after Mayawati handed over liquor licences to him in 2009 which gave him the monopoly over the liquor trade in the state.The guest list for the marriage of Ponty's daughter Harleen to Harmann in February this year itself speaks of the connections that he had with the political bigwigs in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Haryana, Punjab and Maharashtra and Delhi as well. Right from the Akali Dal's Sukhbir Badal and Congressman Amarinder Singh from Punjab to former Haryana chief minister Om Prakash Chautala , Samajwadi Party leader Ramgopal Yadav, BSP ex-MP Akbar Ahmad Dumpy and Delhi minister AS Lovely were present to bless the newly weds.Industrialist Vijay Mallya and businessman Suresh Nanda also rubbed shoulders with the 2,000-odd guests at their farmhouse in Chhattarpur where Ponty and his brother fell to bullets on Saturday. Both Mayawati and Mulayam however were concipicuous by their absence.Just a few days before that income-tax sleuths had raided his establishments across UP, Delhi and NCR. although the raids couldn't yield much, his connections in the right places ensured that the finance ministry replaced SS Rana with Madhavan Nair as member investigation in the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) shortly after the much publicized \"search-and-survey\". It is believed that it was the controversy over Chadha's companies being allocated a number of hydro power projects in Uttarakhand that added to the eventual ouster of Pokhriyal as CM.Diversification in business surfaced as virtually the need of the hour in the Chadha group as the family was no longer comfortable with the lable of liquor baron. New roles were being defined for everyone, including himself. Operating from his farmhouse, the best way to avoid public glare, Ponty would look after the Wave Group's liquor business strategy while brother Rajinder will shuttle between Ludhiana and Aligarh, some to the group's breweries, and micro manage operations.Chadha Jr in Dad's footstepsPonty's son Manpreet 'Monty' Chadha, who dropped out of Welham Boys' School in Dehradun while he was still in High School, had opted for real estate ventures and poultry to mark his entry into the family business barely a year ago.He has already made a name for himself among builders in the National Capital Region (NCR) after offering homes for as little as Rs.19 lakh in Noida. A confidant young man, Monty believed that the new ventures would help the family acquire an improved image of a conglomerate with interests in sectors stretching from real estate to sugar to education to poultry. Helping Monty in the makeover is Barbara Delinc, a Czech marketer poached from global real estate firm Jones Lang LaSalle, who will help the Wave Group acquire a new logo and a style statement.Monty plans to import Dutch cutters capable of processing 6,000 chickens in an hour. Machines imported from Israel will also help him to keep hens under controlled climatic conditions instead of open or semi-closed enclosures as is the current practice. His moderately-priced broilers to hit stores later this year may trigger India's first-ever chicken war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261565", "title": "Spa owner cheats bank using cloned cards, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: A 49-year-old businessman was arrested on Saturday by the bank fraud wing of the city police on charges of cheating a nationalized bank.V Anbu, who has been running 'Moon Holiday' massage parlours in T Nagar and Uthandi and 'Ayur Plus Therapy Centre' in T Nagar, had requested Axis Bank to install electronic data capturing (EDC) units (used to swipe credit and debits cards) at three of his parours. He then used cloned credit cards to credit cash into his bank account using these units, police said.The Axis Bank asked its risk control unit to probe the case after two foreign banks disputed a few credit card transactions made through Axis Bank's EDCs. Initial inquiries revealed that the credit cards, which turned out to be cloned, were used at the Axis Bank-installed EDCs in the spas owned by Anbu.After a formal notice was sent to Anbu, the bank cancelled the licence issued to him. A complaint made by Axis Bank's risk control unit to the police commissioner was forwarded to the bank fraud unit.Police teams began a hunt for Anbu who was then abroad. On Saturday, based on a tip-off, police traced Anbu to a place in T Nagar. A check of his bag found an air ticket to Dubai on Saturday and a visa. \"Had he not been caught, he would have flown abroad,\" an investigation officer said.Anbu, a native of Thanjavur, has studied till Class 12. His family has traditionally been into ayurveda treatment, police said adding that Anbu continued the tradition.Police said they were verifying if Anbu had cheated other banks in a similar fashion. \"We are also looking into whether he had links with credit card scamsters. We will take Anbu under police custody to reveal more about the modus operandi,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "17263150", "title": "2 held for links with criminal group", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Bhandra police in Lohardaga nabbed two shooters of Indian Tiger Army, an armed group active in Lohardaga, Gumla, Ranchi, Simdega and Latehar areas involved in of abduction, loot and collecting illegal levy.In a press conference here on Saturday, Lohardaga SP Jitendra Kumar Singh, said a team of Bhandra police headed by SI Nagendra Prasad nabbed Anish Oraon alias Pintu Oraon of Turi Amba Toli of Bharno in Gumla and Ritesh Oraon of Ita Chindari of Bedo in Ranchi while they were engaged in a road robbery at Masmano village under the Bhanra police station on Friday.\"Police seized two pistols, three cartridges, four cell phones, a motorcycle from their possession. The mobike was looted from Bedo's old petrol pump on September 3, 2012,\" the SP said. He added that the arrested criminals confessed to their involvement in 11 cases lodged against them at Narkopi, Bedo, Sisai, Bharno and Bhandra.The SP said this group of 11 criminals had on November 12 opened fire at Ashok Sahu's house and had left behind a pamphlet demanding a levy of Rs 10 lakh. \"The incident had created havoc in Bhandra that earlier remained peaceful. The remaining members of the group have been identified. Police will soon put them behind bars,\" the SP said.tnndar Chandreshwar Paswan and constables Anup Dungdung, Jovakeem Tirkey, Jogeshwar Oraon, Vishun Nayak and Sanjay were given cash rewards by the SP.Terming members of the Indian Tiger Army as \"criminals\", the SP said there was no confirmation that the group had any connection with any Maoist group in the area. Singh said that the activitiers of the group were under police scanner. He said they had taken levy from some development schemes and stone crusher owners. However, no complaint has yet been made by any of the persons who have paid levy or have faced extortion demand from the group.'This group is using over 50 sim cards which all are under scanner,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261500", "title": "A tale of two babies, and a theft", "text": "CHENNAI: After a 22-day hunt for the woman who stole a newborn from a hospital, the city police on Friday stumbled upon the thief, a 22-year-old woman. And with that emerged the tale of a homemaker whose repeated abortions drove her to the crime.It turned out that the longevity of J Yogeshwari's marriage to her welder husband hinged on her ability to conceive a baby. When she failed a third time, she chose to steal one and enact a drama. That fell through when a police team in search of a burglar in Tondiarpet chanced upon her and the stolen baby. For Kalaiarasi, 28, and her autorickshaw driver husband Ravi, who lost their baby at a hospital, it is not yet a happy reunion with their child, as police are awaiting DNA tests.The couple's two-day-old daughter had gone missing from the RSRM Hospital in Royapuram on October 25. A CCTV camera caught an orange saree-clad woman walking away with the baby.When an infant was found on a suburban train on November 8, police thought it could be the missing baby. Kalairasi too claimed the baby as hers, but now things have become complicated.For the police, it was an unexpected catch. \"While talking to some informers, our teams searching for a burglar in Tondiarpet came to know that a woman in the neighbourhood had recently brought home a baby saying she gave birth without hospitalization. That was the breakthrough,\" said north Chennai joint commissioner of police K Shankar.Policemen found Yogeshwari and the child in a crammed dwelling in Parameshwaran Nagar. When she didn't give convincing answers, they took her in for questioning and out came the confession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17262150", "title": "Navsari constable arrested for helping thieves", "text": "SURAT: A Navsari police constable was recently arrested by Mumbai police for allegedly helping thieves who were involved in a break-in in the megapolis' Vasai area. Manhar Meena (35), who was arrested on November 7, was remanded in police custody till Thursday and then sent to judicial custody.Valuables worth Rs 13 lakh were reportedly stolen from a house on November 2. A case was registered at Manekpur police station in this connection. The robbery had been carried out by at least seven people. Mumbai police in their investigation found that a gang from Nepal was involved. The police soon traced two accused in Mathura and collected information from them. They then reached Navsari to nab the accused cop.These two told police that when they were on their way to Nepal with the jewellery and other valuables via Surat, their bus was stopped at Navsari. Meena was checking the bus and also inspected their bags. Meena found the valuables with them and questioned the thieves. However, the thieves were not able to give satisfactory reply to him as to from where they had got the valuables. He threatened to arrest them. The thieves agreed to hand over the valuables to Meena. The police constable took the stolen material and allowed the thieves to go.Meena had taken the help of his friend Yaseen Rangrej to collect the stolen material from the thieves. Mumbai police had arrested Rangrej also. Meena, who was posted in Navsari town police station since 2010, had joined police 10 years ago. \"Meena was arrested by Mumbai police and he will be soon suspended,\" police inspector, Navsari, P U Khetariya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17260921", "title": "'BJP must stop divisive habits'", "text": "MARGAO: Goa Congress president Subhash Shirodkar accused the BJP-led government of discrimination with regard to the distribution of government schemes, and in particular with the implementation of the Laadli Laxmi scheme, and called for an end to such divisive practices.Shirodkar was addressing mediapersons after having convened a meeting with Congress party members in a private hotel in Margao on Saturday. The meeting was attended by zilla panchayat members and village panchayat elected representatives to discuss the grievances that panch members face .\"We are going to demand that provisions are made for better financial support to the panchayat raj institutions so that they are empowered to carry out their development works and are not held back due to shortage of funds,\" said Shirodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267353", "title": "Rihanna serves tequila to fans in Stockholm", "text": "Rihanna , who is travelling around the globe for her 777 tour, stopped a little longer in Swedish capital Stockholm to treat her fans tequila at the bar Bern.A competition winner, Rosie from San Fransisco, was flown over to watch the 24-year-old singer and was then treated to drink served to her and others by the mega-star.\"There were like, 30 shots of Tequila at the bar and she poured them all, she was serving the drinks! She pulled funny faces when she drank them though,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling the gossip website Sugarscape.\"She was all about her fans, chatting to everyone. She had her arms around us, she was talking in our ear. I told her my life story!\" she said.The 'Umbrella' singer kept topping up drinks for the 45 minutes that she was in the bar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261678", "title": "LPG distributors sweat as they come to 'know' their consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: As LPG distributors struggle with the complicated process of collecting know your consumer (KYC) forms from dubious consumers, they are now facing new problems everyday. There are cases where the original subscription voucher (SV) owner of the connection is no more but the connection is being used by the heirs. The connection has been passed down generations without furnishing any proof of death or the claimant's relationship with the owner.An oil company official says, \"The consumers must realise a cylinder is not an item or an article. It is a license issued for LPG consumption. If the owner has expired, the license cannot be used freely by his next generation, instead it needs to be either surrendered or transferred legally. Using somebody else's connection is illegal, even if the owner is your blood relative.\" Uttar Pradesh has around 1.36 crore LPG connections, out of which around 15-20 per cent connections have been passed on to heirs without any official transfer.When the ministry of petroleum and natural gas announced subsidy cap on cylinders and a number of strict regulations after that, including submitting KYC forms, many such cases and problems surfaced which had remained unnoticed until now.\"Normally, a connection is in the name of the head of the family. If he dies, people never bothered to register his death and his connection was passed on to his next generation and so on without even caring to get it transferred legally. All of a sudden, such cases have sprung up from nowhere. We are facing up to four such cases in our office daily while checking the KYC forms\", said a distributor. To deal with the current confusion prevailing in the sector, agencies are issuing non-subsidised cylinders to consumers for the time being, irrespective of consumer's genuineness. An official said, \"This is a measure to ensure that no one gets subsidised cylinder on false claims. Right now, we are not sure whether the connection is genuine or not because we are still in the process of preparing our KYC database. To do away with any mistake, this is a temporary initiative.\" As per industry sources, about 90 per cent consumers are being given non-subsidised cylinders to minimise chances of error.The companies would soon adapt to new software that would compile database of all the three oil companies and would weed out duplication and defaulters. \"Once our system is upgraded with this software, we would easily know who are genuine and vice-versa. We would be able to give the three subsidised cylinders to consumers which have been earmarked for the second half of 2012- 2013\", he adds.The ministry had announced a clear-cut policy for such gifting and transfer cases towards the end of October. The new consumer will have to submit the death certificate of the original owner, his relationship proof with the same and an affidavit prepared on the pre-set format of the company. If the ownership transfer is among blood relatives, there is no charge of differential security amount but if the cylinder has been gifted or given to anybody else other than his blood relative, the claimant has to pay the difference in the security deposit. The present security amount is Rs 1,450 per connection plus Rs 150 more for the regulator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17261870", "title": "CD case further weakens as 2 key witnesses turn hostile", "text": "SHIMLA: The corruption case slapped on former chief minister Virbhadra Singh and his wife Pratibha Singh weakened further as two high-profile prosecution witnesses in the open court denied that they had made any testimony before the investigating agency about having bribed their way to obtain clearances for industrial projects.Appearing before the court of special judge B L Soni, retired octogenarian prosecution witness Kapil Mohan, owner of Mohan Meakin Limited, denied that any illegal money was paid to avert installation of an effluent treatment plant at his Solan brewery. Mohan said that no investigating officer had visited him and recorded his testimony, which the prosecution was relying upon in the case.Special public prosecutor Jiwan Lal pointed out that the Solan brewery had been asked to install a treatment plant in 1983 and a notice had been served in 1989 by the state pollution control board that the water and electricity connection would be severed unless it was done so at the earliest. The prosecution had produced Mohan as a witness holding that he had authorized an employee, H N Handa, to bribe the authorities for avoiding an investment of about Rs 6 crore involved in installing the treatment plant. However, the key witness in the case denied any such thing had ever happened.The other witness who has turned hostile is P C Jain, an employee of Gujarat Ambuja Cement. The prosecution claimed he had handed over Rs 3 lakh to Virbhadra Singh at Himachal Bhawan in presence of Ambuja Cement chairman Suresh Neotia in 1989 for obtaining clearance for setting up a cement plant in the state. Another Rs 2 lakh were given to Pratibha Singh, the prosecution claimed in a testimony attributed to have been recorded at Jain's residence by the investigating team.However, in the court Jain denied he had recorded any statement before the investigating team, but on cross-examination the witness accepted that a police team had visited him at his residence, who were offered tea. Implicating the former chief minister, the prosecution stated in court that \"as per procedure prescribed, approval of the cement plant was to be accorded by the sub-committee of four ministers but the accused accorded approval without obtaining consent of two ministers\".On Friday, prime witness Vijay Singh Mankotia had partially turned hostile when he caused doubts to arise about authenticity of the voice in the two-decade-old recorded telephonic conversation. Before the judge adjourned the hearing and posted the case for December 1, the prosecution also recorded the statements of two police officials, Daljeet Thakur, then SP vigilance bureau, and head constable Jagdeep Mokat, who were involved with the investigation of the case, on Saturday.Of the total 61 witnesses, 23 have testified in court and the prosecution had decided not to summon another 10 in the case. The rest are still to present themselves before the judge. After the prosecution had filed a chargesheet before the trial court in October 2010, the special judge had framed charges in the case on June 25, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260681", "title": "His network cut across party lines", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is said that every contract or business Ponty Chadha eyed became his \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and much before the charade of auctions was played out.Ponty was known for his ability to turn the free-flowing liquor from his vends into a viscous glue that bound him to politicians across ideologies and parties. And make him flourish.No wonder, on the cusp of winning power in Uttar Pradesh this March, the first family of the Samajwadi Party didn't hesitate to show up at the same ill-fated Chhatarpur farmhouse hours after Akhilesh Yadav had barely come off the microphone promising to end Chadha's illegalities under Mayawati. Not just them, former Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh too never shied away from acknowledging his ties with the liquor baron.Politicians of all hues, bureaucrats of all dispensations, brokers of all shapes bowed to this master of the liquor trade \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and as years went by, of much more.Only someone confident of his ability to negotiate the Mulayam-Mayawati political minefield of UP would have risked investments of that scale in the state.The story of how Ponty lost an arm as a young man in Bareilly speaks volumes about his obsessiveness.He was flying kites with a metal string which got entangled with a live electric wire. But Ponty didn't let go. He rolled back the string while trying to untangle the kite from the main power line. The continuing electric shock from the live wire forced an amputation.Target-obsessedThe incident showed his obsession with the target on hand. Very early in his career, Ponty realized that political patronage was the key to success in business. And decided he would cultivate politicians better than anyone else.So, the man who made it big under Mulayam Singh Yadav also went on to capture liquor business under his arch-rival Mayawati, and while at it, snapped up five sugar mills belonging to the state government for a song. Ponty's business had morphed into a behemoth with massive investments in liquor, sugar, malls, paper, and real estate in UP.It's said he knew what made political leaders happy, what were their passion, love and weaknesses. \"That is why he was close to both SP and BSP in UP, and both Akali Dal and Congress in Punjab,\" said a political researcher. Mulayam Singh Yadav gave him a foothold in UP. But that did not stop him from spreading his wings under Mayawati regime. It's said that when faced with problems in the BSP regime, he bypassed the most powerful bureaucrat of the regime, known as single-window clearance, to connect with the chief minister through a junior IAS. And went on to thrive.In Mayawati's reign, Ponty grew his liquor business - he became the sole distributor of liquor in UP, and acquired distilleries and sugar mills. It's said despite his aversion for publicity, Ponty was known to every tippler in the state. Vends in UP charged Rs 20 above the sale price on every bottle, fully aware that consumers had no choice in the face of Ponty's monopoly. Even small change of Rs 5 and 10 was returned to buyers in the form of small packets of munchies, the brand called \"khao pio\". The salted mixture is also produced by Chadha bros!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263048", "title": "Drunk driving tops road mishap cases", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Medical College Hospital handles 76 accident cases daily on an average. Of these, drunken driving caused 38% accidents, a snap survey by the People's Health Initiative (PHI) revealed.\"Official statistics, provided on the state police's website, says a negligible 0.002% of accidents were caused by drunken driving. Though the survey did not look at the specifics, like the proportion of accidents linked to drunken driving, this mammoth discrepancy in figures can lead to one conclusion: majority of drunk drivers go scot-free, and the crime is repeated,'' said Dr C Jayan, convener of PHI.The PHI had conducted the survey as part of the World Day of Remembrance, which falls on Sunday, to remember the victims of road accidents.Dr Jayan said the modern day trauma deaths have its roots outside the domain of medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "17263264", "title": "Two-day Nai Talim conference begins", "text": "WARDHA: Commercialization of education should be stopped. Education must be concerned with an individual's livelihood and morality. Education must impart techniques that would ensure employment for the student. In fact, Nai Talim is such type of education system whose foundation was laid by Gandhiji in 1937,\" said Samdhong Rinpoche, former president of Tibetan government in exile. He was addressing the opening session of the two-day Nai Talim conference at Wardha on Saturday.Nai Talim is celebrating 75 years of Buniyadi Talim (basic education), which was introduced by Mahatma Gandhi. On October 1937, an all India educational conference was organized at Wardha under Gandhi's leadership. At this conference, he had announced plans to replace Macaulay's education by what he called Buniyadi Shiksha at school level, as an organic component of Nai Talim.To commemorate the occasion, more than 500 activists from educational field are participating at the two-day conference to discuss new direction for education. Expressing his views on Nai Talim, president of AIFRTE Dr Anil Sadgopal said, \"Nai Talim covered the entire spectrum of education. The Gandhian vision of education at all levels needs to be conceived as an organic whole for bringing about social transformation.\"T Karunakaran, ex-director of Mahatma Gandhi Institute of Rural Industrialization (MGIRI), Wardha, said, \"Today's education system is completely commercial and Nai Talim is the only replacement in this scenario.\"25 arrested for gamblingWardha: The local crime branch (LCB) conducted raids at three different places and arrested 25 persons, including many prominent citizens, involved in gambling on Friday midnight. Police also confiscated equipment worth more than Rs5.5 lakh.It is learnt, two former councillors Meghsam Khadse and Imran Jamadurani, contractor Manish Gagamwar who is learnt to have close ties with state minister Ranjeet Kamble, and noted businessman Rajendra Rajpurohit are among those arrested. The accused were produced in the court on Saturday. It is learnt, the LCB raided Rajyog Sport Club at Vanjari Square and arrested six persons.including Rajesh Jaiswal (39), Anwar Khan Pathan (32), Mukhatyar Sheikh Kadar sheikh (40), Jangdish Gautam (52), Ritesh Jaiswal (26), Praful Gilabe (35)Nine persons were arrested in another raid at M Press Sport Association in Gorakshan Ward. they are Anup Jaiswal(35), Rajkumar Yadav (22), Jitendra Shajida (34), Meghsham Khadse (50), Rajendra Rajpurohit (36), Ratnakar Bankar (39), Manoj Jagtap (40), Asharad Khan (60), Imran Jamadurani (49)In the third raid at a rented house in Gandhi Nagar, 10 persons were arrested. Shankar Shende (37), Shabbar Ali (42), Nitin Patil (32), Bhimrao Dhote (52), Umesh Durvar (28), Nishikant Satole (52), Pankaj Sayankar (31), Sai Mungale (19), Krushana Sorate (41) and Manish Gagamwar (40) while involved in gambling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261920", "title": "A festival Kolkata can be proud of", "text": "KOLKATA: About 100 people trooped into an overflowing Nandan showing Michael Haneke's Amour. A while later some clamoured to leave. Those who stayed on despite their uncomfortable perch on crowded steps, made Kolkata Film Festival a filmmaker's delight. For, thumbing its nose at naysayers, 18th KIFF saw a proud collection of film lovers, at the screenings and in the Addas, seminars, talks and Open Forums.And those who left? They announced that they'd come looking for skin, and were least interested in love that exists when the skin has wrinkled. When the bed is not for a romp but for nursing to health. When a lover's physical fitness shows not in his climaxes as in snuffing out the painful cries of his suffering wife. Mrinal Sen, who did not like Bertolucci's Me and You, did not move through Amour. \"Brilliant!\" is how director Suman Mukherjee describes the Golden Palm winner. \"Asambhab bhalo,\" Aparajita Sinha from Hyderabad described it before critiquing it from an Indian perspective.And then a fresh bunch trooped in to watch A Royal Affair. Again, they came out stirred by Danish Arcel's palace intrigue where Struensee, the German personal physician to Denmark's King Christian, fell in love with the Queen, Caroline from England, and together influenced the mentally deranged king to introduce, in 1770s, sweeping social and political reforms in a Europe waking up to civil liberties after Voltaire and before Guillotine.Saheb Chatterjee came by whenever he could, because he could \"meet so many people from so many lands, directors big or small.\" He loved Holy Motors, a surreal, fantasy drama from France's Leos Corax which competed for this year's top prize at Cannes. Saheb was also moved by Bertrand Bonello's portrayal of House of Tolerance, living its last days at the dawn of 20th century. In that closed world of prostitutes, girls shared their secrets, fears and joys as some men fell in love and some became viciously harmful.Srijit Mukherjee ecstatically described Separation as \"unthinkable.\" The director of Autograph also confessed to a \"partiality towards the film-within-film structure\" that explains his enchantment with Harishchandrachi Factory. Art afficionado Sudipta Sen had seen four films, including Moretti's Pope and the American Beasts of the Southern Wild, and \"liked all four, with a slight difference of degrees.\" Corporate executive Debasis Sengupta saw four and \"simply loved Dorota's Tomorrow Will Be Better\" although The Hunt and Beast... were \"equally impressive.\" NRI doctor Dipankar Ghosh had \"loved Miss Lovely, a dark comedy for international viewers,\" on Indian porn business that thrived in 1980-90s. Sugato Roy, associate director of Path Ghat, was \"disgusted\" by the \"viewers who're still looking for pornography\" but he \"loved both the films\" he managed to see - Amour and Royal Affair.If a film festival is all about films, then 18KFF was a clear winner. The diversity of countries, directors, styles and stories lived up to the promise of opening with the cineaste's choice, A Separation. A festival that functions with a minimalist budget can't fork out dollars. A filmmaker, on the other hand, must send his creations to Cannes-Berlin-Venice where even selection spells marketing bonanzas. In the event, 18KFF has attained a remarkable balance of new and old names, ranging from 'First' to 'Third' worlds, dealing with narrative or experimenting with structure. It had celluloid masters Antonioni or Tarkovsky, in their centenary year; it had departed giant Angelopoulos; it discovered a new horizon in Polish Dorota; it brought us African experiences. While it didn't forget Bangladesh or Nepal, it helped today's youth rediscover the heritage in its own backyard, through Mukti, Kalpana, Neecha Nagar, Pehla Aadmi, Harishchandrachi Factory and The Celluloid Man.Any cineaste knows that Cannes or Berlin hold their position by the sheer strength of the films they attract. If Kolkata cannot be bracketed with them, surely it can stand alongside Karlovy Vary, Tokyo or Cairo - many of which don't have the intellectual give-and-take of KFF's Addas and seminars. As for its \"crass\" opening: even Cannes boasts of Hollywood glitteratti, Venice of stars from Rome, and IFFI of Rekhas from Bollywood. Why, even Kolkata had, some five years back, Vidya Balan as 'thali girl'.An inauguration, at the end of the day, is the band-baaja that announces the arrival of the baraat. If an actor who increases the glamour quotient was not considered wrong then, how can it be wrong now? Or is anyone suggesting that it was \"crass\" to have Amitabh Bachchan, speaking of Bengal's contribution to Indian Cinema that turns 100, in Soumitra Chatterjee's homeground?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262080", "title": "Time for fasting, prayer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chhath Puja commenced with a rigorous fasting tradition and a ritualistic bath on Saturday afternoon. Devotees across the Tricity started the preparations for the festival by buying sugarcane, fruits and earthen pots. To pay salutation to the Sun God and perform the ritualistic \"puja,\" thousands of devotees including 20,000-25,000 families are expected to gather at the Sector 42 lake on Monday and Tuesday.Devotees bought \"samagri\" for the \"puja\", besides flowers, sugarcane, fruit, lemons and \"diyas' on Saturday, which will remain untouched in most homes till the \"puja\" day on Monday.\"In the family, one woman takes the lead in the festivity, and no non-vegetarian food is cooked or served at home. Onion and garlic too is not consumed,\" says Kamakhya Devi, 75, who has been doing \"puja\" for five decades now. \"Bail patra\" and \"kala chana\" are also bought by certain families. \"All the things that are bought for the 'puja' are sacred and are not opened till the day of the 'puja' at the lake,\" says Reema Prabhu, who has been performing the \"puja\" here for the last several years.'Gur ki kheer', the traditional sweet \"prasadam,\" and \"pura\" made with jaggery, will be made in Tricity households on Monday. The person who takes the lead in the family for the \"puja\" or the one who observes the fast cooks the \"prasadam\" herself.The Chhath Puja is primarily celebrated in families hailing from Bihar and eastern Uttar Pradesh. The fast, which is mostly observed by women, who abstain from water and food, is often cited as the toughest fasts in Indian tradition.\"The first day of the 'puja' is called 'nahay khaye.' The house is cleaned thoroughly and the devotees take a bath in the afternoon. No onion or garlic is used at home and even the family members who are not fasting don't consume it,\" says Prabhu Nath Shahi, devotee and secretary, Purvanchal Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17259781", "title": "Away from 'maili' Ganga, they bank on their rooftop", "text": "PATNA: The district administration may have girded up its loins to make the Ganga ghats fit for use during the four-day Chhath festivities, but many of the city's devotees on fast for the occasion, known locally as 'parvaitins' or 'parvaitis', and their family folks have on their mind their rooftops, not the Ganga, from where they wish to worship the Sun god.Manish Rai of Buddha Colony will carry the 'dalas' and 'soops' of his fasting mother, but he will have to walk hardly a hundred yards to reach the ghat which is located on the terrace of his house. They would earlier go to Pehelwan Ghat, a km away, for the festivities. But now the river course has shifted away from the ghat. \"Covering a distance of four or five km will be an uphill task for my ageing mother, who remains on a rigorous fast for three consecutive days,\" he said.Abhishek Shrivastav's mother and maternal grandmother together observe the fast. \"There are two 'parvaitins' and one set of people to help them. So it is convenient to perform the puja at home. Also, my octogenarian grandmom is too old and weak to walk barefoot for long,\" he said.According to Shrivastav, a resident of S K Nagar, people perform Chhath even at places where there is no Ganga. \"It is more about faith than the Ganga,\" he said and almost sang, \"maaano toh pavitra Ganga hai, na mano toh maila pani.\"Shailesh Kumar Singh, who lives in an apartment in the posh Boring Road area, visited some of the nearby Ganga ghats on Friday as his wife Jayanti is a 'parvaitin'. \"I found the ghats extremely dirty and puddled, tall claims of the administration in newspapers notwithstanding,\" he said and recalled once his sister had fainted at the ghat due to dirt and suffocation caused by overcrowding.Needless to say, Jayanti will offer 'arghya' to the Sun god from the terrace of their apartment. \"The festivities on our apartment rooftop are kind of a community affair as three families together perform the puja,\" she told TOI.Tuhina of Rajhans Apartment in Punaichak along with neighbours has got a temporary pond created on the roof of their apartment for her maternal aunt to perform Chhath puja. \"Even though we don't go to the Ganga ghat, we make it a point to preserve the sanctity of the rituals associated with the festival,\" the IInd-year dental student said and attributed their decision against going to the Ganga to three Cs - crowd, confusion and chaos - and to the fact that Chhath is the reason for all the sixteen families of the apartment to get together on a large scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262188", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSingle moms are effective parents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Someone ate at a hotel for $138.35 and in place of the tip, left a note reading \"Single mom sorry\". Though the location and the hotel in question have not been ascertained, the story has gone viral on the internet with varied reactions coming from single mothers all over the world.Talking to three single mothers in the town, TOI finds out their take on the incident and if single parenthood is really so difficult that one avoids paying tips.While most single mothers in the world have condemned the act, some believe the act could be a hoax to make single mothers look hapless and mean. Renowned theatre personality Rani Balbir Kaur, who has been separated for the past 30 years, says mocking single mothers as an inefficient parent is childish. \"Single mothers are stronger and have more self esteem than a couple. It's uncharitable to say that a woman would ask for concessions if she is a single mom.\"Rani has brought up her two daughters with her family's support. \"Being a single parent is not free of problems. But, that is how life is. We all have to face challenges and come over hardships,\" she adds.Sharing the sentiment, Kanchan Malhotra, an advocate at Punjab and Haryana high court who has been separated since six months, said it is absurd that a woman who can throw a treat to her children to compensate the absence of their father, why won't she leave a tip?Nirupama Dutt, a writer and translator who has adopted a girl child, has chosen to walk her journey alone.She says the remark doing rounds on social networking sites is certainly in a bad taste. \"People must stop looking at single mothers as victims. I have known single women who have raised children better than other families,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262271", "title": "Praveen worried about inquiry", "text": "Dr Savita's husband Praveen said he hadn't heard from the Irish authorities and that he's \"very worried\" about what sort of inquiry will be established into her death. He told The Irish Times on Friday night he hadn't heard from anyone in the Health Service Executive , the department of health , the Taoiseach's office, the department of foreign affairs or the Irish embassy in New Delhi.The HSE said on Friday night its inquiry team would engage with Praveen as part of the investigation into his wife's death. However , despite a promise by minister for health James Reilly that the investigation would be expedited, HSE was unable to name the members of the inquiry team or provide terms of reference.A spokeswoman said an international expert in obstetrics and gynaecology had been identified to join the inquiry. This is not the specialist from Northern Ireland mentioned by Dr Reilly on Thursday. Members of the team was being finalised , she added. The full team and terms of reference would be made public \"in a matter of days\" .Demonstrations were held on Saturday in her memory and in support of legislative change on abortion. A vigil is also being held in Galway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17266940", "title": "Yamudiki Mogudu audio on Nov 23", "text": "The audio of Allari Naresh's new movie Yamudiki Mogudu will be unveiled on November 23. The socio-fantasy entertainer is directed by E Sattibabu and this is the third time the actor-director is teaming up after Nenu and Betting Bangarraju. Allari Naresh will be seen shaking the leg with Ramya Krishna and Richa Panai in the remix version of famous number 'Attho Attamma Koothuro' from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Alluda Majaka.Director Sattibabu says that the film has the fictitious characters of Yama's wife, daughter, and son and Shayaji Shinde is playing Lord Yama. Chandra Mohan, Krishna Bhagawan, Raghu Babu, Chalapathi Rao, etc forms rest of the cast. Koti is providing the soundtrack and producer Chanti Addala is planning to release the film in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260469", "title": "Chadha brothers shootout case: Shocked kin blame fate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after the two Chadha brothers lost their lives in a shootout inside their own farmhouse at Chhattarpur, shocked family members poured in at the farmhouse as the south district police staff combed the complex. Investigators secured CCTV footages quickly and police restricted entry to Mandi village, where the farmhouse stands.Stunned family members blamed ill-fortune. Others expressed fears about media \"slapping baseless allegations on the victims''. Besides the regular crime team, forensic experts too scoured the area picking up clues. The crime branch too sent teams to help the probe.At the hospital, police presence was heavy. Chadha family members too arrived after news broke. Among others who reached Fortis were prominent Delhi Gurdwara Management Committee members. \"Ponty Chadha was brought dead to the hospital around 1.05pm,\" a doctor said. Sources said about 10 guards accompanied Chadha to the hospital's emergency wing. Later, the family arrived.\"There were more than 12 bullet injuries in his chest and abdomen. His body was mutilated and soaked in blood,\" a source said. He claimed the body of younger brother Hardeep wasn't brought to the hospital at all. Several politicians - cutting across party barriers - too came to Fortis. Among them was Amar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17262431", "title": "The cartoonist who loved Bambi", "text": "MUMBAI: The sword might be mightier than the pen for Bal Thackeray , but it was with the pen that he began his turbulent career. Thackeray started by illustrating ad campaigns, doing show cards for Hindi movies and drawing cartoons for newspapers.After Independence, he got his first job at the Free Press Journal as a cartoonist\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit was here that George Fernandes recalls his first meeting with the young man \"doodling feverishly at his desk\" . When Thackeray left the paper in a huff to start a weekly of his own called News Day, it was Fernandes and his trade union members who bought shares in the fledgling paper. This was a start of a long friendship. Thackeray became good friends with another FPJ collegue: fellow cartoonist and TOI legend R K Laxman. '' Laxman is the only cartoonist who has shown an amazing consistency in his work,\" the Sena chief once said. '' His craftsmanship is of a very high standard. Laxman is India's greatest cartoonist, the last Roman.\"Thackeray's cartoons, brushed with acid, were deft of line and sharply sketched. Rich businessmen were regularly targeted as in the cartoon of a merchant praying before Lakshmi with the caption 'Sattameva Jayate' (a subversion of 'Satyameva Jayate' with satta or gambling). Three of Thackeray's cartoons of Winston Churchill were included in a book of cartoons on the British prime minister\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto Thackeray's great delight, the work of his icon, cartoonist Sir David Low, also featured here.Thackeray's work also won praise from the then PM Jawaharlal Nehru who sent the young cartoonist a congratulatory message for a caricature that he drew of him in 1960. When Indira Gandhi was assassinated in 1984, Thackeray, who admired her, drew a sooty sketch of a lamp that had been snuffed out, with the curling smoke from the wick forming the distinctive contours of Mrs Gandhi's face.If David Low was one icon, the other was Walt Disney. In 1979, when Thackeray went on a holiday to the US he made it a point to visit Disneyland , something he had always wanted to do. Indeed, Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Rebecca Mark tried to cash in on Thackeray's fondness for Walt Disney by gifting him an original Disney cartoon when they visited him at Matoshri. The meeting is described in Conspiracy of Fools, a book tha t tracks the fall of power MNC Enron. Hard as it is to imagine, Thackeray was a fan of Bambi and watched the animation film six times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17262409", "title": "Musharraf calls for India and Pak to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbury the hatchet\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf said on Saturday that nuclear-armed India and Pakistan need to \"bury the hatchet\" and settle their differences to reduce poverty and ease tensions in the region.He added that the Pakistan army, widely seen as anti-India , was in favour of peace with New Delhi and stressed that the Kashmir issue, \"the root cause of dispute\" , must be resolved as it provides fuel to extremism in his country.Musharraf fought against India in 1965 and 1971 wars and led Pakistan's army in the 1999 Kargil conflict in which militants infiltrated India's zone of Kashmir. \"We need to resolve the long-standing disputes between India and Pakistan because these are the causes of hatred, causes of conflict and the wars,\" Musharraf told a media conference in Indian capital New Delhi.Musharraf, who ruled Pakistan as a military dictator and later as a civilian president between 1999 and 2008, said the issues need to be resolved to improve the \"socioeconomic development\" of South Asia , home to hundreds of millions of poor.\"It is high time we open our eyes to reality,\" said Musharraf, who has lived in exile in Dubai and London since stepping down in 2008. \"We need to bury the hatchet.\" Musharraf said that all outstanding disputes between Indian and Pakistan should be dealt with at the same time rather than following a \"stepby-step\" process.Chief among the conflicts to be settled is the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir, he said. \"This is actually the root cause which spawns not only war\" but also \"religious militancy in Pakistan\" , Musharraf said. Muslim-majority Kashmir is divided between India and Pakistan along the heavily-militarized Line of Control border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265123", "title": "Amy Winehouse's house up for grabs at 1.8m pounds", "text": "Amy Winehouse' house in Camden which had been put up for sale by her family for 2.7 million pounds, will now be auctioned off on December 3 with a starting price of 1.8 million pounds.The singer's north London home will go under the hammer after it failed to sell, auctioneer McHugh and Co said.The semi-detached three-bedroom set in Camden Square, where Winehouse lived and died, will be sold through the headquarters of Bafta in Piccadilly, the BBC reported.A few people had come forward to view the tragic singer's house and at least two parties had put in offers, but the deals fell through as they did not have the means to buy the property.The family decided on putting the house up for auction, as it was a simple way to ensure that those who come to bid would have the required money to buy the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261675", "title": "Lucknow's traffic to be monitored 24x7", "text": "LUCKNOW: State government's New Year 2013 gift to the city is an Advanced Traffic Management System for which it has allocated Rs 10 crore. As part of the system, 70 crucial intersections in Lucknow will be equipped by the end of the year with high-end close-circuit television cameras (CCTV) to monitor traffic round the clock.Traffic cell of the police is currently busy scouting for space to set up control room from where it intends to regulate and monitor the traffic movement using the system. A proposal to set up four cameras each at every intersection identified under the project was sent to home department by Traffic Directorate some weeks back. \"We are in the process of floating a tender for procurement of high-end CCTV cameras for Lucknow and have allocated a budget of Rs 10 crore for setting up the 'virtual eye' project. Lucknow will be introduced to virtual vigil from next year,\" assured R M Srivastava, principal secretary (home).A virtual cover consisting of about 280 cameras would be sought along with other related equipment from a firm with expertise in the installation of CCTV surveillance system within the next 40 days, said Srivastava. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav made an announcement soon after assuming office to have CCTV vigil in important cities of the state. Lucknow has been chosen as location for the pilot project and home department is in the process of extending the system to Kanpur, Allahabad, Agra and Noida in the coming months. The zonal inspector generals of the police have been made the nodal officer for the project.Other local and state agencies including civic administration, electricity boards, public works department, transport agencies have been consulted by the officials of Traffic Directorate before finalising the spots to install cameras. \"With the new system in place, a turnaround will be witnessed in the way traffic has been regulated for decades. We are all waiting to experience the results of the ambitious project,\" said A K D director of Traffic Directorate.Cops sitting in the office will be able to rotate the highly technical cameras 360 degrees. The system will be equipped with 'intelligent motion detection', a smart feature that captures moving images while zooming in or zooming out, even in the dark.The system, apart from doubling up as a law and order monitoring tool, will also help traffic police issue tickets to violators even if they are not present at the spot on the lines of global cities.It should be noted that Lucknow Municipal Corporation is already working towards installing CCTV cameras across 40 important junctions in the city but has faced lots of hiccups in accomplishing the project. Nonetheless, the police department has decided to go ahead with its own monitoring system at a cost of Rs 10 crore, and the system will remain under its total control.This will be the first time when police would operate cameras on permanent basis for better and constant monitoring of the most prime street of the city, which has been witness to shootouts as well as petty crimes every now and then.The network of cameras will help police control cases of eve-teasing, snatching, vehicle theft, apart from being a major resource in traffic management.In days to come, the police are planning to extend the scope of the camera network to regulate unauthorised parking too. \"The system could be also used to announce the registration number of wrongly parked vehicles through a chain of speakers or loudspeakers, going forward, and will help us immensely,\" said SP (Traffic) Arvind Sen.The control room comprising digital video recorders relaying the visuals will be scanned by traffic and wireless cells of Lucknow police. The control room is expected to operate from Hazratganj police station.The idea was earlier floated under former DGP Vikram Singh's tenure in 2008, but could not take off. After becoming the chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav had announced that CCTV cameras will be installed at important locations across the state.Hazratganj has been picked up to test the waters. In June this year, an ice-cream vendor was shot opposite DRM office in Hazratganj, which reinforced the need to have round the clock vigil.Zooming InVehicular movement is managed by Advanced Traffic Management System across global cities such as Singapore and London. The CCTV works as an eye of the Advanced Traffic Management System and the facility to pan, rotate, zoom or tilt the cameras is provided to officials manning the control room.The system comprises powerful suite of sub-systems woven together in a centralised system. Vehicle detection, communications, variable message systems, among others are coordinated with a single interface that enables any one or multiple operators to have almost unlimited command and control capabilities over the entire system. The single interface provides access to all information necessary to detect, monitor, respond and advise on any traffic situation.Better PolicingImproved response to accidents and immediate alert to emergency servicesSignificant improvement and enhancement in road safety measures within short period by monitoring causes of bottlenecks and accidentsAvailability of accurate and timely information for overall traffic managementBetter personal safety and law and order monitoring across prime stretches in the city", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263108", "title": "Children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Science Congress competitions on Dec 3 and 4", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state-level competitions as part of the 20th edition of the National Children's Science Congress (NCSC) will be held here from December 3.The district-level competitions were flagged off in Kerala on the Children's Day. The event is open for students in the age group of 10 to 17 years. The district level competitions in Pathanamthitta, Kottayam, Palakkad and Kozhikode will be held on November 19, in Wayanad on Nov 21 and in Kannur on Nov 22.State-level winners will receive cash awards and an opportunity to showcase their projects at the 25th session of the four-day Kerala Science Congress (KSC) at Technopark, which will begin on January 29, 2013.\"Winners from state syllabus schools will be eligible for grace marks in Class 10 and Higher Secondary levels,\" said Dr Kamalakshan Kokkal, coordinator of the organizing committee.As many as 16 projects will be identified to compete at the National level, which will be conducted at Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, from Dec 27 to Dec 31. Energy exploration and conservation will be the main themes for this edition of NCSC. Children's Science Congress focuses on working models and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261351", "title": "Autos to charge 15 as minimum charge from tomorrow", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A group of auto rickshaw drivers in the district have unilaterally decided to charge Rs 15 as minimum fare from Monday. The decision was taken by the auto rickshaw drivers following the decision of the auto taxi coordination committee to withdraw their indefinite strike on Friday.The drivers, who support the decision to increase the minimum charge to Rs 15, claimed that they had always been following the government direction when their counter parts in other places were levying extra charge.\"But we are not ready to wait for another discussion with the transport minister, as justice Ramachandran commission, appointed to recommend the fare revision of auto and taxi, has already suggested that the government should increase the minimum auto fare to Rs 15,\" they said.\"We are not planning to impose the charge on the passengers, rather we are requesting the passengers to give an additional rupee to help the auto rickshaw drivers look after their families,\" said T K Razaq, secretary City Autos, Motor and Engineering Workers Union (CITU).\"We do not want any fight with the passengers and we have directed the members of our union to cooperate with the passengers,\" he said adding that the final decision regarding the collection of Rs 15 would be taken only after another meeting on Sunday.Convener of City Auto Coordination Committee Mammed Koya said that auto rickshaw drivers in Kozhikode city would collect Rs 15 from Monday.\"The minister has assured us to increase the charge to Rs 15. However, we are increasing the fare before the next discussion, as it has become too difficult for us to survive with the steep increase in fuel price,\" he added.In the meantime, secretary of Kerala State Transport Federation (INTUC) K C Ramachandran said that the drivers under INTUC would charge only Rs 14 from passengers.\"The strike was withdrawn following the promise of the government to increase the charge in the coming days and we will wait till the revised charge is announced,\" he said.The general public, who are already affected by the price hike for hotel food, bus fare, vegetables, cooking gas and other essential commodities, are unhappy with the move of the auto rickshaw drivers.\"The decision to charge Rs 15 is likely to lead to argument between the passengers and the drivers,\" said T Mohandas, a school teacher. The auto rickshaw drivers in the city have been charging Rs 15 as minimum charge from passengers, even before the cabinet nod for fare hike, resulting verbal dual between passengers and auto drivers.The autorickshaw and taxi drivers unions have called off their indefinite strike on Friday following an assurance by the state government to consider the demand of the coordination committee to further increase the fares of auto rickshaws and taxis. They will meet the transport minister on next Wednesday to further discuss the demands.Earlier, the state cabinet approved to increase the minimum charge of auto rickshaw from Rs 12 to Rs 14. It was also decided to fix the per kilo metre running charge of auto rickshaw as Rs 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260503", "title": "Thackeray's early childhood was spent in Achalpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray , who died in Mumbai on Saturday, spent a few years of his early childhood in Achalpur in Amravati district. Perhaps that was the reason why he vehemently opposed the creation of Vidarbha state.Though he was born in Pune, Thackeray stayed in a two-room house as his father Keshav (Prabodhankar) was a bailiff in the Achalpur court. Thackeray's mother hailed from Paratwada and the marriage of his parents was arranged there.Thackeray was immensely popular in Vidarbha. Two years after the Shiv Sena was formed in 1966, former Congress MLA Satish Chaturvedi, who was a student leader then, recollects Thackeray's first public rally in Nagpur. There was firing at the airport itself due to political unrest.His political rallies in Vidarbha during the 90s were huge crowd pullers. No wonder the region contributed to the first saffron government coming to power in the state in 1995 by electing a large number of MLAs. At one time, there were five Sena MPs in the Lok Sabha from Vidarbha.Thackeray's rallies in Katol and Ramtek would always be remembered not just for his oratory skills but for the comic side as he mimicked Vidarbha leaders like Nasikrao Tirpude with aplomb.The Sena chief had at that time made a promise that if the Sena-BJP came to power they would bring all-round development in Vidarbha within a span of two years. At the Ramtek rally in 1998 they also published a saffron paper - blueprint for development of this region. Thackeray had said if he could not achieve this, he would himself lead a movement to create the separate state of Vidarbha. This was one promise neither he nor his party could fulfill.He was a man whose political thinking evolved over the years since 1966 when he donned the political cap leaving the cartoonist's pen. For him Marathi pride came close to his nationalist outlook, issues on which he never compromised.That was the reason despite decades of alliance with the BJP, he never retracted on his chosen stand of opposing statehood for Vidarbha to which the BJP was committed. He was firm on avoiding any division of the Marathi-speaking Maharashtra and even the BJP could never persuade him to change that stance. This was because he thought the demand for a separate Vidarbha came more from migrant non-Marathis settled here rather than the natives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262865", "title": "Land sharks sell ex-Guv kin land, 1 arrested", "text": "INDORE: Land sharks sold a piece of land belonging to the daughter of Himachal Pradesh's former governor Justice V S Kokje in a fraudulent manner, indicating their dominance in the real estate sector in the city. Fortunately, for the land owner, the matter came to light in the district administration's 'Bhoomi Shravan Abhiyan'.Acting swiftly, the police arrested one accused Jitendra Sudama Kesri and booked two others for cheating and preparing fake documents.SDM Rajnish Kasera said the matter related to fraudulent sale of the plot of land in Tulsi Nagar was brought to the administration's notice by the real owner of land and one who was about to purchase the land from fake owner. After receiving the complaint, they quickly acted against accused and one person was arrested and two booked.According to official, Rahul Kokje, nephew of Justice V S Kokje purchased a plot in Tulsi Nagar from Sarashwati Gruha Nirman Sanstha in 1992. Later, Rahul gifted this land to Neelam-daughter of Justice Kokje in 2011.Neelam's husband advocate Subodh Abhayankar said on May 21 this year some one with fake identify proof and document in the name of Rahul Kokje gave the power of attorney of the land to accused Jitendra Sudama Kesri. After this Jitdendra sold the land to Sandeep Jaiswal who, in turn, tried to sold the land to Rohit Prasad Verma.Rohit Verma smelt something fishy in the deal and asked for original registry papers from Sandeep, but Sandeep could produce only the certified paper saying that original papers were lost.Following this, Verma approached Rahul Kokje-the first owner of land. When Rahul denied to have sold the land, the matter was brought to the notice of administration. Official said the administration is strict against illegal sale and purchase of land and a drive have been launched against it. They are receiving several complaints and action is being taken against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262991", "title": "'BITs' of fortune for 2 as Google offers Rs 1.22 cr salary", "text": "JAIPUR: Diwali may be over, but there's no \"ceasefire\" of fun for two students of BITS Pilani -- Rushabh Agarwal and Kunal Lad, who have been offered jobs with a dream salary package of US $ 2,25,000 (INR 1.22crore) by Google this semester. This is among the highest package grabbed by Indian students this year.They will be posted at Google's head office in Mountain View, California. The duo, Rushabh and Kunal, have been asked to report for work by October 2013.Beating the bleak placement scenario, they were hired during campus placements held in October. The duo along with three other students was shortlisted to appear in the final selection round at Google's office in Bangalore.Sharing the success mantra, Rushabh said, \"The final rounds were purely technical and were designed to test one's complete knowledge on the subject,\" adding that knowledge on subject to all students remains more or less the same but what matters is its application. Both expressed that they will donate a certain amount to promote scientific temperament in the society, especially among the underprivileged masses.Undoubtedly, both were brilliant and had won several awards in technical fests which exposed them to global innovations in computer science.Kunal is more focused on the graph theories whereas Rushabh's interest lies in research and projects. Both have few publications to their credit. \"The BITS exposure was phenomenal. I got an opportunity to do my internship in Canada . Besides my research fellowship from the Indian Academy of Science at IIT-Mumbai also helped me upgrade myself several notches,\" said Kunal.Both attribute a major portion of their success to BITS which provided them holistic education along with interaction with best brains which helped them evolve a great deal.Both are in their fifth year of dual degree (MSc Mathematics and B.E honours in Computer Science and they will be getting their degrees by July 2013. While Rushabh is from Mumbai, Kunal is a Nagpur lad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17261877", "title": "Mary Kom help for Pradipkumar", "text": "IMPHAL: In a generous gesture towards encouraging athletes who are facing acute funds constraint in their endeavours, Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom will give financial assistance to HIV positive bodybuilder Khundrakpam Pradipkumar Singh, who has recently bagged \"Mr South Asia\" title.Pradip (43), who is facing acute financial shortage to procure nutritional diet, is competing in the 4th Mr World Championship scheduled to be held in Bangkok in the first week of December. He spends about Rs 40,000 in procuring foreign nutritional diet every month.The diminutive muscleman, who is on Anti-Retroviral Therapy (Art), has suffered financial breakdown after Manipur State Aids Control Society (Macs) stopped extending his nutritional aid of Rs 8,000 a month since June this year. Earlier, Macs extended the amount after appointing him as its brand ambassador.Another setback for Pradip was the government's failure to appoint him as a regular employee in the youth affairs and sports department despite tall promises made by a minister in 2009. \"We are really proud of him (Pradip) for his extraordinary performance in Mr South Asia title,\" Mary told this reporter.\"At the same time, we are not happy with the acute financial suffering being faced by him for which we have decided to extend a certain amount of money to him as a token of encouragement to at least meet a small part of his requirement towards his participation in the forthcoming Mr World contest in Bangkok,\" the five-time world boxing champion said.Mary said the amount would be handed over to Pradip on Tuesday during a formal function in Imphal. \"I'm really happy with the kind gesture being extended by sister Mary Kom. Whatever amount to be given to me is priceless,\" said Pradipkumar.\"Though the government has neglected me, there are many kind-hearted people like Mary and other individuals and groups. I'll try my best to earn laurels from the ensuing Bangkok competition and such prize would be my return to the people of Manipur who wholeheartedly encourage me,\" Pradip said emotionally.Before taking part in the 9th Mr South Asia Body Building Championship, 2012, held at Ludhiana in November first week, members of Self Support Group (SSG), a body formed by HIV positive widows of the state, carried out a donation campaign and handed over Rs 90,000 to Pradip.A local civil body christened \"Joint Brothers' Group\" also donated him Rs 1.5 lakh for his cause.A resident of Khamnam Leirak in Imphal West , Pradip revealed his status after bagging senior Mr Manipur title in December, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17263181", "title": "Health scheme: State pushes for better coverage", "text": "GUMLA: The labour and employment department has initiated the process of covering the below poverty line (BPL), Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) and daily wage earners' families in the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) of the Union government.A workshop on the same was organized by the department here on Friday. Families which fall under such categories, and have not yet been included, will now be covered under the Centre-sponsored scheme, to ensure benefit of insurance for the poor families.\"The insurance company will start its job soon in the district and an attempt is being made to cover all 87000 families of these categories residing in the district,\" said district labour superintendent Ramesah Kumar Singh.Under the NHIS, five members, including the head of each insured family, will come within Rs 30,000 health insurance. The Centre provides 75% while the state shares 25% of the insured amount.For registration, an amount of Rs 30 is paid by the families to the representative of the insurance company, while the company bears the medical expense up to Rs 30000 for the indoor patients in a year, he added.The patient of the insured family is also provided Rs 100 to reach the identified hospital, both government and private ones.DC Shubhendra Jha underscored the need of wide publicity of the NHIS so that the poor could avail of its benefits.He said workshop on the NHIS should also be organized at the block level. Other officers, including DDC Punai Oraon, district panchayati raj officer Sunil Kumar, BDOs of Gumla, Ghaghra, Raidih and Kamdara were present at the meet.\"We also visit different hospitals to inquire about the medical facilities being provided to insured patient under NHIS along with the duration of treatment at the hospitals,\" added the labour superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17262057", "title": "Eve-teasers rough up gutsy private tutor", "text": "HOWRAH: A gutsy private tutor, who dared to raise his voice against a gang of eve-teasers, was assaulted on Saturday afternoon. Though locals rushed to his rescue, the assailants managed to flee. A complaint was filed with Uluberia police and cops have arrested one of the accused Dipu Das.Surojit Das, 37, a resident of Howrah's Hatgacchi, gives tuitions at his home. A Class-X student, while on her way to Das's house on Saturday, was allegedly eve teased by youths.On reaching the tutor's home, the teen broke down and confided in her teacher that the goons had made obscene gestures at her.Das at once rushed out of the house and was lucky to find the gang chatting at the corner of the road. As soon as he went up to them and scolded them for harassing the girl, they left the place without a word.However later in the day, when Das went to a nearby shop to recharge his cell phone, the gang accosted him and allegedly punched and slapped him continuously until he slumped to the ground.The confusion drew locals to the spot and on seeing the approaching mob the goons at once fled the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17260897", "title": "Smog delays Sheila Dikshit's flight to Punjab", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "17262002", "title": "Kaushik Rai to head Cachar BJP unit", "text": "SILCHAR: Kaushik Rai was elected as the new president of the saffron party's Cachar district committee on Friday.Rai, general secretary of the BJP Cachar district committee, defeated his nearest rival Uday Shankar Goswami, a senior leader of the party by one vote. While Goswami got 14, Rai won by 15 votes. Another contestant and president of BJP's district committee Kirit Bhushan Purkayasthya managed to get only one vote from among an electoral college of 30 voters to elect the new president for a term of three years.Tension prevailed at the general meeting of the party held at the District Library auditorium during the day due to traditional rivalry between two groups among the party - one led by sitting Lok Sabha member (Silchar) Kabindra Purkayasthya and another by his brother and an aspirant for second term for the post of district president Kirit Bhushan Purkayasthya.Security was tightened in and around the auditorium by the administration in view of the organizational election.After the results of the election were declared, the situation did not improve. Kirit Bhushan Purkayasthya, who lost miserably, in his speech said, \"My brother (Kabindra Purkayasthya) tried his best to see me defeated. However, I ensured his candidate (Uday Shankar Goswami) was defeated in return\".A number of the supporters of Kabindra vehemently protested against Kirit's remarks and there was a din in the packed hall.The newly elected president Kaushik Rai sought help from all sections of members and functionaries of the party to regain its strength in the district where BJP was virtually washed out during the last assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "17261878", "title": "Nagaland spreads awareness through agri expo", "text": "KOHIMA: The state veterinary and animal husbandry department has been actively participating in the ongoing Northeastern Region Agri Expo 2012 with an aim to uplift the economy of the people through development of indigenous livestock resources by application of scientific methods and technology.Indigenous fodder plants and trees having high nutritive values have been identified in Nagaland after research was undertaken at the laboratory of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).To boost the rural economy of the farmers, saplings of the indigenous fodder plants and oat seeds are being given free of cost to the visitors and farmers.A dog show sponsored and organized by the department and Mars International India Pvt Ltd was held at veterinary pavilion at the Agri Expo with APC Nagaland H K Khulu as the chief guest.Meanwhile, discussion under the theme \"Animal husbandry for economic upliftment of farmers\" was held at Agri Expo's Angh House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17261552", "title": "Three held for collecting rangdari", "text": "MOTIHARI: The police, on a tip-ff, on Friday arrested three extortionists when they were collecting extortion money from Manoj Yadav, president of Chiraiya Primary Agriculture Credit Society (PACS) on Sikrahna embankment near Sarogarh. The police also recovered two cellphones from their possessions. They are being quizzed by the police.East Champaran SP Ganesh Kumar said Pannalal Sahani of Akauna, Babulal Mahto and Birendra Kumar of Sarogarh were arrested while collecting extortion money from Manoj Yadav. However, one of the gang members Baleshwar Sahani, who has links with the extremists, managed to escape from the spot. The police are conducting raids to nab him.Chandra Bhushan Singh, SHO, Chiraiya police station, said the extortionists had threatened to eliminate Manoj about a dozen times if he did not pay them Rs 15 lakh. The criminals exploded two bombs at the house of Yadav to scare him though no one was hurt. After exploding the bomb, the extortionists asked Manoj on cellphone to pay the extortion amount on November15 on nearby Sikrahna embankment. Manoj agreed to give them money. As soon as the extortionists came near him, the police team nabbed them.According to police sources, Mahto is a veteran criminal and was wanted in 13 cases of loot, kidnapping and dacoities under different police stations in the district. Mahto too has links with extremists operating on Indo-Nepal border and was declared absconder by the police.The police have also arrested one Ahteyamul Haque, brother of Mohibul Haque, vice chairman of Motihari Nagar Parishad and a BJP leader, from Janpul locality of Motihari town in connection with extortion calls made to Motihari BJP MLA Pramod Kumar. Both the BJP leaders were asked to pay rangdari of Rs 10 lakh each to the caller on November 8.Kumar had lodged a case with the Kotwali police station, Patna, while Mohibul Haque instituted a case with the Town PS, Motihari, in this connection. The Motihari police after surveillance of the caller's phone number had detained one Chanda Devi of Janpul area, who was the owner of the SIM from which the calls were made. She, in her statement, said that her mobile SIM was blocked by the cellphone company on the day the calls were made.Manoj Kumar , DSP, said that after a thorough probe the police arrested Ahteyamul Haque, who has enmity with Chanda Devi and it was suspected that he in connivance with a telephone booth-owner made these calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263041", "title": "Museum Park is another favourite spot", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After a fairly long break, the Children's Park at the Museum has once again turned out to be a favorite recreation spot for children in city.\"The children activity center is popular among the kids with the incorporation of the new toy train and other amusement rides. It had been shut down previously due to repairs. Now the activity centre has been leased out to a private firm for two years. The operational cost is recovered by charging fees to access the rides,\" said administrative officer of museum and zoo Harsha M.The 25-cent plot consists of swings, slides, see-saw, merry-go-round and other rides in which the machine-operated rides are maintained by a private firm on contract basis. Since a large number of parents and children visit the park daily, the staff of the museum and zoo authorities take care of daily maintenance.\"The renovation is still on. We are now focusing on landscaping the park. I am sure that the colorful playthings and the pleasant atmosphere will attract more kids here after,\" said junior superintendent Ramalatha P.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17261563", "title": "Mukhiya spouse punished at kangaroo court", "text": "GAYA: Maoists on Friday night organized a Jan Adalat (Kangaroo Court) in the Lutua forests under Naxal-hit Banke Bazar police station in Gaya district for the 'summary trial' of Baidyanath Chaudhary, husband of the local mukhiya Meena Devi. The trial continued for several hours.According to reports reaching the district headquarters, the Maoists presented a three-point 'chargesheet' against the mukhiya's husband. The charges were that the accused worked as a police informer, enjoyed proximity to the local MLA and assembly Speaker Udai Narain Chaudhary and misled the local Dalits on several issues.The Kangaroo Court, as per reports, found Chaudhary guilty on all the three counts and awarded him corporal punishment of doing several rounds of sit up in the presence of the villagers and made him apologise for his 'mistakes' and secured an assurance that he will 'behave' in future.A frightened Chaudhary was released from Maoist captivity with a stern warning not to rub the Maoists on the wrong side. The Maoists also reportedly told him that any indiscretion on his part in future would invite severe punishment. Sherghati SDPO Rajesh Kumar said that he was not aware of any Kangaroo Court being organized by the Maoists.Virtually desperate to retain their ever shrinking ground, the Maoists, according to Magadh watchers periodically organize such 'Jan Adalats' (People's court) to prove their existence and send the right signals to their real as well as potential detractors. Chaudhary is not the first supporter of the assembly Speaker Udai Narain Chaudhary to be targeted by the Maoists. In August 2010, the Maoists punished Lakhan Lal Verma, then a personal aide of the Speaker and broke his limbs.As an MLA Udai Narayan Chaudhary was regarded as the most favourite mainstream politician by the Maoists. But the Maoist perception of Chaudhary underwent a sea change after he became the Speaker of state assembly in 2005 and in the last assembly election, the Maoists virtually sabotaged Chaudhary's campaign. The Speaker, however, managed to sail through with a modest margin of a few hundred votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260564", "title": "Cops alert against Balasaheb's mourners", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has issued a general alert to ensure that his officials remain on toes after the media started flashing the death news of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray on Saturday afternoon.Though the CP ruled out tension, Dhanvijay opted to remain cautious against the mourners who may try to take the exaggerated route to express their grief. After taking stock of the situation, CP urged his senior officials to ensure that patrolling is increased on the streets and developments are watched closely. He has also asked his police station in-charges to remain alert about any incident in their respective areas and keep coordination with the Sena leaders and supporters in respective strongholds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "17263070", "title": "Action council cautions public against rumours", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: The Karamana-Kaliyikkavila National Highway Development Action Council here has cautioned the public against the concerted efforts of some 'forces' working overtime to spread misinformation among public about the NH development, rehabilitation and compensation packages offered by the government.According to the leaders of the action council that was formed almost four years ago, the UDF government was taking a lenient stand towards the road development, though the activities need to be further strengthened, streamlined and accelerated. \"Following the request placed by the action council, the public works department ( PWD) has decided not to acquire private land for bus bays in the proposed development plan of Karamana-Kaliyuikkavila stretch,\" council president N Samkunju said.However, the government should sensitize the public more specifically about the compensation and rehabilitation programmes for those who lose land and properties for the road development, he said. The council would like the affected persons to get the best compensation and rehabilitation offers, he added.Inaugurating a public meeting organized by the action council at Pappanamcode Junction on Friday, MLA K Muraleedharan said the development promises of consecutive governments to capital city have often proved fake. He said he would observe a 24-hour fast on December 1 demanding immediate steps for the comprehensive development of the district.The public meeting was organized in connection with the second anniversary of the foundation stone laying for Karamana-Kaliyikkavila road development by former chief minister V S Achuthanandan. Cutting across political lines leaders from almost all political parties participated in the public meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264378", "title": "Three love stories ahead for Bedabrata Pain", "text": "Bedabrata Pain's 'Chittagong' has wowed the audience and critics alike. Happy with the response, the director has already started working on three new scripts.\"All three are love stories set against political unrest. While one is in English, set at the time of World War II , the other two films will be in Hindi set in contemporary India. I don't jump from one film to another. I try to focus properly on the story, script and screenplay before making any film. I am working on the scripts now. The cast will come later. I will start my next film in February, 2013. At present I am busy with the US and UK release of Chittagong ,\" informs the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260701", "title": "Ponty Chadha group's tipple trade may take hit, realty safe", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Ponty Chadha's murder, the group's real estate business wouldn't be impacted as badly as its liquor distribution and retail businesses would be, industry sources say.Managing the liquor business is especially difficult, for it requires keeping tax officials, policemen and politicians happy. Besides, a source said, most transactions are in cash and the group must manage its own house well. Company sources said Ponty knew the business like the back of his hand and was the master of the game.That's why, as the group made mega bucks in liquor, it diversified into real estate. Ponty introduced son Monty to the real estate sector. Monty, although new to the business, handled most key decisions and negotiations related to this arm, company sources said. Ponty and his existing management, which look after the liquor business, were hardly involved.The group owns extensive tracts of prime land in NCR and Mohali and the group shouldn't have much problems in completing ongoing projects. Monty is said to be so upbeat about his real estate venture that he's sure that this business will grow faster than the group's other businesses, including the liquor. In fact, if his plans work out, the realty business will contribute a much bigger share to the group.At present, the group has a land bank worth more than Rs 35,000crore. The group has acquired 152 acres in Sector 25 and 32 of Noida, which is worth more than Rs 6,000crore. The group is developing a township called Wave City Centre on the property. It has secured most of the clearances and the construction is on in full swing. The company has sold most of the apartments, which were launched in the first phase.Another 4,800 acre plot in Ghaziabad on NH 24 is worth more than Rs 25,000crore. The group is developing a hi-tech city on this tract. It'll have both residential and commercial facilities. Here too, most clearances are in place and the group has started construction. It has acquired land in Mohali, Greater Noida and Moradabad. The group owns a farmhouse on 37 acres in Delhi.With the growth of organised retail, the group developed malls and shopping arcades in Delhi, UP and Punjab. Ponty's company has already built half a dozen malls and plans to develop a number of others in Noida, Mohali in Punjab and Jammu. The group is also developing the largest mall - Wave One --- in NCR of 2 million sq feet in the Sector 18 of Noida, which is the main hub of commercial development in the region. The group has already developed a office complex in Sector 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260122", "title": "High prices take the fragrance off pooja flowers this mandala season", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Pleasing Lord Ayyappa with garlands and sweet smelling flowers is going to be a tad costly for the Sabarimala pilgrims from the state capital this season. The prices of almost all flowers used for 'pooja' have started going up with the beginning of the pilgrimage season.The prices of 'pichi' and 'mulla' (two variants of Jasmine) have already recorded Rs 700 and Rs 500 per kg respectively in the Chalai flower market on Friday, the first day of the season.Usually the prices of pooja flowers go up by around 10-15% every year during the Sabarimala season. However, this time, the prices are expected to touch a new high following the Neelam storm which lashed Tamil Nadu recently. \"We are already not getting enough pichi and mulla flowers at reasonable price. Even the price of 'marigold' is on the rise and for the last few days we are forced to substitute 'bindi' (an ornamental flower of highly perishable nature) for marigold,\" says Ayyappan Kutty, a flower shop owner in Chalai.According to flower merchants in Chalai market, around four tonnes of bindi flowers are brought from various parts of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu every day. Price of this flower too ranges from Rs 50 to 100 per kg. For most other flowers, merchants in Chalai depend on flower markets in Thovala in Tamil Nadu. Around one tonne of oleander flower (arali) comes from Thovala and Madhurai markets to Chalai every day. However, the flow of mulla and pichi is less, mainly due to the high price.\"Only less than 100 kg of mulla and pichi are brought to the market by the merchants together due to the lukewarm response and the cost factor. The demand might improve a bit once the Sabarimala season picks up. But the scarcity would worsen further as the yield would come down during winter,\" says J Radhakrishnan, a flower merchant in Chalai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261090", "title": "HUDA supplies a record quantity of sewage treatment plant water to builders", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has made a record of sorts by consistently supplying lakhs of litres of treated water from STPs to builders for construction in Gurgaon.After the Punjab and Haryana high court directive to ban the use of borewells for construction purposes, HUDA started supplying treated water from Berhampur and Dhanwapur STP.Initially, the builders were reluctant to take treated water because of quality issues but now they have overcome their fears.There was a time when only two or three tankers used to come for taking treated water at STPs but now over 400 carry thousands of litres of treated water daily from both the STPs. The system of supplying treated water was put in place in August end and now HUDA has engaged over a dozen employees at the two STPs.According to the records, the highest quantity of treated water uplifted was witnessed on September 4 when 95 lakh litres when over 900 tankers had queued up at the STPs. In November, the largest quantity of water, 4,27,4500 litres, was uplifted on the eve of Diwali.\"The volume of treated water supply has substantially gone up at both the STPs and because of this lakhs of litres of groundwater is being saved in the region. This system in the long run will help in replenishing the groundwater index of the entire region,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.HUDA, he said, is also constantly monitoring the construction sites to find out if borewells are being used in Gurgaon or not. \"The builders have given affidavits on their using treated water and if anyone is still found using borewells then strict action will be taken,\" said Kumar.Meanwhile, the real estate developers in Gurgaon are upset with the new system of wholly depending on treated water for construction.A senior executive of a real estate developer having projects in Gurgaon said: \"Making us solely rely on treated water will delay the completion of projects by four to six months. The price of treated water sold by HUDA may be low but the input cost of the entire process of bringing the water and treating it at the site has gone up.\"The builders are demanding access to raw water for construction projects in Gurgaon.Another senior executive said that there is no study internationally available to support the claim that treated water is flawless for massive construction structures as planned in Gurgaon. \"In such a situation it would be better if the authorities allow raw water to be used for construction in Gurgaon,\" the executive said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263148", "title": "'Laptops and tabs could lead kids astray'", "text": "RANCHI: The landmark decision of the state government to handover laptops and tablets to the students passing out school finals is being taken with a pinch of salt by several academicians. While the principals of private plus two schools have welcomed the decision, the headmasters in government schools are worried if the new gadget will in any way help the students in pursuing their studies.Principal Ranchi Zila school Mahant Dubey was cynical about the ambitious government project ad said that students will be distracted from studies and remain busy with the gadget. \"When we don't have subject teachers to teach all subjects at the plus two level, how can we expect the students getting an opportunity to learn safe and effective use of such highly sophisticated gadgets,\" he said. The school has already made up its mind not to allow the students to bring in the gadget to school. \"They should keep that at home and learn to use it from their private teachers,\" he said. His concerns were shared by teachers and headmasters of many government schools.Deputy superintendent of education at Ranchi Jayant Mishra acknowledged the concern of school principals and said that orientation programme of the teachers will be required before the gadgets are handed over to the students. \"I believe that internet opens up a wealth of knowledge for the students and the laptop and tabs will be of great use for them, but this will also add to the responsibility of parents and teachers,\" he said.The worry of the academicians and parents are not unfounded as some of the elite schools have banned the use of multimedia cell phones after several incidents of cyber crimes were reported. Some of the private schools in the capital have already conducted workshops on cyber crime and its prevention with the help of state police department to create awareness among the students and discourage them from using internet arbitrarily.Principal of Delhi public school J Mohanty welcoming the decision of state government said that there is an urgent need to conduct workshops for the teachers and students before they are given free access to tablets and internet connection. \"We want the students to learn everything but unless their is an able guide to tell them what is right and what is wrong, they may misuse the gadget and land in legal net unnecessarily, it could lead them astray,\" he cautioned. Mohanty admitted that in a gadget driven world of today poor kids studying in government schools in the villages should not be deprived of facilities like internet and computer but at the same time there should be some workshops and orientation courses for the students and teachers to enlighten them about the proper usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261931", "title": "Rural kids to have a dekko at Red Ribbon Express", "text": "KANPUR: The traffic police had made arrangements for the rural children to see Red Ribbon Express scheduled to arrive at Kanpur Central Railway station on November 19.The train is meant to create awareness regarding AIDS. The traffic police has spotted parking place and fixed the routes for the visitors from rural areas.All the vehicles coming from Ramadevi or Tatmill crossing would reach Cantonment Hospital via Langadia tiraha.From there, the buses will go to Faithfulganj police outpost. After, dropping the kids the buses would return to Cantonment Hospital to be parked.Vehicles coming from Express Road in phoolbagh and other places would pass via Rocket tiraha, Shiv Narayan Tandon overbridge and reach the Cantonment Hospital. From there, the vehicles would go back to Faithfulganj police outpost. After dropping the children, the buses would come back at Cantonment Hospital for parking.After the conclusion of programme, the buses would lift the children at Faithfulganj police outpost and start the return journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262352", "title": "Lorry driver crushed to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old BBMP garbage lorry driver died on the spot after he came under the wheels of another lorry near Avalahalli, Bangalore rural, on Saturday.The deceased, Venkateshappa Annappa, is a resident of Siddapura and native of Yerrampalli, Bagepalli. Chaos prevailed outside Avalahalli police station soon after the accident around 8pm as other drivers staged protest accusing police of chasing the victim to death.\"They were chasing all drivers for parking their lorries on the main road. We were running and Venkateshappa jumped from his seat and came under the wheels of a speeding lorry,\" another BBMP driver said.All the lorries were supposed to leave for Mandur landfill during midnight.According to a driver, they park their lorries near Avalahalli around 7pm. \"The police directed us not to park at this place before 10pm. But where can we go once the lorry is loaded with garbage?\" asked a driver, adding \"If we go in the day, villagers attack us.\"Police refute all claims. \"It's true we opposed them from parking before 10pm. The tragedy took place when we went to question them. We never chased anybody,\" Avalahalli police told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262274", "title": "Katta Subramanya Naidu seeks court exemption", "text": "BANGALORE: Former IT-BT minister Katta Subramanya Naidu filed an application seeking exemption from appearing before the Lokayukta court, in connection with the multicrore Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board scam on Saturday.Katta's counsel sought permission of the special court, stating that the former minister and his family are in trouble after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) issued an attachment notice to them under the Money Laundering Act, seeking details of investment and source of the money they invested in their companies. \"He is also unwell,\" the counsel told the court. The court adjourned the hearing of the case to January 5.It was alleged that some directors of Katta's company did not have the sort of income to invest in the company. \"They were merely persons employed at a petrol filling station,\" it is alleged.In the KIADB scam relating to Itasca Software Development Private Limited floated by Katta's family and others, nine persons , including Katta, his corporator-son Jagadish and another councillor M Gopi were charged by Lokayukta police in connection with the KIADB land scam.According to the chargesheet, Itasca had paid Rs118 crore to KIADB for the allotment of 325 acres of land in Bandikodigehalli near BIA. Itasca Software Development Pvt Limited, the company that benefited by the series of irregularities committed by then industries minister Naidu, claimed to be in the field of development and export of software. But it had no office and provided the residence address of one its directors, SV Srinivas, as the office address. With an authorized capital of Rs 10 lakh, it had no capacity to invest Rs 1,130 crore in 325 acres of land in the SEZ, it was alleged.BSY, kin appear in Lokayukta courtFormer CM BS Yeddyurappa, his sons - BY Raghavendra and BY Vijayendra - and son-in-law R Sohan Kumar appeared before the Lokayukta court on Saturday in connection with five cases of illegal denotification and misuse of power. The Lokayukta judge NK Sudhindra Rao adjourned the case for hearing to December 15.Advocates Basha and Balaraj had accused Yeddyurappa of flouting rules and denotifying 2.5 acres of land in Arakere village and 1.7 acres in Devarachikkanahalli and 1.21 acres in Geddalahalli village in east Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17261993", "title": "Blast rocks Imphal again, three injured", "text": "IMPHAL: Rebels threw a grenade at an iron and steel outlet in the Hatta area of Imphal East, injuring at least three persons on Saturday afternoon.Two scooter-borne youths hurled the bomb inside the outlet around 1.35 pm, injuring three persons - two salesmen and the store's proprietor Sikandar Shah (38) - who hails from Bihar , eyewitnesses said.The three suffered minor splinter injuries and were immediately rushed to a nearby private hospital.\"I've no idea about the motive behind the attack on my shop. No groups have either threatened or demanded money from me,\" said a frightened Sikandar.The police, who rushed to the spot, carried out a spot study and registered an FIR to nab the culprits. Following the blast, security has been beefed up in Imphal valley to foil further possible bomb attacks.The incident came barely a month after militants exploded a grenade at a unit of popular private diagnostic centre in Imphal East, injuring four persons, including two women.Meanwhile, an IED believed to have been planted to target security forces exploded near an Assam Rifles unit in Yairipok area in Thoubal district on Saturday morning. No one was injured in the blast.No group has claimed responsibility for the two blasts till the time of filing this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17260986", "title": "Proclaimed offenders roaming free after jumping parole", "text": "ROHTAK: Criminals and proclaimed offenders have remained a big headache for Haryana police. These men and women indulge in anti-social activity thus disturbing law and order in the state.According to figures revealed by Haryana police, around 266 most-wanted criminals and 4,484 proclaimed offenders, most of them hardcore gangsters, are roaming free and are indulging in criminal activities elsewhere.Kulveer Singh, who is accused of double murder in Bhiwani's Bond Kalan village, had spread a reign of terror in around 10 villages of Bhiwani district in the past five years. Cops said he was convicted in a murder case in 2002 and two years later, was released on parole.He never returned after completion of the parole period and was declared a proclaimed offender. Seven cases including attempt to murder and under Arms Act were registered against him, prior to the double murder case on Wednesday night.Additional director general of police (state crime records bureau) Layak Ram Dabas told TOI that most-wanted criminals and proclaimed offenders are a challenge for the police since they are \"criminals at heart\".Dabas said that cops had launched a special drive to nab them and every district police had a dedicated PO staff led by an inspector-rank officer.Dabas said that there are around 100 convicts who had jumped parole and around 1,600 others who were declared POs by courts this year.The total figure of around 4,400 in the state continues to fluctuate every month. Haryana police had recently amended rules of granting parole to convicts after finding out that a large number of convicts jumped parole and indulged in new crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262779", "title": "India's NaMo dilemma", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17261863", "title": "Bolly bigwigs stunned by dramatic death", "text": "MUMBAI: Ponty Chadha's life was as dramatic as a movie, and his death - which could have come straight out of a thriller - left India's film fraternity stunned. Many prominent members of Bollywood spoke fondly of the man who had emerged as a major distributor and financier, with his most recent ventures like OMG Oh My God!, Murder 2 and Jism 2 storming the box office. He had also recently announced production plans for films like Cabaret and Jism 3.Industry bigwigs recalled Chada as an instinctive man who was quick to take decisions and unflinchingly backed projects and people he believed in. \"He was man with a vision. He was a very warm person and felt everything in life is achievable. His approach towards life was always positive and he had astute business sense,\" said Boney Kapoor, an old friend of Chadha's. Ponty Chada had distributed six films produced by Kapoor.Mukesh Bhatt said, \"It is a sad thing that such an end came for a dynamic person like him. Chadha was straight in his dealings with producers. A progressive man indeed.\"Pooja Bhatt, who directed Jism 2 and is making Jism 3, said, \"Ponty Chadha's loss is incomparable because he backed our dreams passionately and fearlessly. The world has lost a believer and that loss is incomparable for all of us dreamers.\"Randeep Hooda, who acted in Jism 2, tweeted, \"Met him and family for a screening of Jism 2. Very warm polite and affable man. Saddening.\"Vikram Malhotra of Viacom18 said, \"It is a big tragedy and big blow to the film industry.\"The producer of Jo Bole So Nihal, N R Paschicia, said, \"It is very unfortunate. He was a very dynamic person and always helped me when I was in trouble. He was more of a friend than a distributor.\" Chadha had entered film distribution and exhibition in the 1990s. His Wave cinema in Noida was the site of many film promotion activities. He distributed films like Jo Bole So Nihal and also distributed Salman Khan's Rs 100 crore blockbuster Ready. His last release as a distributor was Akshay Kumar's OMG Oh My God!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261260", "title": "Bandhwari plant plagued by frequent power shortages", "text": "GURGAON: The lack of infrastructure and manpower are not the only issues plaguing the solid waste management plant at Bandhwari.According to the agency that is running the project, irregular power supply to the plant ensures that no work takes places for at least four to six hours every day here. This is despite the fact that the plant has an independent feeder.While the contractor cites the sporadic power supply as one of the major reasons for the slow pace of processing of the huge amount of garbage that is brought here each day from Gurgaon and Faridabad, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) officials say that this reason is not convicing enough.\"This is no reason for not carrying out daily work. Things have to move. It is true that more garbage is being sent to the plant than was agreed upon. However, the excess garbage can be dumped in the sanitary landfill site within the plant. ,This will not contaminate the groundwater in any way. We are in the process of increasing the plant capacity but it will take time. Till then the garbage has to be sent to the plant as there is no other alternative,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, commissioner, MCG .\"However, I will talk to the electricity department and ask them not to impose cuts on this feeder and to provide power to this plant on priority basis. In my previous capacity as the managing director of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) I had authorized an independent feeder especially for this plant. Till such time that the power supply improves, the contractor can use generators,\" he added.The plant owners though do not want to incur any additional cost.\"It is the responsibility of the municipal corporation to provide us with basic infrastructure like land and power supply so that this plant can function optimally. The authorities should take up this issue at their level with the department concerned so that there is uninterrupted power supply as all our pleas have fallen on deaf ears,\" said a plant official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262886", "title": "Moon sighting to decide exam day!", "text": "INDORE: Can sighting of moon decide the university examination time-table? Certainly yes.At least this seems to be the case with the students of International Institute of Professional Studies (IIPS) who will have watch out for the moon to appear for the semester examination scheduled on November 24.The authorities of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) have prepared an examination timetable for the students of MBA, BCom and MCA stream, which has asked the students to appear for the examination on November 25 only if the moon is not sighted on November 24.November 24 is declared holiday for Muharram, students are in a tizzy as the mourning lasts for a day.A student said, \"What kind of time-table has been prepared by the university. When it is evident that Muharram is scheduled on November 24, university should have fixed some other date.\"Another student said, \"Muharram is observed even the following day. Moreover, November 25 is Sunday, which will create problem for faculty and students\".Interestingly university authorities too believe that it would have been better to declare dates after the festival. Dr M.S Parmar, public relation officer, DAVV, said, \"University had already intimated students about the examination schedule due to festival. Still, dates could have been fixed after the festival concludes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260189", "title": "NRI 'doctor' held with libido enhancers at airport", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An NRI, who claims to be a doctor was held with a bag full of medical instruments and pills, including scheduled drugs used for sexual performance enhancement, at Ahmedabad airport early Saturday morning. Aashiq Patel, 35, was carrying a 15-kg bag full with drugs for diabetes and sexual pleasure enhancement and instruments to check sugar levels, worth over Rs 5 lakh. The drugs can be imported in India only under licence. When questioned, he told customs officials that the drugs and instruments were to be given in charity to a trust in his native village - Piplaj - in Anand district.\"He looked like a hippie and claimed to be based in San Francisco and came to Ahmedabad on an Emirates flight. When we opened his bag, he argued that he is a doctor and is licensed to carry tablets and medical instruments,\" said a senior customs official.The officials then consulted doctors at the airport and an in-house drug expert. \"We feared that he might be carrying contraband but it was revealed that they were drugs for diabetics and to treat erectile dysfunction, which can't brought without a licence,\" the official said.Officials consulted an Apollo Hospitals doctor stationed at the airport to verify the drugs and later sent them for further laboratory tests. \"We have seized the consignment and have summoned Patel back with proper documents,\" the official added.Patel has confessed to bringing in a similar consignment last year. A source said that Patel was inebriated and got into a verbal spat with officials and even threatened them with dire consequences, stating that they were obstructing charity work.. \"We doubt he is a practising doctor in the US. When probed further he said that he had brought the medicines for his parents and later said for his villagers,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17266651", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m not doing an item song: Lakshmi Manchu", "text": "It's been strongly buzzed that Nandi-award winning actress Lakshmi Manchu will be seen in an item song in Mani Ratnam's Kadal (Kadali in Telugu). However, when contacted Manchu Lakshmi, she slammed all reports saying that all these are rumors and that's she's not doing an item number. Lakshmi is reportedly playing a village belle portraying a dark role.Kadal is directed and produced by Mani Ratnam . The film features debutant Gautham Karthik, son of actor Karthik and debutant Thulasi Nair, daughter of Radha in the lead roles and will also be dubbed and released simultaneously in Telugu as Kadali. AR Rahman is composing the music and one of the songs, 'Nenjukulley' has been released to the internet recently.Lakshmi Manchu is currently working for Gundelo Godari (Marenthen Mannithen in Tamil).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17262910", "title": "2 Grasim officials charge-sheeted", "text": "UJJAIN: Two top Grasim Industries Ltd officials at Nagda have been made accused in an incident in which two workers sustained injuries while fixing fault in power house some three months back. Two workers were injured in the mishap.The Industrial Health and Safety Department had conducted inquiry into the incident and presented the charge-sheet before the court of Chief Judicial Magistrate in Ujjain on Friday.According to prosecution, the MCC room at the power house in the factory was inundated with water on August 17 this year and when two workers went to repair the fault, a short circuit injured the two.Department assistant director Himanshu Soloman told TOI the workers were not provided required safety equipment before the job and this resulted in injury to them. Factory occupier and license holder Shailendra Jain and manager Virendra Kumar Mohapatra have been booked under the Section 7 (A) and 73 (E) of the Indian Factories Act 1948 for dereliction in duty and faulty method of working. Under the act, the occupier and the manager are liable to be prosecuted for any violation of the rules, Soloman added. The Grasim officials have to seek bail before the next hearing failing which the court could issue non-bailable warrants. Two year jail or fine up to Rs one lakh could be imposed if the accused are convicted, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262356", "title": "IT capital to Myanmar's aid", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys will undertake a six-month training prorgramme for 100 engineering students from Myanmar as part of its commitment towards raising the bar in technical education.The IT company hosted Suu Kyi, chairperson of National League for Democracy on Saturday.She interacted with a group of Infosys employees during the visit.Suu Kyi spoke about the role of technology in Myanmar's development, particularly with regard to furthering the level of education. This was followed by a campus tour during which Suu Kyi planted a Spanish Mahogany sapling, commemorating her visit here. Kris Gopalakrishnan , executive co-chairman of Infosys, was present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17263147", "title": "Villagers block NH-2 as woman dies in mishap", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Over 500 villagers led by Janki Yadav and mukhiya of the village Bandha Sangat under the Gorhar police station of Barkatha block in Hazaribag blocked the NH-2 (GT road) on Saturday for more than three hours between 8 pm to 12 pm to protest against the killing of a 60-year old woman Khania Devi of the same village on early that morning, said SDPO Barhi Binod Kumar Sinha.They were demanding payment of compensation to the family of the deceased and arrest of the vehicle owner. The woman was run over and killed on the spot when a speeding car coming from Bagodar hit her while she was crossing the road.The blockade snarled up the traffic on that stretch. On receiving information, officer-in-charge of the Gorhar police station, along with the circle officer of Barkatha, Yogendra Prasad rushed to the spot and urged the villagers to lift the blockade assuring them of the compensation being doled out. But the villagers refused to lift the blockade till the time some cash relief was provided to the bereaved family. It was only when the authorities paid them an ex-gratia of Rs 10,000 under the family welfare scheme of the government that the blockade was lifted. Although police registered a case against the driver, it could not arrest anybody as the car sped away towards Barhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17261330", "title": "Choppers join search ops", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police have engaged helicopters in search operations in Mohana area. \"Several bloodstains were spotted in the forest during the aerial survey, which reveals that more Maoist cadres might have been injured in the encounter,\" a senior police officer said.He said more Maoist documents, including personal belongings, were seized from Ganjam-Gajapati district border during the anti-Maoist operation. \"The quantity of seizure will be known only after security personnel return from operation,\" DIG (southern range) R K Sharma said. He said more number of CRPF, SOG, District Voluntary Forces (DVF) and local police were engaged in the anti-Maoist operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260047", "title": "Gang of thieves busted", "text": "KANPUR: Acting on the complaint of a foreign national, the Chitrkoot police had busted an inter-state gang of thieves and arrested nine persons on Thursday.The gang, comprising five women and four men, were involved in robbing belongings of pilgrims at Deepdan Mela.SP Mohit Gupta said that foreign national Martin Jung, who had come from Austria to take part in Deepdan Mela, lost his cash and other valuables near 'raen basera' close to the bus stand of the district.Pilgrims from all over the country throng Deepdan Mela every year between October and November.Jung told the police that thieves stole his camera, passport, visa, bag, ATM card, besides cash while he was moving around the bus stand area on Wednesday.\"Martin filed a complaint with Sitapur police on Thursday. A team headed by Sitapur outpost incharge Deepak Pandey was assigned the task to nab the thieves,\" Gupta said.In the past few days, several pilgrims had file complaints of their valuables being stolen.The police team picked up over 30 suspects with help of local people during a search drive across the district.Gupta said that the modus-operandi of the accused was to target pilgrims in the crowded mela area and decamp with their valuables and other belongings by either diverting their attention, or accosting those moving around alone and relieving them of valuables.On the basis of inputs provided by suspected persons, the police came to know about a nine-member gang comprising women from Maharashtra. They were arrested them from Bade Hanuman temple. A huge quantity of stolen goods, including 48 mobile phones, Rs 18,200 in cash, a bag and camera, battery, charger and belongings of Martin Jung worth lakhs.\"We would also try to return the mobile phones by tracking the owners,\" Gupta said.The accused were sent to Banda jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "papasanapalli (anantpur dist, ap)", "code": "17262414", "title": "She came, saw and conquered a village", "text": "PAPASANAPALLI (ANANTPUR DIST, AP): On any other day, the sprawling neem tree in Papasanapalli village is the favourite haunt of weary shepherds. But on Saturday morning, there was a bustle of activity around it - a gathering of women who were part of self help groups, ministers, VVIPs, mediapersons.And all the activity centred around one diminutive smiling woman, who briskly walked in and wanted to know as much as she could about the women, their self help group and how it had empowered them. Aung San Suu Kyi held the pride of place as she interacted with the villagers.Papasanapalli was already up at the crack of dawn, eager to have in their midst \"that lady from Burma who had struggled for her country's freedom\" .There were some who had come from far-flung areas of Andhra Pradesh's Anantpur district, not wanting to miss this rare opportunity . \"I travelled 40 km with my fiveyear-old just to see who this woman was, who has worked so much for her country's freedom,\" said 27-year-old Narasamma.As the helicopter carrying Su Kyi hovered around the village at 9.45 am, there was much excitement in Papasanapalli as villagers welcomed the Nobel Peace laureate who had descended upon their hamlet to see their work.Dressed in a sea green Burmese outfit, with pale pink roses neatly arranged on her bun, the 67-yearold bowled over just about everyone and proved to be a symbol of dreams and hope for the villagers.Her first stopover was at Mudakka's small home. And she listened in rapt attention, Mudakka went on to narrate the success of self-help groups in the village.\"What difference has it made?\" Suu Kyi wanted to know. And Mudakka in her chaste Telugu replied: \"Today the women are decision makers. We no longer depend on the men folk to pay children's fees and other things. We started with a small group savings of Rs 50 per month. Today we give loans of up to Rs 70,000.''And it was Andhra Pradesh CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy who did the translation from Telugu to English for Suu Kyi. The security had a tough time keeping pace with her brisk walk.As she reached the neem tree, the 10 women who sat around her began narrating their story.\"What were the obstacles you faced when you started these groups? How did you overcome them?\" she asked the women. When they said there were no obstacles, a persistent Suu Kyi said, \"Every project encounters difficulty. I'm sure you did too. I want to know how you overcame the obstacles.\"From seeking details on inheritance laws in India to finding out the literacy rate among girls in Andhra Pradesh, the Myanmar leader had several questions for Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh too.Special place for special guestIt was mutual admiration all along. Papasanapalli villagers were as much taken up by their special guest as was Suu Kyi about the tiny hamlet. \"This will remain a special place for me in my life. My name means 'strange collection of brilliant victories' . I want this village to be victorious in all its endeavours,\" she said.Suu Kyi enjoys local fareA group of 25 anganwadi teachers got together and spent the whole of Friday night readying local delicacies for the Myanmar leader. They treated her to sajja roti, groundnut burfi and chutney powder - all of which Suu Kyi relished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17262129", "title": "Diamantaires worried over falling Hong Kong imports", "text": "SURAT: Alarm bells have started ringing for diamantaires in world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat with Hong Kong's (HK) polished diamond imports falling to a significant 14 per cent year on year to $4.1 billion in the third quarter of 2012.While the US still remains a large diamond jewellery consuming centre, there can be no doubt that India, China and HK are the centres of future for the diamond industry on all fronts - be it manufacturing, trading or consuming.Already, HK is a significant partner for India. About 21 per cent of the polished diamond exports by the Indian diamond industry go to Hong Kong. The Diamond Federation of HK, China published data that showed that the polished diamond imports in Hong Kong have dropped 19 per cent in the third quarter of 2012.HK imports roughly $16 billion worth of polished diamonds per annum and that about 80 per cent come from India. There are over 350 trading offices in HK and about 80 per cent of them are owned by Indians, especially the diamond traders from Surat and Mumbai.HK is the biggest market for India after Dubai and US and that the drop in polished diamond imports may signal a tough business season ahead. The HK Jewellery and Gems event organized recently failed to please the global diamond industry with the demand for diamond jewellery diminishing amid the falling prices of polished diamonds.\"HK is the biggest export market for diamond industry and a slight fall in demand could result in heavy losses to the diamantaires in Surat,\" a DTC sightholder said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17263062", "title": "Old City bounces back", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a turn around of events, normalcy returned to Old City on Saturday morning after it had witnessed incidents of violence on Friday afternoon. Residents termed the change as a desire of the masses for peace. The police, however, remained on high alert though no untoward incidents were reported.\"People from all communities in the Old City want peace. That was the reason why Friday's incident did not take communal colour but only remained as a conflict between the police and the people,\" said Aslam, a hotelier from Charminar area.Charminar which wore a forlorn look for the last two days had visitors on Saturday, pouring in cautiously after 11.30 am. The Charminar Bhagyalakshmi temple was also opened to the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17261680", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited plan to identify genuine consumers", "text": "VARANASI: UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) had decided to introduce a plan to differentiate between genuine consumers and pilferers.Managing director of UPPCL AP Mishra said on Saturday that the corporation has decided to write the name, date of getting connection and other details on the walls of the house of all the genuine connection holders in yellow and black colours. It would make the villagers aware that who is genuine consumer and who is pilferer. The fact can not be denied that maximum families in rural areas are still consuming power without seeking legal connection, he saidAn atmosphere would be created when maximum rural families would show interest in taking legal connection for power consumption, he said. Special camps would be organised in the villages throughout the state to provide connections. He said that the distribution of power bills had been stopped completely in the villages in the past years. Now, he said, the corporation has made the bimonthly printing of power bills of rural consumers mandatory.In order to ensure that 100 per cent power consumers are getting bills and 100 per cent data feeding of the bill distribution is being done, he said, HCL, the agency authorized for bill related works with modern machines in 168 towns of state, had been sensitized.The measure is being initiated to avoid problems being caused by less than 80 per cent data feeding by the billing agency, said the MD. He said that above 50 per cent power consumers in Gorakhpur are still not paying the dues. He considered that Varanasi has better position where more than 60 per cent power consumers are paying the bills.Regarding the preparations for Mahakumbh, Mishra said that the state government had fixed a deadline to complete all the permanent and temporary works with a budget of Rs 173 crore by December 15. He claimed that the corporation would complete its works before the deadline.He said that emphasis is also being laid on generating revenue as per the increased power tariff. At present the monthly collection in Varanasi is about Rs 205 crore.After the revenue would be collected as per the increased tariff, the monthly collection would cross the mark of Rs 236 crore. The existing monthly collection of state is around Rs 1500 crore. It would cross the mark of Rs 1,700 crore per month after the bills would be realised as per increased power tariff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17260732", "title": "Ponty Chadha: The Punjab connection", "text": "Liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep made a spirited entry into Punjab's booze business in 1999 with the blessings of then Akali Dal government in Punjab.Rumours were rife then that Ponty was invited to Punjab by the then excise minister Adeish Pratap Singh Kairon - who also happened to be the son-in-law of then and present Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal - to break the monopoly of Garcha brothers. The siblings were strong Akali supporters and were considered very close to Badal and enjoyed complete control over Punjab's liquor business then. However, Adeish Pratap Singh Kairon wanted more competition in the field and allegedly invited Ponty to Punjab.In one of the rare interviews that the extremely media-shy Ponty ever gave to media, he had told this correspondent in Ludhiana in 2000: \"We are businessmen. We go wherever business calls us.\" Within years, Ponty's business spread far and wide, notwithstanding change of governments in the state. He also managed to establish his monopoly over the liquor trade even after the Congress regime took charge in 2002 and gained proximity to a few senior bureaucrats.Chadhas, who believed in keeping low profile, hogged limelight during Congress regime when a car carrying Ponty's brother, two Congress leaders and the then principal secretary, excise, met with an accident in Uttarakhand.The Chadhas are from Amritsar where one cousin has set up base while the family has another house in Ludhiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "seeleru (visakha)", "code": "17262914", "title": "Senior Maoist leader surrenders", "text": "SEELERU (VISAKHA): Raja Rao Hantole, one of the main accused in the Balimela ambush and a senior Maoist militia commander, has surrendered before the police of Malkangiri in Orissa, a border district of Visakhapatnam, on Saturday. The top naxal turned in due to his ill health and the growing differences with the party leaders and him, said Malkangiri SP Akhilesh Mishra, while addressing the media at Chitrakonda police station, where the surrender took place.The elite security force Greyhound had faced a severe jolt when 37 of its men were forced to meet a watery grave in Seeleru river at Alampaka village in June 29, 2008 when CPI Maoists ambushed the cops while they were returning in a boat after hectic combing operations.Raja Rao had played a key role in that incident by deploying militia members for gathering information about the cops' whereabouts. He allegedly mobilised a large number of militia members who gunned down the cops who tried to swim to safety after their boat capsized.The most wanted red rebel in the list of Orissa cops, Raja Rao (35) of Pulpodar village in Bodapodar panchayat in Chitrakonda block, was on the run for the past four and half years.Raja Rao joined the red rebels in 2002 and became a commander of the militia network in Chitrakonda and Janbai areas. Under his leadership, the militia network successfully implemented many violent actions in Malkangiri district. He was also involved in the blasting of Essar Company building and burning the vehicles of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17262102", "title": "Nashik mourns death of Bal Thackeray", "text": "NASHIK: As news about the death of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray spread in Nashik on Saturday evening, a pall of gloom descended over the city, with shops and establishments shutting down and streets wearing a deserted look.Residents were glued to their TV sets to track every development about the death of Thackeray. Some people chose to pull down Diwali lanterns, lightings and decorations outside their homes and establishments as a mark of respect to the departed leader, while the police department stepped up its patrol on the streets to ensure that no untoward incident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17261879", "title": "Opening day of Mumbai races postponed", "text": "MUMBAI: The demise of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has forced the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) to postponed the opening day of the Mumbai Races, scheduled to be held on Sunday.\"As a mark of respect to Bal Thackeray, it was appropriate to postponed the opening day's races of Mumbai Season. If circumstances permit, we would hold it on Tuesday. This will be decided on Sunday,\" said Vivek Jain, chairman RWITC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260556", "title": "10 assistant tax assessors appointed for property revaluation, hearing objections", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move to strengthen the property tax department and improve its functioning, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has appointed assistant tax assessors for all ten zones. The officials will be given the responsibility of hearing objections related to property tax bills and revaluing existing properties in the city. Shockingly, the post of the department's head is still lying vacant since last couple of months and being held by an assistant commissioner on additional charge.Nine assistant tax assessors are of deputy engineer's rank from water works department. Only VR Rewatkar is a senior engineer who headed the estate department a couple of years ago. Rewatkar has been appointed at Laxmi Nagar zone while the other assistant tax assessors include Kedar Mishra - Dharampeth zone, KL Sonkusre - Hanuman Nagar zone, SR Watphade - Dhantoli zone, PS Rajgire - Nehru Nagar zone, SM Neral - Gandhibagh zone, CJ Dhakate - Satranjipura zone, AA Sakhare - Lakadganj zone, AJ Bodile - Ashi Nagar zone, Amin Akhtar - Mangalwari zone.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare were taken aback after they came to know about vacancies at these crucial posts. Wardhane directed the general administration department (GAD) to fill up the posts. Accordingly, deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui issued the orders on Saturday.A senior NMC official told TOI that these assistant tax assessors will have a major role to play. \"NMC is going to begin revaluation of all existing properties once the process of capital-based property tax is completed. All these officials will conduct hearing on objections received after the revaluation. The officials will also complete the required process after receiving suggestions and objections from citizens on the proposed capital-based property tax. They will also conduct hearing on objections on annual property tax bills,\" he said.Meanwhile, citizens can submit suggestions and objections on the proposed capital-based property tax at the property tax department office situated at Mahal within 30 days from Saturday. The draft of new property tax is made available at all zone offices and also on the NMC's website (). Later, the committee headed by mayor Anil Sole will conduct hearing, followed by approval from the general body and the state government. The property tax bills of the next fiscal will be according to the new system.Meanwhile, most of the assistant commissioners who were reshuffled on Friday assumed charge of their offices. Milind Meshram assumed the charge as assistant commissioner of Satranjipura zone while Mahesh Dhamecha took over the charge of Octroi department. Prakash Warhade handed over the charge of general administration department to DD Patil and joined at Mangalwari Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17261707", "title": "Varanasi yet to find place in UNESCO heritage list", "text": "VARANASI: The millennia old city Varanasi known for its rich heritage will witness some routine activities like seminars and exhibitions during the World Heritage Week from November 19 to 25.Unfortunately, except a few, most of the places of heritage importance remain neglected the city and adjoining region. \"Conservation and protection of archaeological sites and monuments is not possible without the cooperation of local populace,\" feels Subhash Chandra Yadav, regional archaeological officer, Varanasi unit of the directorate of archaeology, UP.Yadav said that a two-day programme involving local organisation will be organised to mark the World Heritage Week at Gurudham Temple, Durgakund on November 19 and 20. The programme will feature a seminar on 'Kashi ki dharohar', exhibition of archives and paintings and slide show. In Varanasi region, there are 16 monuments and archaeological sites in different districts like Varanasi, Chandauli, Sonbhadra, Mirzapur, Mau, Jaunpur and Sultanpur. These sites have been declared protected under the provisions of UP Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Preservation Act, 1956. The directorate of archaeology, UP, enlists about 100 protected sites and remains in the state. These are protected, conserved and maintained by the directorate.Under a state government scheme, the department of archaeology has undertaken the construction of site museums at Mau Kalan and Shivdvar in Sonbhadra district, Halia and Chunar in Mirzapur district, Mahoba and Lalitpur. The purpose of this scheme is to preserve and display the architecturally and sculpturally more significant finds at the place of recovery in specially constructed museums at the site itself.Statutorily, only sites and remains fall within the definition of ancient sites and remains which have been in existence for more than hundred years. They include the sites or remains of ancient monuments, such portions of land adjoining the site, which may be required for fencing or covering in order to preserve such places and also the means of access to and convenient inspection of such monuments.The responsibly for protection and conservation is primarily vested with the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and state archaeological directorate. The most significant sites and remains are declared protected under the provisions of the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act 1958 by the Central government.The protection, maintenance and conservation of these sites is the responsibility of ASI. Currently the number of sites, monuments and remains protected by the ASI in UP is 786.The large number of ancient sites and remains, which are not protected under the Central or state government's Acts also need attention.Special provisions are required for protection. Considering the number and the area over which these are spread , the task of protection and conservation is enormous and can only be possible with the active involvement of local bodies such as gram panchayats, panchayat samities, municipalities and corporations. These bodies would be required to regulate development and construction work in the vicinity of such sites as also agriculture and digging operations thereby providing protection to such remains and monuments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260604", "title": "We're behind the game but fighting hard: Matt Prior", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Matt Prior accepted that England failed as a batting unit in the first innings. Excerpts from the post-match interaction...On the first-innings debacle: It was a bit of a shocker. To lose wickets quickly is always disappointing. But as a professional sportsman you have to look forward. To end up none down, we'll take a huge amount from that.On England's approach: You have to go out there and implement your plans. We didn't do it in the first innings. Everyone was keen to get into this Test. Maybe we got a little bit too ahead of ourselves and a little bit panicky. In the second innings we seemed to be a lot calmer.Difference in the nature of the pitch: It is certainly turning. You look at the Day 1 wicket and now; and it's different. It's drying out, turning a bit, and that's not an excuse.On England's gameplan: There's no point crying over spilt milk. You have to move on. We know that we underperformed. Already, there is a fantastic turnaround. We're behind the game but fighting hard. We will fight and learn lessons from the first innings. Gaining something from this match is not unrealistic. Ultimately, it's about execution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265082", "title": "Madonna bares butt to raise cash for Sandy victims", "text": "Madonna raised 60,000 dollars for charity by exposing her butt onstage during her show in New York City this week.The 54-year-old singer encouraged those watching her to donate to victims of the recent hurricane Sandy - which recently hit the Caribbean and US, causing billions of dollars of damage and leaving many homeless - by throwing their cash onstage, the Daily Telegraph reported.She told the crowd at the city's Madison Square Garden venue: \"I'm showing [my] naked ass for Hurricane Sandy victims.\"A person in attendance at the hurricane benefit told the New York Post: \"One guy threw a $20 bill, and Madonna threw it back and said she wanted hundreds. She yelled, 'Is that all my ass is worth?'\"Front Row VIP's saw more than they were expecting of the 54-year-old singer, one said: \"I was sitting in the first row and when Madonna did a split in a thong it was a Sharon Stone 'Basic Instinct' moment!\"Fans also had the opportunity to buy $2,500 'Ultimate VIP Packages' to her 'MDNA' tour but had to sign wavers that insisted they would not 'wonder off in any way' or 'seek out Madonna or her crew.'The agreement also included that they were 'not to engage in any illegal or inappropriate activities' or 'acts that are considered disturbing.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260366", "title": "Bal Thackeray: The Senapati who called the shots in Mumbai is gone", "text": "MUMBAI: Bal Keshav Thackeray, founder of Shiv Sena and one of Maharashtra's most iconic and divisive figures, died on Saturday after ailing for weeks. Thackeray, 85, was seriously ill since Wednesday when his blood pressure plunged and he lost consciousness.\"He suffered a cardio-respiratory arrest today. We could not revive him despite our best efforts. He breathed his last at 3.33pm,\" said pulmonologist Dr Jalil Parkar, who was the Sena chief's doctor for the last five years and was by his bedside till the end. In his last days, Thackeray received round-the-clock attention from a battery of Mumbai's best doctors.Thackeray's body, wrapped in saffron and with his trademark dark glasses on, has been kept in a glass casket in a hall on the second floor of 'Matoshree', his residence in Bandra. It will be taken at 7am on Sunday to Shivaji Park, where legions of supporters are expected to pay their last respects between 10am and 5pm. A large stage is being erected on the sprawling grounds under the statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji. Party leaders announced that the final rites will be held at 6pm at the Shivaji Park crematorium.Thackeray is survived by sons Jaidev and Uddhav, who is executive president of the party. News of his demise was followed by an appeal from Uddhav to cadres to maintain calm. However, the city of Mumbai and its suburbs had already begun shutting down in anticipation of trouble.The post-Thackeray phase marks a new era in Maharashtra's politics and heightens speculation about the strategies the Sena would need to adopt in the absence of its principal crowd-puller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260963", "title": "Bhopal memorial hospital and research faces shortage of staff, equipment reveals RTI reply", "text": "BHOPAL: The super-specialty Bhopal memorial hospital and research (BMHRC), is facing shortage of trained personnel and equipment. Some of the departments are closed since 2006, according to a reply filed to right to information (RTI) query on the issue by gas activist Abdul Jabbar, here on Saturday.The RTI details revealed that the department of oncology in BMHRC is closed since 2006. The departments of neurology, pulmonary and gastro medicine are only partially functional.\"BMHRC is like a sinking ship,\" said activist Abdul Jabbar. \"Some 78 posts lie vacant and numerous equipment are non-functional.\" In the department of medical biotechnology alone, some 31 equipment are termed as 'non-working', he added.\"The gas victims are suffering while the BMHRC authorities have spent over Rs 9 lakh on investigations being carried out by private hospitals or clinics about patients referred from here,\" said Jabbar. The RTI revealed that a sum of Rs 9.5 lakh has been spent on MRI investigations of 165 patients outside BMHRC between September and October 2012.Jabbar once again reiterated his demand for setting up an autonomous body, like the Bhopal memorial hospital trust (BMHT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263078", "title": "Corp's street vendor rehab scheme gets a new lease of life", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation in a desperate move to salvage the street vendor rehabilitation programme has constituted a committee to select the beneficiaries for the scheme.Earlier, despite having the required funds and number of beneficiaries, the project had failed to take off after a group of councillors resented the scheme saying that the selection of beneficiaries had not been carried out in a proper manner.They had also wanted the project to be implemented simultaneously in various wards as against the original proposal to run the project on a pilot basis in a few selected wards. The newly formed committee comprises corporation officials and a group of councillors. The officials have also been directed to assign a company for supplying of carts.\"By the time, the supply of carts is completed, we would be able to select the new group of beneficiaries. This would prevent the project from being scrapped and it could save a lot of time,\" said mayor K Chandrika. After the project was delayed the officials had raised apprehensions regarding cost escalation of the materials required and rise in entire project estimate.As per the scheme, the corporation would develop separate hawking zones in the city where vendors will conduct business using specially made carts. The proposal, being implemented under the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) is aimed at orderly conduct of street vending in clean and hygienic environment.Each cart was supposed to be made available at a cost of Rs 2 lakh. A sum of Rs 1.30 lakh will be taken as loan from bank and Rs 50,000 will be pumped in by the corporation and the beneficiary has to bear 5% of the total project cost. The corporation was planning to launch the project for 145 beneficiaries at special zones in Museum, Shanghumugham, Medical College, General Hospital Junction, Veli and Iranimuttam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261679", "title": "Maharashtrians in Chennai pay homage to Thackeray", "text": "CHENNAI: Many Chennaiites, including superstar Rajinikanth, on Saturday paid homage to Bal Thackeray, politician and Shiv Sena supremo, who died in Mumbai earlier in the day after having been ill for the past few days.\"Bal Thackeray was a great leader and a father figure to many, including me. This is a great loss to all,\" said Rajinikanth in his condolence note. The actor, born Shivaji Rao Gaikwad, conveyed condolences to Thackeray's family and followers.At the Maharashtra Mandal office in Vepery, around 80 people paid tributes to the late leader. \"He was a noble man and devoted his life to the welfare of Maharastrians. Even though he never became a CM, he had all the qualities of being one. He was very dynamic and strong,\" said Arun Badekar, president of the organization.In 1962, Badekar said, he used to go for art classes near Shivaji Park in Mumbai and Thackeray used to be there. \"He loved sketching. The time spent with him was memorable,\" said Badekar.Secretary of the association Smita Bedre said Bal Thackeray influenced Maharashtrian politics to a great extent. \"He will be remembered forever for his straightforward views on various issues in politics and social life,\" she said. The association, formed 27 years ago, has nearly 250 members, said vice-president V B Apte, a third generation Maharastrian here.\"Apart from Thanjavur Marathas, Saurashtrians and Maharastrians there are several other communities from the region in Chennai. Some of our senior members, who have met Bala saheb and interacted with him, recalled their association at the condolence meeting,\" V B Apte said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260984", "title": "Notice to 538 companies for bio-resources illegal collection", "text": "BHOPAL: The state bio-diversity board has issued notices to 538 companies involved in 'illegal' collection of bio-resources, especially medicinal plants, for commercial utilization.Collection and transportation of plants of medicinal, nutritional or cosmetic values in bio-rich districts of the state continue on a big scale. At a conservative estimate, the illegal \"practice' is making biodiversity management committees across the state poorer by Rs 50 crore annually, said a source in the state bio-diversity board.\"Most of the companies are ignorant of rules. Initially, we are trying to create awareness about the rules and regulations. Action would be taken in the second phase, if they continue flouting norms,\" said D P Tiwari, board's state coordinator.Notices were served under Section 7 and Section 24(1) of Biodiversity Act 2002 and Section 17 of MP Biodiversity Rules 2004, which says, \"No person, association or organization which is registered in India or abroad, shall obtain any biological resources for commercial utilization or bio-survey and bio-utilisation for commercial utilization except after giving prior intimation to the state biodiversity board.\"Local people and communities of the area, including growers and cultivators of biodiversity, and hakeems, who have been practicing indigenous medicine, are exempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261769", "title": "Set aside 50 lakh a year to prevent suicides, IITs told", "text": "CHENNAI: All central government funded technical institutions (CFTIs) in the country, including the IITs, IIMs and NITs, have been advised to set aside Rs 50 lakh a year to provide counselling services and conduct activities to ensure the mental health of their students.A task force, constituted by the ministry of human resource development to study the increasing occurrences of suicides among students enrolled at the IITs and other such campuses in the country, made the recommendation to Union human resources development minister Pallam Raju and minister of state Shashi Tharoor earlier this week.The task force, headed by professor M Anandakrishnan, designed a questionnaire for the CFTIs to assess the existing mental health needs, understand the magnitude of the problem and ascertain the resources. Of the 86 CFTIs asked to fill the questionnaire, only 26 responded. Of this, more than half do not have a full time counsellor and only 10 have scope for students to self-declare mental health problems.Pallam Raju suggested that the counselling services could be made a component in the accreditation process and that special weightage be given to the provision.The task force has suggested that the government set up an empowered committee on the lines of the Raghavan committee on ragging \"as it cannot be assumed that they will be followed by all CFTIs with the same degree of rigour and seriousness\".The survey revealed that over the last two years 12 students committed suicide and 18 others attempted it. As many as 872 students have been referred for counselling in these institutions. Relationship issues, personal problems, mental stress and family problems were reported as reasons for the suicides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260077", "title": "Crop purchase centers' performance reviewed", "text": "KANPUR: The commissioner of Kanpur division on Friday asked all paddy purchasing agencies to ensure that no farmer faces any sort of exploitation and directed them to take measures for greater transparency at their centers.In a review meeting of Kanpur Kharif Crop Purchase Scheme 2012-13 held on Friday, Shalini Prasad, divisional commissioner said all efforts should be made to make the division complaint-proof. Addressing the district magistrates from various districts, she said they should carry out inspections at kharif crop purchase centers and take stern action against those found absent from duty.She also exhorted the purchase center incharges of Kisan Shakha, Mandi Parishad, Food Corporation of India, Regional Food Corporation and Pradeshik Co-operative Federation to achieve the targets fixed for them. The commissioner also directed the respective officials to ensure adequate number of electronic weighing scales so that there is no avoidable delay in purchasing.She also asked them to send daily report to headquarters about daily purchase and stock besides displaying loading and unloading rates at their centers.The commissioner thereafter reviewed the development of purchase centers district-wise and said that any complaint would be sent to her through respective district magistrates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261954", "title": "Anglo Indians gear up for January \u00e2\u20ac\u02dchomecoming\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOLKATA: Come January and members of the Anglo-Indian community from across the world will congregate in the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which they refer to as their heartland \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for their 9th international reunion. This will be the first time that such a reunion is being organized in the city, organizers said.\"The community has its roots in India and over the years, we have witnessed members migrate to other parts of the world. The theme of this reunion is 'Coming Home'. It involves coming home to the land of our birth, coming home to the warmth and hospitality of Kolkata. The Calcutta Anglo-Indian Service Society (CAISS) is a member of the World Federation of Anglo-Indian Associations and it successfully won the bid to host the reunion in 2013,\" said P Eaton, convenor of the organizing committee.CAISS is an NGO run wholly for the betterment and uplift of the Anglo-Indian community, especially in Kolkata. The reunion has been scheduled between January 6 and January 12.\"The events of the week will reflect the bringing together of the micro-community from India and other parts of the world to celebrate its history, culture, ethos and uniqueness. Through its symposium, we hope to pass on the achievements of the community to the next generation and encourage them to carve out a niche for Anglo-Indians in the mosaic of tomorrow. The reunion will also showcase the vibrancy, fellowship and bonding of this small but enthusiastic community,\" Eaton said.The mascot of the reunion is 'Buddi Girl'. This is a name familiar to Anglo-Indian families who usually call their eldest daughters by this .The reunion aims to encourage the next generation to carve out a niche for Anglo-Indians in the mosaic of tomorrow", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17262402", "title": "BSF recovers 34kg heroin from Indo-Pak border", "text": "AMRITSAR: The Border Security Force (BSF) seized 34kg heroin valued at around Rs 170 crore in the international market, one pistol magazine and 8 rounds of ammunition from Indo-Pak International Border at Gurdaspur sector in the wee hours of Saturday.BSF inspector general (frontier) Aditya Mishra told TOI that a BSF patrolling party spotted some suspicious movements near Kot Razda border outpost and challenged the intruders, following which they fled leaving behind 34 packets of heroin, one magazine and 8 rounds in the Indian territory beyond border fence. He said, they were probing as to who was to receive the narcotics and arms consignment. During this year the BSF had recovered around 278kg of heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17263183", "title": "Ghats to glow this Chhath in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Heavy lighting arrangements will glow Ghats in the auspicious festival of Chhath here. The Chhath puja festival, dedicated to sun god, begins with Nahay-Khay from Saturday.The cleaning of Ghats has been completed while the worshipers called as 'Chhathvratis' started puja rituals with bathing, cooking traditional vegetarian meal and offering it to the Sun god.The kitchen, houses and surroundings where thoroughly cleaned by the devotees. The residents are seen reserving their favourate spot at the ghats. More than 300 tubelights and metal lights are being installed by Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) to light up dozen of Chhath Ghats situated in different sectors of the town. BSL apart from installing the lights have also cleaned the Ghats and water for the devotees.Chief of communication, BSL, Sanjay Tiwari said this year BSL has installed tubelights and metal lights in the Ghats for the convenience of the devotees. BSL has indentified 12 ponds in different sectors where they have installed the lights. These include ponds at Jagganath Temple, Surya Temple, Ayyappa Temple, City Park, Two Tank Garden and others.Apart from the township, the lighting arrangements have also being done on other Ghats by the organizers. The localities and roads were cleaned up by the local volunteers and committee members for Chhath. In most of the areas paths and streets leading to the river are being decorated with colorful ribbons and banners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260962", "title": "Use hands-free devices &amp; get booked, say police", "text": "KOCHI: Using hands-free devices for talking while driving will not save you from police as traffic cops have decided to act tough against those using Bluetooth and such other devices in cars to attend mobile phone calls.City traffic assistant commissioner V M Mohammed Rafeeq said that people were not supposed to use bluetooth or any other hands-free device to attend mobile phone calls while driving. \"A large number of people are now using hands-free devices to talk on mobile phone while driving. There is a misconception that this is not an offence. Indulging in any sort of distractive activities while driving is an offence and police will book violators,\" he said.City traffic west police have so far booked 255 offenders this year for using mobile phones while driving. \"Rs 1,000 is collected as fine for this offence,\" the officer said and added that even if a person was using a bluetooth-enabled hands-free device, he should stop the vehicle on the side of the road to attend to the call. This decision has come as a shock to mobile phone showrooms that install bluetooth devices in cars. \"There are cars with company-fitted bluetooth devices. We thought we could use bluetooth devices to talk while driving,\" said a car owner, who had come to a showroom at Penta Menaka to install bluetooth device in his vehicle. These devices are available in the Rs 1,200 - Rs 6,000 price range.A top executive of a car showroom said there were models with inbuilt bluetooth devices, but that the firm doesn't recommend that its customers use the device while driving.\"Though such devices are fitted for the convenience of customers, we clearly tell them that they should only be used by co-passengers and not the driver when the vehicle is moving,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17260119", "title": "Uma's campaign for Ganga gains momentum", "text": "VARANASI: Though BJP stalwart Uma Bharati described her Ganga Samagra Abhiyan as an apolitical campaign for the holy river, the BJP Kashi Kshetra unit organised a training camp for party workers associated with the campaign at Gandhi Vidya Sansthan, Rajghat on Friday.The main objective of the training camp was to motivate party workers to accelerate the campaign and achieve its cherished goal of making Ganga 'aviral' and 'nirmal'.It may be mentioned here that as a part of this campaign, Uma Bharati undertook a Yatra along the Ganga from September 20 to October 28. Before starting her journey, Uma Bharati offered prayers to Lord Vishwanath in Varanasi for the success of the campaign in July. In the course of her journey, she said Varanasi would be the nucleus of the Ganga Samagra Abhiyan.In the initial phase, the campaign members sent a memorandum to parliamentarians describing Ganga Samagra as a broad-based, non-political platform dedicated to the mission of saving the Ganga. A plan was drawn for the nationwide mass campaign that included distribution of Kalash bearing the holy water from Gangotri, Yatras, human chain in villages, town and cities on both banks of the Ganga, a series of 'Save Ganga Seminars' in important cities all along the course of Ganga and an international conference in Delhi.In the memorandum to parliamentarians, it was urged to build an all-party consensus to make the Ganga and all other rivers in India clean and free-flowing. To achieve the goal, parliamentarians were urged to support the demands raised by a large number of environmental activists, scientists, religious leaders and socio-political organisations.Unplanned urbanisation, indiscriminate industrialization, and reckless use and misuse of its water have taken a heavy toll on River Ganga. The level of pollution in the river has risen to toxic levels. Studies have shown that the Biochemical Oxygen Demands (BOD) and Fecael Caliform, which measure the contaminants in the Ganga, are dangerously high. Long stretches of the Ganga and its tributaries remain dry due to obstructions and diversions created by dams and reservoirs.\"While we were happy to note that MPs cutting across party lines expressed concern over the state of the Ganga, we believe that the Parliament of India must show a sense of urgency in the matter and put its full weight behind a comprehensive and effective strategy to save Ganga,\" said the memorandum. It was demanded that the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) should be given a categorical and time-bound mandate to make the Ganga clean and free-flowing.The campaign advocated that power generation should be done without undermining the basic objectives of keeping the river clean and free-flowing. Therefore, all under-construction and proposed dams across the Ganga and its tributaries should be immediately subjected to a thorough review guided by this objective.The use of water that is diverted from the Ganga for irrigation purposes should also be subjected to a scientific review. The memorandum said a lot of water can be saved from loss, wastage and irrational use by incentivizing farmers to adopt practices and technologies that both save water and also increase crop yields.There should be a central legislation, along with enabling state legislation, mandating all the industries, municipalities and panchayats along the banks of the Ganga not to discharge any sewage or effluents into the Ganga and its tributaries. They should be supported to fulfill this mandate through a policy of empowerment, incentives, disincentives, accountability norms, innovative business models and use of appropriate technologies.The campaign believes that the basic reason for the failure of the Ganga Action Plan was that it was sought to be implemented in a bureaucratic manner without people's participation. The same shortcoming has debilitated the working of the National Ganga River Basin Authority.The function and power of NGRBA does not even mention the aspects of Ganga's cultural-spiritual heritage. This must be immediately corrected, the campaign demanded. There should be a national campaign, with a strong partnership between the government and the people, to promote prudent, responsible, equitable, and sustainable use of natural resources, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17261094", "title": "Sheila Kumar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s book \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKith and Kin\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 released", "text": "KOCHI: It was an evening sprinkled with laughter and nostalgia. 'Kith and Kin', a book written by Bangalore-based journalist Sheila Kumar, had its state-wide release in the city on Saturday.The book, which is a collection of 19 short stories, was released by noted script writer and director Renji Panicker, who handed over a copy to Thiruvathira Tirunal Lakshmi Bai, a member of the Travancore royal family. Renji Panicker said as a fan of fiction he enjoyed reading the book and had finished it overnight. The debut collection of stories features Melekats, a fictitious Nair family in south Malabar which has Amminni Amma, the matriarch, at its centre. The book was released in Bangalore in July this year. \"Reading the book is like looking into a mirror. It brings to your mind grandmas and old temples. It also creates the feeling that you are familiar with characters in the book,\" said Lakshmi Bai. Addressing the gathering after the release, Sheila Kumar said many people wanted her to write a book, but she was always reluctant. \"But then characters and their lives started flowing in. The book speaks about joy, sorrow, heartbreak and many other feelings,\" she said adding that she prefer fiction as it gave the freedom to write anything. \"I used to observe everything when I visited my native place once every year,\" said Sheila. And she was quick to point out: \"It's surely not about my family or tharavadu\".The book, which is a collection of 19 short stories, was released by noted script writer and director Renji Panicker", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261733", "title": "Centre mulls giving pensions to labourers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union labour and employment minister, Mallikarjun Kharge along with coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal announced several new schemes for the benefits of labourers at the inaugural ceremony of sub divisional office of Karamchari Bhavishya Nidhi at Vibhuti Khand, Gomtinagar. Kharge said that the government will give pension to labourers and workers, account number of provident fund will be arranged in six months, disposal of all types of claims will be done in 30 days and details related to accounts on the internet will be updated. He also informed the audience about the decisions taken for the labours involved in unorganised sector and agriculture.Stressing on the need of strict enforcement of labour laws, Kharge gave examples of the non-Congress ruled state where the rights of labours are ignored. He said that benefits of schemes implemented by Centre will reach to the labourers only when state government will prefer it.Jaiswal, on the occasion, gave credit of labour welfare to the central government, and said that globalisation has increased the exploitation of labourers. For stopping exploitation, there is a need to implement labour laws effectively, but it can be possible only with the support of state government, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17261030", "title": "Woman who filed plaint against SI turns hostile", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 32-year-old woman motorist, who had lodged a complaint against a special sub-inspector (SSI) who reportedly misbehaved with her turned hostile during the trial of the case at the judicial magistrate court - III here.The victim, S Pushpa of Varadharajulu Nagar near Ganapathy in the city,was stopped by traffic SSI Karuppaiah on July 11 near GKNM hospital road junction. But he allegedly tried to misbehave with her. She was rescued by the locals at the spot. SSI, who was under the influence of liquor tried to threaten the public. However, he was arrested by Race Course police immediately and a case was registered under section 354 (assault or criminal force on woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the IPC and under section 4 (1) (J) of the TN Prohibition Act. The police officer was taken to CMCH to check whether he was under the influence of alcohol. He was suspended immediately.The city police commissioner had visited Pushpa's house and apologized for the incident. A charge-sheet was filed against the SSI and the case trial commenced in judicial magistrate court -III.Initially, Pushpa told the police the SSI tried to misbehave with her. On November 7, she was cross-examined by assistant public prosecutor Senthil Nathan. Pushpa changed her statement and said the SSI shouted at her to go and since she felt hurt, she lodged a false complaint with the police station. But the SSI did not approach with me any bad intension.Her brother V Rajesh was also cross-examined, who too turned hostile.Later, Pushpa filed a compromise petition. However, the petition was dismissed by the courtafter the prosecution objected. \"Woman harassment act was added in the charge-sheet. This is a non-compoundable offence. So, the compromise should not be accepted,\" said Senthil Nathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17260823", "title": "Delhi-Noida-Direct flyway toll hike rolled back", "text": "NOIDA: A week after toll for the DND flyway was increased, the threat of huge protests has forced the operator to roll back the hike from the midnight of November 18. The announcement did not succeed in placating Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU), who threatened to go ahead with their protest on Sunday for forcing the operators to give commuters a free passage. BKU said they don't trust the operator and will not cancel the stir until they have details of the rollback in writing.The district administration has made special arrangements to prevent any inconvenience to commuters on Sunday. BKU and Federation of Noida Resident Welfare Association ( FONRWA) had threatened to launch large-scale protests from Sunday against the toll hike.District magistrate M K S Sundaram held a meeting with the Noida Authority officials on Friday and asked the operator for a rollback to avoid any law-and-order problems.The Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd (NTBCL) had implemented the hike in toll charges on Delhi-Noida-Direct (DND) toll bridge from November 10. Four-wheelers had to pay Rs 25 instead of Rs 22, while two-wheelers were being charged Rs 12 instead of Rs 11. According to an official, the toll was increased in keeping with the agreement with the government.\"Since some factions have registered their protest against the toll hike with the Noida Authority and the UP government, the matter is being discussed. Until the issue is sorted out, it has been agreed that the toll increase is suspended from midnight of November 18,\" said a spokesperson from NTBCL.Meanwhile, BKU told TOI that they will converge in thousands and continue their protest on the flyway as planned. \"We want the NTBCL officials to give us in writing that they will make the road toll-free to provide smooth access to thousands of commuters,\" said Ajay Pal Sharma, the district president of BKU. The DM has directed police to deploy additional security forces to avoid any untoward incident on the flyway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17262054", "title": "Indefinite curfew on in Kokrajhar", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Kokrajhar wore a deserted look on Saturday as indefinite curfew in the district entered the third day. Many people, including former MLA Hemendra Nath Brahma, have been picked up for violation of curfew in the district. Hemendra was released later.Despite the curfew, the Janajati Suraksha Manch (JSM), an organization of different tribal communities of the state, has decided to organize a mass rally in Kokrajhar town on Monday seeking protection of land of tribals and to clear the belts and blocks from the occupation of foreign nationals.President of the manch, Bijan Kumar Brahma, said the state government is forcing the Bodoland Territorial Council to accept its proposal to rehabilitate all Muslims who had left Bodo areas following the violence back to their respective villages to appease the Muslim leadership to ensure support of their vote bank.\"We have decided to organize a mass rally in Kokrajhar on November 19 to pressure the administration to fulfill our demands to protect the notified villages in tribal belts and block mentioned in the government notification, to free forest , khas, grazing and riverine land encroached by illegal migrants. Their alarming growth rate has outnumbered the population of original inhabitants and it becomes a serious threat to the existence of indigenous people of the area. The government should take immediate measures to free all these areas from the occupation of illegal migrants,\" he said.The manch also wants that the scheduled tribes and traditional forest dwellers recognition of Forest Rights Act, 2006, should be immediately be implemented, ensuring full security to affected villages by providing fix security posts for the life and property of the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262284", "title": "Gives 1,007 scholarships", "text": "LUDHIANA: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dixit lauded Ludhiana as a city that has produced many industrialists of repute. Dixit, who was scheduled to arrive in the city at around 11 am to preside over the 123rd birth anniversary celebrations of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru at Nehru Sidhant Kendra, came only by 1pm. She paid floral tributes at the statue of the former prime minister.Sheila Dixit gave away 1,007 scholarships, including the Nehru scholarships and the Mittal Pandey scholarships for girl students. She presented the Sat Paul Mittal National Award for outstanding service to humanity for 2012 to Dr S S Badrinath, chairman, Sankara Nethralaya, Chennai and Pardada Pardadi Educational Society, New Delhi, while the Sat Paul Mittal Award of appreciation went to V Thalaimalai from Tamil Nadu for planting more than 1 lakh, 25,000 trees. Addressing students, the Delhi chief minister said girls had proven their mettle and urged boys to compete with them on equal footing.In his welcome address, Rakesh Bharti Mittal, president of the Nehru Sidhant Kendra trust highlighted the contributions the Trust made for the betterment of humanity. Striking an optimistic note, he said he was proud to see the country marching ahead to take its place among the fastest growing economies in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17260767", "title": "3 dead, 2 hurt in car crash on Noida Expressway", "text": "NOIDA: Three students, in their twenties, died and two were injured in yet another accident on Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. The accident took place at 9.00pm on Saturday when the Santro they were travelling in rammed a stationary bus near Sector-135, police said.Yash Gaur, who was driving the car, his brother Kamlesh Gaur, and Abhishek Rai died on the spot. The injured, Abhishek Bharadwaj and Aquid Javed, have been admitted to Kailash Hospital and are reported to be critical.The five men were going towards Ghaziabad from Greater Noida, added cops. The bus, which had broken down, suddenly came into view. As the car was speeding, it crashed into the stationary bus, police said.After it was opened in 2002, the Greater Noida expressway has been a site of accidents. In the past six months, about 25 people have lost their lives on the expressway. Despite news reports highlighting the lack of basic facilities, the authorities continue to maintain the status quo.The expressway lacks emergency services like fire stations, tow-away vehicles and ambulances. Nearly 80% of accidents on the stretch have involved stationary vehicles. With the onset of winter, the traffic police fear that the expressway could see even more deaths unless swift action is taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261997", "title": "Trader jumps off temple, dies", "text": "KOLKATA: A 50-year-old trader jumped to death from a south Kolkata highrise on Saturday evening. The victim was later identified as Monoj Oblani, a resident of Rajendra Nath Road. It's the seventh incident of fatal jump from a highrise in the past two months.According to police, Oblani, a garments trader in Burrabazar, left home in the afternoon on Saturday and arrived at a Jain temple located on the sixth floor of a highrise on Elgin Road and offered puja there.Other devotees who were present at the temple reportedly told police that Oblani jumped off the window of the top floor immediately after offering puja. The pedestrians and locals spotted him lying in a pool of blood after they heard a thud. Cops rushed to the spot and took Oblani to the SSKM hospital in a critical condition, where he was declared dead.Police confirmed that no suicide note was found on the victim. Oblani is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter.After initial probe, police suspect that depression led the victim to take the ultimate step. \"He was probably suffering losses in his business, which pushed him to depression,\" said an investigator.It was also found that Oblani had tried to kill himself by slashing his wrist a few days ago. \"His previous attempt to commit suicide confirms that he was depressed,\" said an officer. However, his family could not provide any clue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17262934", "title": "Warrant against 30 village sarpanchs", "text": "BHOPAL: In a first of its kind in the country, a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) court in Ratlam district has issued a civil jail warrant against 30 elected representatives and officials of panchayat bodies for misappropriating the funds meant for construction of primary and middle schools in their respective villages.SDM Sailana, Niyaz Ahmed Khan, invoked powers under Section 92 of the Madhya Pradesh Panchayat Raj Act 1993 and all the accused sarpanchs and secretaries will have to spend 30 days in jail, unless they refund the remaining money.Action against 20 more sarpanchs are likely to be taken soon, said sources. A sum of Rs 1 crore was allotted by the block resource centres (BRC) for construction of middle and primary schools in Bajna and Sailana janpad in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17262514", "title": "Mumbai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Muslims sing of harmony, not hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: A photograph at the house of Syed Nazar Hussain, founder of Naya Nagar, a Muslim colony in the far-flung suburb of Mira Road, has Bal Thackeray sharing a stage with then Indian Muslim League leader Ghulam Mohammed Banatwala . It was in 1979 when Banatwala and Thackeray, poles apart due to their politics, had come together to inaugurate Naya Nagar. Hussain had managed a coup by bringing two leaders who could not see eye-to-eye together, and his motive was benevolent.\"My father wanted to establish a Muslim colony and by inviting Banatwala and Bal Thackeray to the township's inauguration, he tried to send a message that if two leaders with different views could share a stage, nothing should stop Hindus and Muslims from living in harmony,\" says Muzaffar Hussain, Nazar Hussain's son and former Congress MLC. Former Muslim League corporator Basheer Patel recalls that the Shiv Sena and Muslim League even had a brief pre-poll alliance for the civic corporation elections in the 1980s.This spirit of living in harmony is evident in the views of most community leaders now that the Sena patriarch is gone. They say that, though the community was the target of Thackeray's polarizing politics, they hold no grudge against him. \"We will never approve of his politics, but now that he is dead, like everyone else after death he is accountable to God,\" says Maulana Mehmood Daryabadi, general secretary of the All India Ulema Council.Maulana Mustaqeem Azmi, president of the Jamiatul Ulema-e-Hind (Maharashtra ), said that Thackeray would be remembered as a leader who united a huge chunk of Maharashtrians. \"He was a big leader of his community and we agree that some of his views did hurt us, but carrying animosity eternally is an un-Islamic act,\" says Maulana Azmi.Some felt that if Thackeray had shown a little more magnanimity, he would have emerged a bigger leader. \"I remember that he respected Muslim Sufi saints and he held one Sufi Badshah Mian Babu so much in respect that he went all the way to Babu's ancestral village in Saurashtra to pay tribute after the Sufi's death. If he had not taken an anti-Muslim posture, he could have become a bigger leader,\" recalls Farid Batatawala of the Muslim Front.However, some activists felt that Muslims would remember Thackeray in the context of the 1992-1993 riots. \"How can Muslims forget that he called them 'green serpents' ? What he did to Muslims has been recorded by the Srikrishna Commission,\" said Javed Anand of Muslims for a Secular Democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17260787", "title": "Probe Entertainment Society of Goa scams underSrivastava's tenure: Vijai", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda's independent MLA Vijai Sardesai has demanded that the state government conduct an inquiry into the alleged scams carried out during the tenure of Manoj Srivastava as chief executive officer (CEO) of the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG).Sardesai said that Srivastava should be summarily removed from the post so that \"he doesn't interfere in the inquiry proceedings\".Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Sardesai demanded for a white paper from the government on all the nine editions of the International film festival of India (Iffi) held between 2004-2012 and that the benefits accrued to the state of Goa, especially as the bulk of the expenditure has come from the state treasury.\"Rupees 48 lakh is the total contribution of the Union ministry of information and broadcasting and directorate of film festivals from 2005-2011 against a total expenditure of 74 crore by the ESG,\" said Sardesai.The MLA demanded that in view of the present \"gloomy economic scenario\", the government should cut down on \"unnecessary wasteful expenditure on peripheral activities that benefits only the city of Panaji \" or \"political appointees who make money from the festival\".\"All entertainment programmes and parties connected with Iffi 2012 should be cancelled immediately and it should be organized as a quiet and low key event with only the serious business of film screenings, marketing and workshops being conducted,\" Sardesai said.Sardesai further charged ESG chairman and chief minister Manohar Parrikar of turning \"a blind eye to the massive corruption in ESG\". This year's Iffi will show yet another example of continuity in corruption,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262353", "title": "BBMP scrambles to complete projects", "text": "BANGALORE: With assembly elections rolling up in six months, the BBMP has realized it is time to pull up its socks and complete all the grandiose projects it had announced in the recent past.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said on Saturday that projects worth Rs 1,663 crore, including development of roads, lakes, signal-free corridors, five grade separators and construction of multi-storied parking facilities will be taken up. BBMP plans to widen 11 roads, including seven in Mahadevapura zone, and two roads each in Bommanahalli and RR Nagar zones. Besides this, 80 roads will be improved, but not widened. However, despite its plan to widen 11 roads, BBMP has not equipped itself in managing the controversial Transferable Development Rights (TDR) issue.\"We haven't set up a TDR bank, as it was debated and rejected in the council. There is vacant land available on the outskirts, and acquiring it through TDR is our plan,\" said S Somashekar, BBMP chief engineer , major roads.BBMP officials admit that the lack of a TDR bank will benefit middlemen and not those who have lost their land to road widening.In another bid to appease the electorate, BBMP plans to spruce up each constituency. Said the mayor: \"The state government will allot Rs 10 crore to each constituency for roads, drainage and streetlights across the city. This financial year being an election year, we will also be tabling the budget for the year 2013-14 by March 2013. I have sent letters to officials and standing committee members already.\"Goel busy in another meetBBMP chief Rajneesh Goel was not present at the press conference, as he was busy in another meeting. Goel told STOI he was busy in a meeting on solid waste management. \"As per the high court directive, we have constituted an experts' committee on solid waste management, which meets every Saturday. I was attending that meeting, which is the sole reason behind my absence at the conference.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260917", "title": "Irfan Khan, Wahman set cage ablaze", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai lad Irfan Khan pulled of a famous win in the bantam weight bout when he clung on to opponent Kapil Kumar and executed a guillotine choke forcing the latter to tap out on an exciting night of action at the 9th edition of the Super Fight League.Nineteen-year-old Khan weathered a beating in Round One but reversed his fortunes with a smartly executed submission.In the night's main event, Amr Wahman from Egypt was up against Afghanistan's Baz Muhammed and the fight came alive towards the end of Round One when Wahman's knee connected perfectly with his opponents face.The impact was enough to unsettle the Afghan and Wahman launched a vicious attack, throwing punches at the hapless Muhammed who could only soak it all in before the referee stopped the bout.The women's clash was a tepid, three-round affair that saw Monika win a unanimous decision against Gurleen Kaur who was on the wrong end of takedowns regularly through the rounds.In the day's quickest finish Satendar Bankura needed just 21 seconds to send Rajbir Singh crashing to the floor with two power-packed punches to seal victory via a TKO.The day's first bout - a bantam weight battle between Santosh Kumar and Sachin Mahanta - was alive enough to set the tone for the night. Lethal with his kicks, Kumar kept chasing Mahanta round the cage before seizing the chance and executing a standing guillotine choke that Mahanta couldn't survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264771", "title": "Daler Mehndi to perform at Trade Fair", "text": "If shopping isn't enough to get you to visit IITF, you may want to do it for music this year! Daler Mehndi is preparing to take over India's Annual International Trade fair at the capital city of Delhi. Pragati Maidan, the venue for the IIFT will be engulfed with the power pitched mesmerizing voice of Mehndi as the Bhangra Sensation performs on the eve of 'Delhi Day' on 19th of November. Mehndi who recently performed at the largest YouTube festival 'YouFest' at Madrid in Spain is rightfully credited for taking Bhangra beats from the Punjabi vernacular to the cross cultural heady heights of a world stage.. From rocking Ho Jayegi Balle Balle to the glitter and glam of Jalwa , to the pied piper raga of Tunak Tunak , to the elegance of Ru-Ba-Ru, his music ranges from pop, film, gurbani, sufi and alternative. His excitable dancing and majestic presence is enough to ignite the whole ambience letting alone his eminent singing. The musical performance at the trade fair is also expected to be explosive and visitors are in for an absolute treat! The Live performance by Mehndi is scheduled to start at 6.30 pm on Nov 19th and promises to be the highlight on the IIFT calendar.Source: dalermehndi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17261592", "title": "Quacks rule the roost in Gaya", "text": "GAYA: With more than one thousand quacks spread over the 333 panchayats of Gaya district practicing medicine in a clandestine manner, the health scenario in the district remains grim.A survey conducted by the Gaya chapter of IMA a couple of years back found no less than 163 quacks practicing in the Gaya Municipal Corporation area alone. The existence of such a large number of quacks at the divisional headquarters, Magadh division, reflects poorly on the health administration. As per the estimates, of the nearly 600 genuine medical practitioners in the district, 325 practice in Gaya town itself which means that less than 300 doctors are there to cater to the medical requirements of the nearly 35 lakh people living at places other than the district headquarters. On an average, only one genuine doctor is available for a population of 10,000 in the semi-urban and rural areas of the district.Interestingly, Gaya MP Hari Manjhi was photographed administering injection soon after being elected to the Lok Sabha in 2009. The photograph of the MP administering injection was published in the TOI and the then Gaya DM Sanjay Singh had promised an inquiry into it. But nothing was subsequently heard and the reason is obvious.Asked if he still practices medicine (read quackery), MP Hari Manjhi, a non-matriculate as per the contents of the affidavit filed during the Parliamentary election said he did not have the time to serve the people as a 'doctor'. But he will surely guide the practicing doctors, if situation arises, said Manjhi.Opposing restrictions on the 'jhola chhap doctors' (quacks), the Gaya MP said the government is not familiar with the ground realities as, according to him, the quacks were rendering yeomen service in rural areas where trained doctors are not available. Quacks are saving hundreds of lives in rural areas, claimed Manjhi. The MP favours continuance of quacks.The quacks administering drugs without being familiar with the technical niceties, the side effects, dosage and precautions required for the purpose, are a real menace, says municipal corporator Lalji Prasad.According to IMA vice president D K Sahay, rampant quackery was a major hazard for quality health service in the district. Sahay, who earlier led a campaign against quackery in the district, while admitting that in some cases 'quacks' were a necessary evil suggested training programme for them to enable them to provide first aid. Such trained quacks must have a well-defined and limited role under the supervision of the in-charge of respective primary health centre (PHC) and additional PHC.Gaya civil surgeon KB Singh said there are practical problems in going hammer and tongs against the quacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "brooksville", "code": "17264686", "title": "Atwal enters final stage of PGA Tour Q-School, Lahiri fails", "text": "BROOKSVILLE: Arjun Atwal crossed the first hurdle and moved to the final stage of the PGA Tour Qualifying School as he finished in the second stage qualifiers at the Southern Hills Plantation Club.Atwal, who had four birdies in his first eight holes of the final round could even afford the luxury of a double bogey and a bogey on 10th and 11th in a card of one-under 71 and cruise through in tied seventh place.However, another Indian, Anirban Lahiri tripped and missed out as his final round of 75 with four bogeys, one double bogey and just three birdies saw him finish at two-under 286 and in tied 44th place.Daniel Chopra qualified for the final stage in a spectacular manner.Lying at seven-under after 15 holes and just outside the top-19 and ties, which moved ahead, Chopra birdied the last three holes for a card of 66 to move to 10-under and tied 10th place and qualify comfortably.Robert Karlsson , a 11-time winner on European Tour, topped the qualifier at 18-under.Atwal, starting the final day in third place, birdied the first, fifth, seventh and eighth before double bogeying 10th and bogeying 11th. He steadied himself with pars from 12th to 18th.Chopra teeing off on the day at four-under and in tied 30th place, fell further with a bogey on first. But he went on a overdrive fifth, which he birdied and then added more birdies on eighth, ninth, 11th and 12th, at which stage he was eighth-under and on the borderline.A bogey on 14th made it tougher for him before he answered the challenge with a hat-trick of birdies and a berth into the final Stage.Bhavik Patel, a 22-year-old American of Indian origin, also qualified from another venue, as he finished second behind Korea's Si Kim (70-61-67) at Bear Creek Golf Club in Murrieta, California.Patel, the 2011 winner of California State Amateur title, shot a final round of 66 to add to his first three of 69, 67 and 68 and was second at 19-under. Kim (70-61-67-71) topped the qualifier.Some of the big names missing out included two-time US Open champion, Lee Janzen , and two-time PGA Tour winner, Frank Lickliter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17262079", "title": "Indefinite road blockade in Manipur by Kukis", "text": "IMPHAL: In pursuit of its demand for creation of a separate Kuki state, the Kuki State Demand Committee (KSDC) has started an indefinite road blockade on all state and national highways passing through Kuki-inhabited areas in the state from Saturday evening even as the state government appealed to the committee to call off the bandh.Incidentally, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh and deputy CM Gaikhangam are not in town.\"Volunteers of all Kuki civil bodies have taken to the streets from today (Saturday) evening,\" KSDC general secretary Benjamin Mate told this reporter.\"We will continue our stir until the Centre gives an official assurance that it will hold political dialogue with KSDC and Kuki militant groups to deliberate on our legitimate demand for separate statehood,\" he said.The Churachandpur-based pressure group also threatened to launch 'Quit Kuki land' movement if the Centre fails to look into their 'democratic and legitimate' demand.The proposed map of 'Kuki State' released by KSDC a couple of days ago, covers more than half of Manipur's territory spread over in five hill districts. It covers Churachandpur and Chandel districts, Sadar Hills in Senapati and large chunks of land in Tamenglong and Ukhrul.This came amid the United Naga Council's (UNC) growing demand for an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur outside the state government pending the Naga political settlement.Manipur deputy chief minister Gaikhangam has already made it clear that Manipur cannot be sliced into pieces by any demand and that the state government has its firm stance to safeguard Manipur's territorial integrity.Meanwhile, a ministerial level meeting that discussed the matter on Friday appealed to the concerned groups to call off the bandh in view of the ensuing Teachers' Eligibility Test (Tet) scheduled to begin from November 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pradip mohapatra made sure the pouch containing his ativan tablets was safely tucked in his bag before starting for the railway station. ativan, a high potency drug, is generally used as a sedative to treat patients suffering from anxiety. mohapatra, though, was no anxiety-prone patient. instead, his work involved giving anxious moments to others. suave and handsome, the 35-year-old smooth-talking son of a former odisha administrative service officer specialized in conning train passengers in ac coaches. his modus operandi was simple", "code": "17263141", "title": "An easily con-vinced country", "text": "Pradip Mohapatra made sure the pouch containing his Ativan tablets was safely tucked in his bag before starting for the railway station. Ativan, a high potency drug, is generally used as a sedative to treat patients suffering from anxiety. Mohapatra, though, was no anxiety-prone patient. Instead, his work involved giving anxious moments to others. Suave and handsome, the 35-year-old smooth-talking son of a former Odisha Administrative Service officer specialized in conning train passengers in AC coaches. His modus operandi was simple: strike up a conversation with co-passengers , offer them food laced with Ativan and then scoot off with their valuables.When he was caught on board a train in September this year, Mohapatra first brazenly tried to namedrop his way out like he had done many other times in the past. When that didn't work, he tried the other trick in a conman's handbook\u00e2\u20ac\u201dof passing off as someone else. The police later discovered six wallets containing several different I-cards from him. In Mumbai, another conman caught recently used a fake identity to fool numerous celebrities including TV actress Shweta Tiwari , actor Govinda and producer Ekta Kapoor. Vijay Kumar Dwivedi posed as the son of Congress general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi to get access to these film and TV celebrities who helped him enroll in acting classes and even get roles in a few films. He also allegedly ran a racket \u00e2\u20ac\u201d promising to get gas agency dealerships and government jobs using his 'father's' influence \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all for a hefty fee of course. Conmen like Mohapatra and Dwivedi may not have hit national headlines like 'Stockguru' Ulhas Khaire. But their tribe continues to grow. Touch any corner of the country and out come tumbling numerous con stories ranging from ingenious multi-level marketing traps to cunningly crafted fake recruitment drives. In Jabalpur, for instance, consters posing as army recruitment officers took matters to such convincing levels that they even set up an entire army training camp complete with an officer's mess, camouflage uniforms and an olive green military jeep with the commanding officer's nameplate encrypted on it in true army style. Interested candidates \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who were asked to pay up if they wanted to join the army \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were made to undergo training sessions that were tougher than those in actual camps.The propensity of scamsters to come up with convincingly cooked schemes shows they are getting smarter. But why are we so readily getting duped? Clinical psychologist Aruna Broota says that's because we often take things and people at face value. \"We are a superstitious lot. We believe in luck and rarely think things through. Also, we are easily swayed. If our neighbor is investing in a scheme, we put in our money, too, without checking facts or verifying things.\"Another obvious factor is greed \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the age old lure of someone promising to double or triple your money within days. The most common trick that conmen deploy is to flash the get rich quick card \u00e2\u20ac\u201d schemes where the investor is promised the moon; even gets fabulous returns for the first few months, is encouraged to put in more soon after which his money and the company simultaneously disappear. Numerous cases abound. Goldsukh Trade, a Jaipur based multilevel marketing firm swiped nearly Rs 200 crore from more than 30,000 investors across the country. In Mumbai, the Economic Offences Wing is probing over 50 cases of fraud firms. Multi-level schemes, in fact, have become so popular in Maharashtra that at one point almost 50 such companies had cropped up in a North Nagpur locality simultaneously.One such company, J S Financials, that got busted recently promised to double investments in 20 months with 5% monthly returns. Jayant and Varsha Zambre, the pair behind the company, told investors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d much like Ulhas and Raksha of Stockguru \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that the money would be invested in the stock market with profits coming from day trading in Nifty. The brazenness with which such claims are made is surprising, says G S Bajpai, professor at Delhi's National Law University. \"Clearly, there is a need to frame fresh laws and efficient surveillance procedures as SEBI rules were not originally meant to address these issues. Moreover, they hardly have the capacity to prevent a clever scamster's designs.\" Rules, though, are just one aspect. Society's fascination with wealth \u00e2\u20ac\u201d irrespective of how it is gained \u00e2\u20ac\u201d often ensures that the conman's conduct is condoned, sometimes even raising him to the level of a folk hero like Natwarlal. \"We should be very clear that these people are crooks,\" says K Jaishankar, president of the South Asian Society of Criminology and Victimology. \"Avarice should not be a value and this should be drilled in the minds of children right from the beginning.\"Equally important perhaps is the awareness that conning is a deep-rooted psychological issue as well. In almost every instance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether it's Khaire or Kerala's Sabarinath, who started at 19 and within two years had built a business empire out of his fraudulent schemes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the conman doesn't know when to stop even after making his crores.\"Most conmen have a personality disorder. They are like psychopaths who get high on the power of making people foolish while not getting caught,\" says Broota. \"In psychology, they are referred to as moral morons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d people who often have very pleasing manners , high IQ but zero moral values. It's best to identify them for what they are and not get taken in by their claims to make you a crorepati.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261368", "title": "Building plans of 3 panchayats run into rough weather", "text": "KOZHIKODE: People residing in three coastal panchayats, which were merged with Kozhikode corporation in 2009, are unable to get their building plans in the areas near the coastal belt approved as they are still under the coastal regulation zone (CRZ)-class III category applicable for panchayats.The three merged grama panchayats - Elathur, Beypore and Cheruvannur-Nallalam are yet to find a place in the CRZ Map of the Centre for Earth Sciences Studies (CESS). In contrast, other corporation areas fall under CRZ- class II.According to the CRZ notification of 2011 issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), the areas that have been developed up to or close to the shoreline fall in the CRZ II, while areas that are relatively undisturbed and those do not belong to either CRZ I (ecologically fragile areas) and II, which include coastal zone in the rural areas and also within municipal limits or in other legally designated urban areas which are not substantially built up, fall in the CRZ III (panchayat) category.In CRZ II, construction activities can be carried out on the landward side of the existing road, or on the landward side of existing authorized structures. But in CRZ III areas, construction activities will not be permitted in the area up to 200mts from HTL on the landward side in case of seafront and 100mts along tidal influenced water bodies or width of the creek, whichever is less, is to be earmarked as no development zone.Though a council resolution for the inclusion of the three merged panchayats in the CRZ II category was passed last year and submitted to the CESS, the civic body has not yet received any communication from the government. The corporation is now approving building plan following the CRZ rule of 1991 on the basis of CRZ map of corporation area done by CESS in 1996.When contacted, Dr K V Thomas, head Marine Sciences at CESS said that they had received a letter from the corporation requesting to include the merged grama panchayats in the integrated CRZ plan of the corporation. \"We have completed the initial mapping of the three panchayats and need to conduct test on the salinity of the area which will be held in the summer season. An image mapping of the entire corporation area will be done on the basis of which a new integrated coastal management plan adding three panchayats under the CRZ zone notification 2011 will be prepared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261204", "title": "Site cleared for cargo airport in Haryana", "text": "GURGAON: The Airport Authority of India (AAI) has conveyed its in-principle consent to the project site of a cargo airport in Haryana after carrying out a preliminary site visit and pre-feasibility study.The application was filed with the Union ministry of civil aviation for site clearance. The ministry of defence has issued the requisite NOC to the ministry of civil aviation and now the case is being processed by the ministry of Civil Aviation, said Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery on Saturday.A site measuring 2,700 acres has been identified for the project in Rohtak. Chaudhery also said that the Mass Rapid Transit System from Gurgaon to Bawal would be implemented through an SPV, to be floated jointly by Haryana Mass Rapid Transport Corporation, an agency of the state government and (Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor) DMIC Trust/DMICDC.Besides, the concept master plan of Manesar-Bawal investment region has been finalized and the state government has accorded administrative approval to the concept master plan.The chief secretary said that the Ministry of Railways is developing a dedicated freight corridor between Delhi and Mumbai covering a length of 1,483km. In order to tap the opportunities likely to be generated by the freight corridor, a band of 150km on both sides is being developed as Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) covering the states of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra.The DMIC Sub-Region in Haryana covers about 29,362 square km area, which accounts for about 66.4% of the total area of the state. Apart from four nodes, that is the investment regions at Manesar-Bawal and Kundli-Sonipat and industrial regions at Faridabad-Palwal and Rewari-Hissar, early bird projects have also been identified. These included an exhibition-cum-convention centre in Gurgaon district, Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS) between Gurgaon-Manesar-Bawal, and Integrated Multimodal Logistics Hub at Bawal in Rewari district.DMIC Consultants has submitted pre-feasibility reports for the early bird projects and these would be implemented through joint venture between HSIIDC and DMIC Trust/DMICDC.Pre-feasibility studies for three projects in Manesar Bawal investment region that is health-cum-education hub, multimodal passenger hub and affordable low-cost housing project are also under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261818", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Tailender, Yomahesh, helps Tamil Nadu rally to 273-9", "text": "CHENNAI: V Yomahesh hit a counter-attacking 81 studded with eight fours and three sixes to help Tamil Nadu recover to 273-9 after struggling at 8-3 at one stage on the opening day of their four-day Ranji Trophy Group B match against Maharashtra at the MA Chidambaram Stadium here on Saturday.Tamil Nadu's strong toporder failed after the Maharashtra bowlers dominated the first session but the hosts found an unlikely hero in paceman Yomahesh, who put on 110 for the sixth wicket with in-form left hander R Prasanna (56).Malolan Rangarajan, who followed the pair, was unbeaten on 50. Aushik Srinivas was keeping him company at stumps.Tamil Nadu made three changes to the side that failed to defend their first innings total of 538/4 declared against Karnataka, with M Vijay, Yomahesh and Aushik replacing KB Arun Karthick, M Ashwin and M Mohammed.Pacer Shrikant Mundhe sent back openers Vijay (0), Abhinav Mukund (6) and S Badrinath (0) to leave the hosts, runners-up last season, reeling at 8/3 after opting to bat.Vijay, relieved by the Indian board from duty at the Ahmedabad Test against England to join his state side for the Ranji game, was snapped up at first slip by Harshad Khadiwale.The fielder dropped Abhinav off left-arm seamer Samad Fallah , but the lefthanded opener failed to make it count as he was trapped in front by Mundhe, playing across the line.Mundhe got rid of Badrinath with a beauty that pitched on middle and clipped the off-stump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17261439", "title": "Cremation at Shivaji Park at 5-6pm today", "text": "MUMBAI: Bal Thackeray's funeral will be performed on the Shivaji Park grounds between 5 and 6pm on Sunday. His body will be brought to the venue around 10am, and 5-6 lakh people are expected to visit in the course of the day.While special BEST and state transport buses will ferry Thackeray's followers from within the city and outside to his last resting place, the average Mumbaikar will be left without taxis, autos and even fleet cabs as drivers\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsome out of respect, others out of fear\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhave decided to stay off roads. Thus, access to railway stations and the airport\u00e2\u20ac\u201d where prepaid booths will remain shut\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwill be severely curtailed. The railways, in view of the situation, have decided to cancel all megablocks, which means trains will run normally.While visitors to the city are advised to arrange for their own modes of transport, residents should stock up on food or ration its use for the day as restaurants and bars, including those in five-star hotels, will remain closed till the evening.Road restrictions will be in effect from 6 am to 10 pm.Because of VIP movement towards Shivaji Park, traffic on Veer Sawarkar Marg and Lady Jamshetji Road will be blocked. Near the park, non-VIP traffic will be allowed on Senapati Bapat Marg. Except for here, the periphery of Shivaji Park, in a rough radius till Ravindra Natya Mandir, will be closed to traffic, as will Cadell Road and SVS Road between Mahim junction and Siddhivinayak Temple. Those accessing the airport should avoid roads leading to BKC, Dharavi and Mahim Causeway. Also, over 1,000 traffic police personnel will be deployed between Bandra and Dadar.The city police said they are geared up for a massive influx of Shiv Sainiks and other followers of Thackeray. For them, Konkan Railway is running a special 11-coach passenger train, which left Madgaon at 10.00pm on Saturday and is expected to reach CST by 7am on Sunday. The return journey will start on Sunday evening.About the funeral, Sena legislator Vinayak Raut said, \"All permissions are in place for the cremation to be held on the Shivaji Park grounds.\" This was confirmed by mayor Sunil Prabhu.A senior state government official said that in exceptional circumstances (as in when a cremation ground is found inadequate to accommodate mourners), the rules permit the municipal commissioner and the chief minister to invoke discretionary powers to allow the use of a public ground", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262507", "title": "More people now need help for club drugs", "text": "The number of people needing treatment for \"club drugs\" such as ecstasy, ketamine and \"meow meow\" is creeping upwards, a new report has found.Overall drug use has declined in England over the past six years, but the number of people needing treatment for club drugs has risen, the National Treatment Agency (NTA) for Substance Misuse said.Club drugs are those typically used by people in bars and nightclubs or concerts and parties and include ecstasy , ketamine, methamphetamine, GHB/GBL and mephedrone.While they cause a treatment problem for a small proportion of people and are unlikely to replace heroin and crack, they can cause serious physical and mental health problems, according to experts.The NTA report Club Drugs: Emerging Trends and Risks said club drug users made up 2 per cent of adults in treatment and 10 per cent of young people in specialist services, but the number needing treatment could continue to rise. The report found that around one million people were estimated to have used club drugs last year (2011/12).The number of people treated for club drugs was 6,486, up from 4,656 in 2005/06 - with over-18 s rising from 3,122 to 4,479 in that period, and those under-18 increasing from 1,534 to 2,007.Club drug users are often successfully treated, the report found - last year 61 per cent of over-18 s and 74 per cent of under-18 s using the substances left treatment successfully.But experts warned that services must remain vigilant and adaptable as new drugs emerge.NTA chief executive Paul Hayes said: \"It is clear that some club drug users are developing serious health problems and even dependency. We would encourage anyone who is developing a problem to seek help.\"Experts interviewed for the report described possible serious health problems , including bladder pain and damage caused by heavy use of ketamine, while some expressed concern over a rise in people injecting mephedrone.The report found that ecstasy remained the most commonly-treated drug, but mephedrone and ketamine were joining it as popular choices.Psychiatrist Owen Bowden Jones, who founded the Club Drugs Clinic at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital, said: \"Whilst overall the drug treatment system has made tremendous gains in recent years, newer club drug use is a significant challenge and we are still learning the full extent of the resulting harms.\"-- THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262272", "title": "Delhi CM interacts with Ludhiana student", "text": "LUDHIANA: During her visit to the city, New Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit met the students of Sat Paul Mittal School, Dugri, on Saturday. She was welcomed by Lt Col (Retd) Dr D B Sharma, director of Sat Paul Mittal School and principal Bhupinder Gogia.The other dignitaries accompanying the CM to the school were founder chairman of Sanskara Nethralya Dr S S Badrinath and Virendra Singh, president of Pardada and Pardadi Educational Society. The students seemed excited to have the dignitaries amid them.Dikshit lauded the efforts of the school management in providing wholesome and quality education to the students and helping them become caring and responsible citizens. The CM said, \"The school is on its way to accomplish its mission of delivering world class citizens, not just for the country, but for the entire humanity. The school is setting up a role model for others to follow.\"The children enjoyed their interaction with the CM. Gogia said such interactions with eminent personalities from various walks of life encourage the students to develop their scholarly capabilities and become effective, sensitive and empowered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17260843", "title": "Govt glare on truant teachers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tightening the noose around truant college teachers, the state government has served show-cause notices to over 100 of them in the past three months. A high-level committee of the higher education department would go through their replies and decide on action against them.\"We have issued notices to 106 teachers for reasons ranging from absenteeism, bunking classes even when present in the college and not responding to students properly, among other things. Around 80 of them have already given their explanation,\" said Mihir Das, officer in-charge of state performance tracking cell (PTC) of the higher education department. The cell was formed on July 23, this year.However, proper monitoring of teachers started only around mid-September.Das said the PTC monitors teachers' performance with the help of its 16 consultants spread across the state. The consultants, drawn from retired professors or college teachers, have been assigned fixed number of colleges in their localities. The consultants have been engaged at a monthly remuneration of around Rs 30,000 including conveyance allowance and honorariums. They submit monthly reports. Based on their feedbacks, the department conducts checks by its own officers and issue notices.Das said the department had also come across couple of instances where principals were supporting the faculty members in evading duty. These colleges have been issued de-recognition notices and the principals have been asked to show cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17260081", "title": "'No special drive taken up for Chhath Puja'", "text": "VARANASI: Devotees performing the forthcoming Chhath Puja on November 19 may face heavy accumulation of silt and waste on major ghats in the city. When TOI tried to take stock of the preparedness of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) in view of the Chhath festival, situations were found not very favourable for the devotees. While scores of devotees have started assembling on the prominent ghats, long trail of silt and waste can be seen covering the entire area on many pucca ghats.VMC started the job of removing silt in September, however, many ghats are still covered with silt and aquatic plants. While some stairs of Rajendra Prasad ghat, Sheetla ghat, Manmandir ghat, Dashaswamedh ghat are still covered with silt and slippery mud, condition is the worst in southern ghats especially from Harishchandra ghat to Asi ghat.At the same time, many kachcha ghats in the southern stretch of Ganga need surface leveling. Besides, presence of stray animals at the ghats also proved troublesome for the devotees.According to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, \"there is no special drive being taken out in view of the Chhath puja, however, the work is undertaken properly at all the ghats under the preparations of Ganga Mahotsav and Kartik Purnima festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17261943", "title": "Red Cross Hospital in a shambles", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Red Cross Hospital located in the heart of the city is in a shambles due to the negligence of the state government. With just a handful of doctors and lack of proper funds, it has become impossible for the management to run the hospital.The Red Cross Hospital is run by a trust under Red Cross Society established by an act of Parliament in 1920.The chairman of Red Cross Hospital, Renuka Devi Borkataky, said, \"Our hospital is best known for providing maternal and childcare facilities. In our hospital, all governmental schemes such as National Rural Health Mission (PPP) and Majoni Scheme have been implemented. At present, there is a lack of specialized doctors to cater to best medical facilities.\"She added, \"Under every scheme, only 1 doctor is allotted which is not at all sufficient. Moreover, the government is paying less salary to doctors. As a result, the medics, after working for a brief period, leave the job. Even if we keep specialized doctors, we have to pay them from our funds but we are running short of funds at present,\" she added.She said, \"The condition of the wards is not good. There are altogether 32 beds in the general ward and 8 paying cabins. Compared to other hospitals, the charges are also less. It costs around Rs 50 to Rs 100 for taking a bed in a general ward and Rs 250 for a bed in a cabin,\" she added.She said, \"A few years ago, the government decided to convert this hospital into a referral hospital but till date, it hasn't taken any initiative in this regard. Every year, we get around 60 to 100 patients and most of them are poor. If healthcare facilities are improved, we expect more patients.\"\"In other hospitals, patients have to shell out a huge amount of money for undergoing surgery. But in our hospital, we only charge the OT fees. We need an ICU for newborns in our hospital urgently. We have approached the government many times for ICU facilities but all in vain,\" she added.She further said, \"In our hospital we don't have proper blood laboratory facilities. We have to bring blood from other hospitals. Morever, we need qualified pathologists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17262685", "title": "Mercury plummets below zero in higher reaches", "text": "SHIMLA: Higher reaches of Himachal Pradesh are in the grip of freezing cold with many areas recording minimum temperature below zero degrees. People in snowbound areas of Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur and Pangi-Bharmour have already stocked food and other essential items to face harsh winter that has already left one person dead in Reckong Peo.Budhnath, a resident of Ghumla district in Jharkhand was working as a labourer in Reckong Peo. According to police, Budhnath, who was mentally upset, had slept in a rain shelter where he died of severe cold. Extreme cold especially during night hours has made it impossible to venture out without supporting proper gear in tribal areas of Himachal Pradesh these days.On Saturday, Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti district recorded minimum temperature of minus 2.1 degrees Celsius while Kalpa in Kinnaur district recorded minimum temperature of 0.4 degrees Celsius. According to met officials, high hills of state are likely to receive rain and snowfall in coming days that would further aggravate cold conditions.In Kinnaur district, water has already started freezing in areas such as Nako, Hangrang valley, Pooh, Kalpa, Sangla, Chhitkul and Rakchham. Biting cold has already forced people of Tashigang village, last village near China border, to shift to lower area at Dogri village.As the Manali-Leh road has already been closed officially by the Border Roads Organization (BRO) fearing sudden heavy snowfall at Rohtang pass, tribal people in Lahaul-Spiti district have already stocked ration and other essential items to spend six winter months in isolation. Heavy snowfall at Rohtang pass will cut off the valley from rest of world for six months.In winters, state government-run helicopter service remains the only mode of transportation for tribals in Lahaul-Spiti to go out of valley during emergency. Construction of Rohtang tunnel has given a new hope of remaining connected thorough out the year as BRO is going to complete the all-weather tunnel by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260708", "title": "Paint 'a holiday' for ticket to posterity", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Here is an opportunity for budding artists to bid for posterity-Department of Posts is holding a 'design a stamp' competition and the winning post could well assume the form of a postal stamp that would be released on Children's Day (November 14) next year. Competition is scheduled to be organised in head post offices of Allahabad Region and the topic for this year's contest is 'A holiday'.Sharing details with TOI, director Postal Services Allahabad region Krishna Kumar Yadav said \"Department of Posts is offering a unique opportunity in the National level design a stamp competition in which the best paintings will be released in the form of postal stamps on Children's Day next year.\" Yadav said the Department of Posts has been organising the competition since 1998 and participation of children and students to design the postage stamp has been a regular practice since then.The participants are to required to make an original design on this subject. There will be three groups, including up to Class IV, Class V to VIII and Class IX to XII. There will be three levels of prize for all categories. The prize wining design in each category will be considered for use on stamps and other philatelic material. The prize money for all categories will be Rs 10,000, Rs 6,000 and Rs 4,000 for first, second and third prizes, respectively. Prize winning entries at National level are likely to be chosen as design for a postage stamp, first day cover and miniature sheet.In Allahabad region, the competition will be held on Saturday, November 23 at 11am at head post offices of Allahabad Region. The design could be in ink, water colour, oil colour or any other medium.Participants are free to use drawing paper, art paper or any other type of paper. The competition will be organised in head post offices of Allahabad, Varanasi, Pratapgarh and Jaunpur. Nomination of students can be sent to the senior superintendant concerned of post offices and senior postmasters latest by November 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260494", "title": "Citizens watch as womencops foil robbery attempt", "text": "NAGPUR: Two women constables, attached to Wadi police station, braved the knives of robbers and challenged them near Japanese Garden Chowk on Friday evening while the passers-by chose to remain mute spectators. Valiant efforts of women constables thwarted the robbers' bid to loot a bank collection agent. However, they could not be caught for want of support from citizens.Constable Rekha Kawadkar, the sole bread-earner of the family, was returning home at Police Line Takli on her scooter when she spotted a man being pinned down on the ground by three youngsters and assaulted with knife.Bank agent Ashok Gornani was returning home at Jaripatka with Rs30,000 when he was intercepted by three armed robbers on two bikes. Though cash was saved due to the brave women constables' efforts, Gornani sustained serious injuries on head.Apart from Kawadkar, her colleague from Wadi police station Pradnya Wasnik too tried to nab the robbers but citizens did not react to her appeals for assistance. Kawadkar, after having fought the robbers, also attended to the injured Gornani, covering his wounds with clothes.Curious citizens, who often blame police for failing to act, refused to help when Kawadkar pounced on robbers. The robbers were stunned by the sudden intervention of the courageous woman in uniform.\"I could not shirk my responsibility as the police in me motivated to fight robbers,\" said Kawadkar whose sense of duty also reflects in family life as she chose to remain a spinster to get her sisters married in the absence of father.Wasnik too was heading home when she saw her colleague fighting the miscreants. She rushed in support of Kawadkar and tried to chase the robbers. Kawadkar informed her senior PI MM Bodke at Wadi police station who alerted his counterparts in Gittikhadan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17262855", "title": "21 rioters arrested, three corporators absconding", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major crackdown against the alleged rioters and instigators of the Friday arson and violence the city police arrested 21 persons and declared three MIM corporators absconding. The arrested persons were produced before the court on Saturday and sent to judicial custody in Cherlapally Prison.The police said that cases have been booked against the accused following investigations by Central Crime Station (CCS) and Special Investigation Team (SIT) officers. \"Some cases will be investigated by the CCS and some others by SIT,\" a police officer said. Police said that corporators Mohammed Ghouse (Charminar), Mohammed Mukarram Ali (Mughalpura) and Mohsin Balala (Pathargatti) and six others were absconding.Those arrested include Mohammed Khaleel, Mohammed Abdul Sadiq, Shaikh Talib, Mohammed Habeeb, Abdul Saif, Syed Ghouse, Mohammed Altaf, Syed Rizwan, Syed Imran, Mohammed Modassir, M Shafi, M Azizullah Khan, M Khusro Hussain, Abdul Qaiyyum, M Anwar, Mirza Ali Hussain Baig Turabi, M Sarwar, M Samdani Pasha, M Parvez Pasha and Mir Mohiuddin Ali.The police slapped IPC sections such as 153-A (promoting enmity between communities on the basis of religion), 435 (creating mischief by fire), 149 (unlawful assembly) and under 7(1) A (Criminal Amendment Act and Public Property Damage Act) against the accused. The police said that the accused armed with deadly weapons formed an unlawful assembly in different parts of Old City and violated the prohibitory orders which were in force. They also raised objectionable slogans and burnt public and private vehicles. Police sources said that five cases have been booked separately with Rein Bazaar police station where incidents of violence had been reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265319", "title": "LiLo's portrayal of Liz Taylor branded 'unbearably hilarious'", "text": "Critics have panned Lindsay Lohan's performance in Liz 'n' Dick, a Lifetime TV production about Elizabeth Taylor .No one has been more vocal than The Hollywood Reporter critic Tim Goodman, who's scathing review has created a great deal of buzz around the featurette, albeit for all the wrong reasons, the Metro reported.The writer described Lohan's turn as the legendary actress as \"unbearably hilarious\" and an \"instant classic of unintentional hilarity\".\"Lohan as Taylor was a bad idea in the dramatic sense, but it's pure genius both for marketing and for belly laughs and drinking games,\" he wrote.\"And the best part is that it gets worse as it goes on... By the time Lohan is playing mid-80s Taylor and it looks like a lost Saturday Night Live skit, your body may be cramped by convulsions.Unconvinced by Lohan's performance, Goodman slams producers for naively casting Lohan in the lead role.\"Luckily, you can't take your eyes off of Lohan playing Taylor, which the producers clearly thought would work because they share similar backstories,\" Goodman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260266", "title": "Passengers left stranded at airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Pre-paid taxis at the Mumbai airport refused to ply on Saturday evening, with drivers calling it an \"act of mourning\" after Bal Thackeray was declared dead. Moments after Shiv Sena head Bal Thackeray was declared dead, the pre-paid taxis at Mumbai airport refused to ply. Calling it an \"act of mourning\", the cabbies refused to take passengers.Hundreds of passengers who landed in the city in the evening were stranded for hours or had to pay almost double the fare to get a ride home. Varsha Rodewale, who teaches at a school in Bandra-Kurla Complex, landed from Goa at 5.30pm. After struggling for almost an hour to get a Cool Cab or a pre-paid taxi, she ultimately implored a black-and-yellow driver. He agreed to drive her to Malabar Hill for Rs 850 instead of the usual Rs 550. \"Why should the common man be put through such trouble? This is unfair\" Rodewale thundered.Girish nair, regional general manager with DHL, was wondering how to take his wife and two kids home. They were to land from Chennai. He had a hard time reaching the airport itself. Sainiks did not allow him to bring his car out the lane from Lokhandwala complex at Kandivali east to western express highway. Ultimately he begged a taxi driver by paying Rs 200 in a shared taxi.Animesh Singh, an engineering student from Nerul, negotiated with a private car owner and shelled out Rs 2,000 to take him to hostel.Dina mehta, ex president of Bombay Stock Exchange , decided to wait for her husband who took a late evening flight from hyderabad to mumbai. \"I didn't want to have my husband take a cab home considering the problem or send the driver back with the car when the city is not calm!\" Mehta said.A spokesperson for Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd said three BEST buses had been deployed to take passengers from domestic and international and domesticterminals to nearby railway stations. Also, security was beefed up to prevent any law-and-order crisisfrom happening. \"Security is at its pinnacle for the past three days. A close watch is being kept,\" said a security official.Those who arescheduled to take flights on Sunday were an equally worried lot. Niles Costa, who was to fly out in the morning, said, \"My wife and I are due to travel to Bahrain . I am anxious. Will the flight operate on schedule?\"Taxis and autos asking exorbitant rates from desperate passengers from airport to Sion they ask for 1700, to dadar rs 3500, and to Pune. 6500. Though the situation was not of panic, they purposely tried to say lot of violence to passengers.. Neeraj Goyal an IT professional from HSBC and going to Pune from Jaipur took a bus to Parle as the taxi guys were fleecing instead of helping passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260137", "title": "Man dupes bankers of gold coins", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Officials of a bank in the city were hoodwinked by a man who managed to get away with gold coins worth Rs 2.35 lakh. Navrangpura police have started search for the accused with the help of CCTV footage.Heta Gami, a resident of Satellite , works as a deputy manager with Axis Bank's Law Garden branch. According to her complaint, a man who identified himself as a manager of a city-based hotel visited the branch on November 11 and expressed his wish to purchase gold coins from the bank for the employees during the festive season. \"He was well-dressed, drove a car and spoke English. The factors collectively impressed the bank officials who extended their support to finalize the deal. In the afternoon, the man, who identified himself as Anil Shah, called up the bank personnel and said that they can come with 70gm of gold at Swastik Crossroads. When Gami and a bank officials reached the designated spot, Shah told them to come to Fortune Landmark Hotel,\" said a Navrangpura police official.The duo reached the hotel at 2pm after which Shah took them to a restaurant and saw the coins. He then asked one of the bank officials to accompany him to the business lounge as Gami remained seated at the restaurant. After 15 minutes, Shah came back and told Gami that he had given the required documents and cheques to the person and she could give him the coins. While the bank officials got divided, the man disappeared with the coins.\"We've recorded statements of the bank officials. We've also informed other police stations,\" said Navrangpura sub-inspector R M Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261478", "title": "Nahai-khai 'prasad' very nutritious: Experts", "text": "PATNA: 'Chawal', or rice, 'chana daal', or split Bengal gram, and 'kaddu', or pumpkin, were on the menu of all Chhath devotees on nahai-khai day on Saturday, the day the four-day Chhath festival commenced.Is there any special significance of eating these items before undertaking the fast for Chhath? Many offered these items are easily available this season and are affordable for all. Scientists offer a different explanation: 'Chana daal' (Cicer arietinum) is an extremely healthy food due to its high protein content compared to other vegetables. Also, it provides complex carbohydrates, important vitamins and minerals such as folate and iron and antioxidants. \"It contains as much as 25% protein, no cholesterol and virtually no fat,\" says Magadh University's retired chemistry professor Mahesh Chandra.Pulses are most nutritional when consumed along with grain or cereal which are a good source of methionine, the level of which is low in pulses. Hence, 'daal' is consumed with rice (Oryza sativa), says A N College's chemistry department former head Dharmbir Prasad.Consumption of pumpkin on religious occasions is also based on scientific facts, says Patna University science faculty dean and botanist Upendra Kishore Sinha. Pumpkin (Cucurbita pepo) helps maintain the sodium-potassium balance in the bodies of the devotees during the fast. Pumpkin contains vitamin A, B and C, calcium, phosphorus, iron, sodium, potassium, niacin, magnesium and little trace of other minerals. It's loaded with vitamin A which helps bones grow; increases antibody and maintains and enhance skin health. Vitamin C protects the devotees from cold and cough as they have to remain in water for hours for worshipping the setting and rising sun.Enumerating other benefits of pumpkin, Sinha says it increases antibodies to fight infection and diseases, protects from skin cancer, helps one overcome eye problems and protects the male population from the problematic prostrate glands. It is loaded with antioxidants and also Beta carotene, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261731", "title": "Over 8 lakh devotees to offer prayers to Sun god", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than eight lakh devotees will pay obeisance to the Sungod on the occasion of Chhath Puja in the city. The popularity of Chhath Puja has increased in Lucknow over the years as around 15 years back hardly 150 devotees used to perform the puja.Earlier the festival used to be celebrated in Bihar and eastern Uttar Pradesh but now it has become a major festival of the whole state. President of Akhil Bhartiye Bhojpuri Samaj, Prabhunath Rai said, \"Today more men and women have developed faith in the puja and hence the festival has become a bigger celebration. Even a large population has migrated to the city from Bihar and Eastern UP.\" He added that earlier, items related to puja were not available in the city. So people used to visit their villages for performing the puja.During the festival, married women observe a fast for 36 hours especially for the long life of their husband and sons. \"Chhath is a way to thank the god of energy, Sun for showering his blessings on earth. On the festival, the devotees worship Sun god for well being, prosperity and progress in their homes. We observe fast, sing folklores and hymns together with other members of our family. It is a only festival where the devotees pay obeisance to both setting and rising Sun,\" said Shobha Tewari, a housewife who will be fasting on the occasion.The festival is celebrated on the sixth day after Diwali every year, and is usually a four-day long celebration. The Chhath Puja has started from Saturday with the age-old ritual of 'Nahai-Khai' in which devotees prepare traditional food after taking a bath.The next day which is day before the Chhath, devotees observe a day-long fast which ends after sunset. On this day, 'Kharna', another ritual, will be observed, as the sweet dish called 'kheer' is cooked and distributed among family, friends and relatives.The day three is 'Chhath' when the devotees offer 'Arghya'. The devotees stand in waist-deep water and offer prayers to the Sun God on the banks of rivers or other water bodies which will take place on Monday. A day after Chhath, which is the final day of the puja, devotees along with their friends and relatives assemble at the riverbank before sunrise and offer 'arghya' amid chantings of mantras and hymns from Rig Veda. The devotees offer sandalwood, vermilion, rice fruits, sugercane, wheat, coconuts, bananas and other things to Sun God.It is believed that Chhath is a festival of truth, non-violence, forgiveness and compassion. It is said that the safe radiation of sunlight helps in curing fungal and bacterial infections and many diseases including leprosy. According to legends, the Chhath was started by Kunti's son Karna who was blessed by the Sun god to become a great warrior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17260844", "title": "Ex-minister's car found, thief held", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police recovered the stolen car of former minister and present legislator of Hindol Anjali Behera after the arrest of a car thief in Chandrasekharpur police station area in the city on Saturday.Two other cars were also recovered from the thief, police said. The accused, Manoj Kumar Patra, a native of Hinjilikatu confessed to stealing the cars. Police said Patra, who is a driver, had stolen a car of one Durga Prasad Naik on the guise of a car buyer. He got in touch with Naik identifying himself as a rich man and took his car for test drive and never returned. Naik had lodged a complaint in the police station.\"On the basis of Naik's complaint, we began an investigation. We were able to pin down's the thief's location by tracking his mobile phone. During interrogation, the accused revealed that he stole three cars one of which one belonged to Anjali Behera,\" said ACP P K Patnaik.He said that a complaint of car theft lodged in March in capital police station was pending. \"The car, which was stolen from capital police station area in March, was traced to the former minister. Another car belonged to a businessman of Cuttack,\" the ACP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260632", "title": "Workshop on cerebral palsy on Nov 18", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A workshop on advance management in cerebral palsy for physiotherapist would be organised by Samvedna on November 18. Experts dealing with the problems related to the disorder would be speaking on various topics concerned with the treatment and welfare of such patients. Detailing on the workshop, Dr JK Jain said that the workshop would focus on problem solving approach in management of cerebral palsy. Physiotherapist, from various states as well as from Bangladesh , working in the filed of cerebral palsy would attend this workshop.Dr Varidmala Jain would be talking of neonatal care. Likewise, on the topic concerning management protocol in infants (early intervention), Dr Mohammad Qadeer would be speaking on neuro-development therapy, Dr Vinai Srivastava would be speaking on sensory integration and Dr Srivastava along with Dr Amit Pandey would be addressing the topic of stretching and strengthening.tnn Dr Deep Chand Gupta would speak on training towards ambulation.Besides, the talks by experts, the organisers would be felicitating few children, therapist, parents &amp; social activists in the evening. This programme will be followed by cultural programme wherein well known comedian KK Naiker and Jai Chhaniyara along with a team from Viklang University, Chitrakoot would present their talent, said Dr Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17262988", "title": "2-day meet of agricultural research body concludes", "text": "JODHPUR: A two-day regional committee meeting of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) for zone VI covering states like Rajasthan, Gujarat, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman &amp; Diu was held at the Central Arid Zone and Research Institute (CAZRI), Jodhpur, on November 16-17.Research and development strategies for enhancing production and climate resilience of crops and animal husbandry in the region were discussed in the meeting and emphasis was laid on obtaining the best available knowledge from all sources for overcoming agricultural constraints and applying it in the fields.S Ayyappan, DG, ICAR, chairing the meeting, emphasised that the best germ plasm of crops and livestock needs to be conserved in order to evolve climate-resilient varieties. Conservation and improvement of indigenous livestock breeds should also be done, he added.A committee of experts from different institutions of Rajasthan and Gujarat was constituted to develop protocol for tissue culture propagation of date palm and applying it in the fields. Ayyappan appreciated the work of CAZRI on development of solar energy based devices and asked it to replicate the model in other states too.He urged all the participating vice-chancellors, directors and senior officers to prioritize research and development programmes targeting the farmers' needs.\"Besides traditional fruit crops, importance needs to be given to the cultivation of other promising fruits like custard apple, avocado, pomegranate, jamun and bael in the dry areas of Rajasthan and Gujarat. There is need for effective convergence and continuous interaction between research institutions and development departments to effectively address the problems of the region,\" he said.More than 150 senior officers including vice-chancellors, directors, scientists, agricultural officers from Rajasthan and Gujarat and other states participated in the meet. Dr M M Roy, director, CAZRI and member secretary of the committee proposed vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262604", "title": "Review: 4 superzoom digital cameras", "text": "If you've outgrown your standard point-and-shoot, but are still uncomfortable with the manual controls in a DSLR, then you might want to consider superzooms. Regardless of what you want to capture, whether candid moments at a birthday party, split-second action photos of your kid on a football pitch, or even the scenic vistas of Manali, these shooters can handle it all...Sony HX200VWe discovered the HX200V to be a solid performer, equipped with a range of pre-set filters, as well as the capability to shoot 3D photos and panoramas. And it is fast, acquiring focus in a snap and allowing us to shoot multiple pictures without any discernable lag.Overall, it is a well-rounded package that appeals to users who value image quality and the versatility that comes from having the ease of a point-andshoot combined with the flexibility of manual controls.What we likeThe camera has excellent build quality. Though it is all plastic, the construction feels solid. Also, a rather large DSLR-like righthand grip helps the user keep the camera steady while clicking pictures. Very good image quality in all shooting conditions: Colours look bright and vibrant, and details look sharp and clear. Features like panorama mode and HDR work well. You can zoom in and out while shooting movies, and subjects remain in sharp focus. The camera records audio in stereo sound. Usually, the mechanical zooming in and out of the lens introduces audio disturbances in videos. But on the HX200V, the interference was barely audible.What we don't likeThe HX200V has a problem while focussing on subjects closer than three metres if you are using maxed-out zoom. Not exactly recommended for macro photography.While the camera offers 30x zoom, we would have liked to see some more at this price point. Nikon P510When it comes to optical magnification, the P510 is king with its whopping 42x zoom. In comparison, most entry-level DSLRs, when paired with a standard telephoto lens, have a zoom that ranges between 15x and 18x. Besides, this shooter boasts of performance that matches its specs.That said, the P510's user interface is standard affair; not as exhaustive and full of features as that of the Sony HX200V. Still, it covers the basics like auto mode, scene selector, program modes, etc.If you're looking for maximum zoom, the P510 is the camera for you - ideal for a person who loves adventure holidays and the great outdoors.What we likeThe zoom! If you are used to point-and-shoot cameras, you will be amazed with the reach that the P510 allows you. And what's more, the extra zoom also helps in getting amazing defocused/soft backgrounds when clicking portrait shoots.The image quality is mostly good, even at the high-end of the focal range. Colours are rendered accurately, with lots of detail and the right amount of exposure. In video mode, the camera captures audio in stereo, and also allows you to take advantage of its full optical zoom. It picks some faint sounds from the lens movement, but this is not a deal-breaker.What we don't likeThe P510 is built using glossy plastic and that feels cheap. Also, for its size, the camera is pretty light, something that doesn't inspire confidence in its build quality.The performance in low-light conditions leaves much to be desired. The shooter is slow to acquire focus, and pictures have lots of noise or grain in them. In cases where its flash is used, the camera tends to underexpose the pictures. In short, low light photography is the P510's Achilles heel. Focus is slow to latch on during videos. This means if you zoom to pan in and out, there could be moments when your subjects will not be in focus.FujiFilm Finepix SL300Despite its price, the SL300 packs in a decent 30x zoom lens. It also boasts of an electronic viewfinder though it's not very bright or sharp and we mostly used the LCD display to frame our pictures.On paper, this shooter looks good, but don't expect miracles in terms of performance from it. Still, given its price, it's a decent deal if you are looking to buy a highzoom shooter on a budget.What we likeThe SL300 is a bridge camera (i.e. a point-and-shoot with a DSLR-like body) with solid build quality. The lens has a nice rubber grip, while its matte plastic body has been given a thin coating of soft rubber around the screen area. Its size and form factor make it comfortable to handle, and easy to hold steady during shoots.30x zoom seems good at its price, and pictures shot at maximum focal length come out well when the camera is used outdoors in sunlight.What we don't like", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262398", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMere formality\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: Diwali is over but the health department is still waiting for the report certifying the edibility of sweets.Food safety officer Ravinder Garg said they were still waiting for results of around 46 sweet samples collected ahead of Diwali and these were expected in a \"few days.\"According to Ravinder Garg, \"Adulterated sweets fall under the sub-standard category and if a vendor is found selling these, he is liable to face penalty up to Rs 3 lakh.\"Ashok Bansal of BRS Nagar said, \"You don't feel safe having sweets anymore. There is considerable adulteration in sweets with the health department treating checks as mere formality. What is the point of getting reports on the sweets that have already been consumed?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260954", "title": "Kochi's Tibetan community waits for Dalai Lama", "text": "KOCHI: The Tibetan community in the city would accord a warm reception to its spiritual leader Dalai Lama who will arrive in Kochi for a two-day visit on November 24.On Sunday, Dalai Lama will attend a function organized by the organization, and speak on 'the art of happiness'.Noted Tibetan poet and writer Tenzin Tsundue will recite his poems on Tibetans and present 'Compassion in Exile\", a French documentary film on the life of Dalai Lama. Friends of Tibet is also organizing an exhibition of historic photographs on Tibet and artifacts from Tibet including coins and currencies from the then Independent Tibet.A radio used by Dalai Lama, the outlawed Tibetan national flag from Chinese-occupied Tibet, and rare photos of the Dalai Lama will be exhibited.On November 24, Dalai Lama will inaugurate Sivagiri Mutt's 80th pilgrimage at Varkala and on the next day he will be the chief guest at the Catholicate centenary celebrations organized by the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church in Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17261429", "title": "Rag to riches tale", "text": "Gurdeep Singh Chadha alias Ponty Chadha was born in a poor family in Moradabad district of Uttar PradeshHe used to sell snacks with his father in front of a country wine shop. The family's fortunes started looking up when his father Kulwant Singh Chadha managed to get the licence of a liquor shopStarted with a sugarcane crushing business at his native place Dhanaura in Moradabad, owned by his fatherHeaded business house with an estimated turnover of more than Rs 6,000 croreSole distributor of liquor in Uttar PradeshVentured into infrastructure, sugar and power sectorsGot five out sugar mills in UP for a very low priceAlso owned beverage plants in Amritsar, townships in Jaipur and NoidaLargest hi-tech city of India that was proposed in Ghaziabad came under scanner of Allahabad High CourtBrought first multiplex to Lucknow - Eastend Mall in GomtinagarChaddha's multiplex projects at present comprise a total of 25 screens and 7,217 seatsPonty's companies:Wave Group, formerly The Chadha Group, has diversified its businesses under the flagship of Wave in the past 40 years. Wave Infratech is in the real estate sector with a number of new residential and commercial projects along with shopping centres and multiplexes. Its industries division, Wave Industries is into power plants, sugar mills, paper manufacturing and distilleriesWAVE INFRATECHIt is one of the leading players in its sector with projects like Wave City Centre, Wave One, Wave 1st Silver Tower, Wave Eleven and integrated townships like Wave City and Wave Estate. Also, adding to its profile are a number of Wave Malls and Wave Cinemas across the northern belt of the country, making Wave Infratech one of the biggest names in the industryWAVE INDUSTRIESSUGARToday, Wave is one of the largest players in North India owning and operating a total of seven sugar mills in Uttar Pradesh and one in Punjab, with a total cane crushing capacity of over 25,000 TCD. These sugar plants also have a total captive electricity generation capacity of 88 MW.DISTILLERYAB Sugars Limited, a Wave Group company, runs a molasses and grain-based distillery in Punjab. It has a total capacity of 60 KL per day. A total of 120 KL per day is the installed capacity at Aligarh Plant. Wave Distilleries brands include Raffles Vodka, Raffles Rum, Evening Special Whiskey and Divine Sip Whiskey, which enjoy a massive market in North IndiaBREWERYWave Brewery has also given India one of its very first breweries at Aligarh with a mammoth capacity of one million HLPA. The brewery is also accredited with one its own brand of beer called \"Wave Beer\"WAVE BEVERAGEWAVE Beverages Private Limited owns and operates a beverage plant in Amritsar, Punjab. It is one of the nine franchisees of Coca Cola India Ltd and is equipped with both hot and cold bottling facilities. The plant produces many popular brands of soft drinks consumed in the country and has a capacity of RGB-600BPM, Mazza-320BPM and Pet-80BPMPaperThe group manufactures kraft and semi-kraft paper along with paper for writing, printing, photocopier and newsprint from a plant in Bilaspur, Uttarakhand . It has an installed capacity of 80,000 metric tonnes and is run by Chadha Papers LimitedLIQUORThe mainstay of the group and its largest activity is liquor retailing and distribution. The group has developed a large distribution network for this business and owns more than 2,500 retail outlets in the states of Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh. His Flora and Fauna Ltd is into brewery and Blue Water Ltd into liquor distributionFILM DISTRIBUTIONGinni Arts handles the group's film distribution business. It distributes films in Uttar Pradesh and Delhi and has several hits in its repertoire - Hamraaz, Khakhi, Qayamat, Company, Gadar-Ek Prem Katha, No Entry, Ready and Murder-2, to name a few. He also produced Sunny Deol starrer 'Jo Bole So Nihal'FOOD PROCESSINGThe group has recently entered the food processing business and has established a partnership firm call Great Value Food. It is the supplier of analysed food for the Mid-Day Meal scheme of the government of Uttar Pradesh. His firm Great Value Foods is into nutritional supplement.Ponty's properties:o Paper mill in Bilaspur (Uttarakhand) and Moradabad (UP)o Residential: Fairlakes (Country Colonisers) in Mohali, 264 acres; Wave Greens (GSR Movies) in Moradabad, 52 acres; Plumeria Garden Estate (UP Township) in Greater Noida, 29 acres; Hi-Tech City (UC Hi-TD) Ghaziabad 4800 acres; Cara Town Planners (Jaipur) 125 acresSugar Mills: The cartel led by Chadha group allegedly got five government sugar mills in Bijnor, Bulandshahr, saharanpur, Bahriach and Amroha respectively for Rs 206 crore, whereas the actual cost of the mills is said to be over Rs 2,000 crore.o Sugar, Distilleries &amp; Power Manufacturing: Wave Industries (P) Limited in Dhanaura (UP) Cap 8300 TCD + 30MW power; A B Sugars in Dasuya (Punjab). Cap 7500 TCD + 33MW power; A B Grains Spirits in Gurdaspur (Punjab) Cap 360 KL / PD + 5.5 MW powero Paper Manufacturing: Chaddha Papers in Bilaspur (Uttarakhand), Manorama Papers (UP)o Newly acquired Coca Cola Bottling Plant: Wave Beverages in Amritsar and Amritsar Crown Caps in Amritsaro Bottling plants: Two Coca Cola bottling plants in Amristsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17260918", "title": "Chinchinim locals don't want 'market'", "text": "MARGAO: The battle for a market complex in Chinchinim took another turn after a group of villagers came out and voiced their opposition to the project stating that the villagers did not want the same.This comes against the backdrop of the recent uproar at the Chinchinim gram sabha held in the first week of November, where a group of residents under the banner of Chinchinim citizens committee (CCC) demanded for the speedy construction of the proposed Chinchinim market complex. Unruly scenes prevailed at the gram sabha and the matter could not be resolved, following which CCC members recently issued a public statement earlier this week stating that the entire village was united in wanting the construction of the market complex.On Saturday, locals Romico Pereira and Maggie Pereira, who enjoy the support of the Chinchinim panchayat body, stated that CCC was misguiding the people and the people had in fact demanded the scrapping of the market complex. The group of locals said that they opposed the construction of the market complex and had suggested a new project to house various offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264640", "title": "Cheetah first look released", "text": "Mango Motion Movie Production has released first look of 'Cheetah'. This is the third production of MMMP which has earlier produced woman centric films, 'Phool Banal Angaar' and 'Ek Baar Fir Maine Pyar Kiya'. Viraj Bhatt is playing the lead role in this movie.The film will be released all over India soon. Film has completed its dubbing and claims to be a family entertainer. Film is produced by Abhishek Dhariwal and directed by Pradeep Shrestha.Source: Bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17262913", "title": "Ex-cop turnschain snatcher, arrested", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The city police arrested a chain snatcher who was involved in more than 14 cases under various police station limits and recovered about 17 tolas of gold ornaments here on Saturday.Interestingly, the accused is a cop of Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP), who was suspended for alleged misconduct. Police also recovered a motor bike from the chain snatcher Nokku Prabhakar (30), a resident of Midhilapuri Vuda Colony at Madhurawada. Prabhakar had served in APSP's 13th battalion at Adilabad and was suspended from his duties a few months ago. Wishing to lead a lavish life, he had started targeting women for gold chains. He was arrested under various sections in August this year but was later released on bail.After the release, Prabhakar again followed his old ways. He continued chain snatchings and also got involved in a burglary case. City crime ADCP Mohammad Khan said Prabhakar has committed crimes at PM Palem, MVP Colony, Kancharapalem, Gajuwaka, Bheemili and few other places in the city. PM Palem police CI Venkata Rao and his team nabbed Prabhakar while he is trying to steal from a house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261373", "title": "Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology paddy field attracting birds to airport vicinity: Official", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: It is not only animal wastes and trees, but paddy cultivation in the fields adjoining the Biju Patnaik airport runway is also attracting birds posing threat to flights, airport authorities said here on Saturday.The northern end of the 9,000-meter-long expanded runway falls close to a sprawling patch of nearly 62-acre paddy field belonging to the Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT). The university uses its land for research purposes. \"Every time a plane prepares to land or take off, we feel jittery thinking of possible danger from birds flying over the fields,\" said an airport official.Airport director Sarat Kumar said the birds flock to the paddy field in greater number during the harvesting season. \"We have brought the matter to the notice of the OUAT. We hope the university will take appropriate steps at the earliest,\" Kumar said. \"We have engaged five dedicated persons to chase birds inside the airport. But running after birds cannot be a permanent solution to the problem,\" he said.The OUAT authorities admitted to have been informed on the matter, but rubbished the airport's charges that paddy cultivation in its field had been attracting birds and posing threat to the flight movements. \"Paddy cultivation is done on 62 acre area near the runway side towards Baramunda. Birds normally flock here after the crop cutting. Mainly stork-like birds come to eat insects, but their number is very few,\" said P K Das, dean of research at OUAT. He further said the birds were too small in size to fly high to pose threat to the flights.Earlier, the airport authorities had informed the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) that animal wastes dumped in the vicinity of airport and the huge number of trees grown along the flight path had been posing threat to planes. The BMC has since decided to relocate the slaughter houses presently located near the airport. It has also planned to prune as many as 1,400 trees to destroy bird nests.The Biju Patnaik airport this year reported 12 cases of bird-hits. A month ago, chief secretary B K Patnaik had directed officials to initiate measures to stop bird menace, considering the state government's bid to add international tag to the city airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262084", "title": "Two more arrested in housing loan scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the arrest of three persons including the mastermind of the housing loan scam, Rajinder Singh Kalsi, 56, who was recently suspended as manager of Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, for swindling it of around Rs 20 crore, two more persons were arrested in this regard on Saturday.The two arrested have been identified as Rajmani of Mohali and Prem Kumar of Sector 15, Chandigarh and both have been remanded to three days in police custody. The duo was arrested following the discloser of the prime accused, Kalsi, saying that both were working for him on a \"hefty commission basis.\" The investigation of the multi-crore fraud has been transferred to the economics offence wing (EOW) of the Chandigarh police. Kalsi along with two other accused, Karan Thakur and Pardeep, was arrested for swindling crores of rupees during his over one year long stint (between April, 2011 and October 16, 2012) at Punjab &amp; Sindh Bank in Sector 24.Police sources said accused Rajmani and Prem used to put their signatures on fake documents posing as loan seekers and in some of the documents, both were also shown as owners of fictitious properties, against which housing loans were obtained.The agency on Saturday also summoned four clerical employees of Punjab and Sindh Bank, Sector 24 and recorded their statements in this regard.Police sources said the EOW has also identified two properties of the mastermind Kalsi in the periphery of Chandigarh apart from his lavish house in Phase-III, Mohali. Sources said, \"A huge portion of the swindled money has been invested in property, finance, besides shopping. And after mastermind Kalsi, accused Karan Thakur, a liquor contractor, is the second person, who has benefited the most from the swindled money.\"DSP (EOW) Anil Joshi said four cars were also found to be registered in the names of Kalsi's kin. His four bank accounts have been found and the banks concerned have been requested to seize these accounts.Police have also seized around 133 housing loan case files sanctioning these loans during Kalsi's over one year tenure at the bank. All loan files were found to have fake documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "a friend blogged the other day", "code": "17261365", "title": "Stop that mobile mayhem", "text": "A friend blogged the other day: \"Children today grow up knowing exactly what a mobile phone is, and how to use it - usually by the age of 5. That's because they watch us adults use them or they borrow them to play games with. Every time they do this, it leaves us casting a watchful eye on our children so that they don't make any phone calls, send e-mails, or generally cause havoc with our digital lives.\"My neighbour's daughter Anoushka was all of three when she commandeered her daddy's cellphone. She identified that logo thingy for music, located her favourite tune, and played it. Her parents went 'wow' and rushed around showing off their dear darling's aptitude all day. But it was a different story when Anoushka's little baby fingers jabbed that play button at 10 past midnight. Repeatedly.Any post modern-day parent can tell you how insistent 3-year-olds can be, and what happens when they're extricated from their toy of the moment. The next day, the draggled duo (Baby Anoushka's biological parents) spent a significant portion of their waking day, attempting to hide daddy's cellphone from their darling daughter. Such is life.\"This Diwali, in accordance with established custom, I phoned a retired professor friend, known for his reverence to tradition and to the Swadeshi sentiment. One had got used to hearing the Gayatri mantra or some patriotic song as his caller tune. Imagine the shock to hear 'Beedi jalai le' blasting into your ear!\" sighed one of Patna's well-known academics who wished not be named. One of the prof's visiting grandchildren had played a prank. For three days, the unsuspecting septuagenarian had shocked and surprised, shaken and stirred friends , family and other distinguished members of the 'tradition brigade'. Many thought they had dialled the wrong number and didn't complete their calls.\"The other day, my daughter, who is all of 23 and six months into her first job in a media company, decided it was time to wean me off my trusted old-style mobile,\" confides Mrs M from Patliputra Colony. \"She bought me a new smart phone with all this android stuff as a dhanteras present. It's got gmail and all sorts of applications. My daughter unpacked the thing, transferred my old sim card, touched the soft screen. Then she placed the thing in my hands and off she went back to Delhi. The problem is, the bloody phone is smarter than I am!\"Another frazzled Patna denizen in the 'mature age-cohort' mulls over a chilled beer. \"A friend of mine buys this new touch-screen phone. She rings me and says, I can't seem to sign out of my gmail account. So I tell her to come over and we'll figure it out. Her complaint was that whenever she turns her phone on, her e-mail account was always active. No password protection. After fiddling around with the device for half-an-hour, we're stumped. A kid walks in. He tells us that the email is synced and there's no 'signing in' or 'signing out'. My friend wails: But I want my e-mails private. Anyone who touches my phone will be able to read my e-mails! Oh, that's no problem, says the kid, rolling his eyes heavenwards at our stupidity, just put a password on your access screen!\"The new smartphones come with such an array of 'uses' that many who grew up in the dial-up era are left confounded. That's the subject of another article. However, for frazzled parents with precocious 3-year-olds, there's a new app that's supposed to make your mobile phone childproof.'Kid's Corner' on some of the new phones, and those which use Windows 8 gives you a feeling of relief and security when you hand over your phone to the kids. It's a place where your child can play, fiddle, and interact as much as they like without deleting your contacts, sending an e-mail to your entire address book or uploading photos to your Facebook profile with the stealth and agility that any parent will be too familiar with - all before hitting reset phone.They may not do this on purpose - I'm sure most don't - but young children have a knack for causing the most amount of digital damage with very little effort - somehow. This new child-safe zone can be customized somewhat by your child. You can change the wallpaper, the accent, the theme colours and the name that appears on the lock screen, so that there's no way your child can confuse which screen is theirs, and which is yours. All you need to do is to set up a pin, which protects your 'section' of the phone from the 'Kid's Corner'.For the rest of the mature 'mobile-phone challenged community' still grappling with their brand new touch- screen smartphones, there's consolation in that Crosby Stills Nash and Young classic that goes, \"Teach your parents well ...\" There's always a bright young teenager around who can show us the way to android heaven. So stop being an angry old bird and just chill!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261612", "title": "Spend 50 lakh/year to curb suicides, IITs told", "text": "CHENNAI: All Central government funded technical institutions (CFTIs) in the country, including the IITs, IIMs and NITs, have been advised to set aside 50 lakh a year to provide counselling services and conduct activities to ensure the mental health of their students.A task force, constituted by the ministry of human resource development to study the increasing occurrences of suicides among students enrolled at the IITs and other such campuses in the country, made the recommendation to Union human resource development minister Pallam Raju and minister of state Shashi Tharoor earlier this week.The task force, headed by professor M Anandakrishnan, designed a questionnaire for the CFTIs to assess the existing mental health needs, understand the magnitude of the problem and ascertain the resources. Of the 86 CFTIs asked to fill out the questionnaire, only 26 responded. Of this, more than half do not have a full time counsellor and only 10 have scope for students to declare their mental health problems.\"The problem is only going to grow,\" said Anandakrishnan. Raju suggested that the counselling services be made a component in the accreditation process and that special weightage be given to the provision, he added.The task force has suggested that the government set up an empowered committee on the lines of the Raghavan committee on ragging \"as it cannot be assumed that they will be followed by all CFTIs with the same degree of rigour ad seriousness.\" The empowered committee should facilitate the establishment of a common database relating to the incidence of suicide and availability of support systems.Anandakrishnan suggested that institutions stop acting defensive. \"There is a tendency to brush such incidents under the carpet. People should be frank and analyse the reasons to see it doesn't happen again,\" he said. The survey revealed that over the last two years the institutions reported that 12 students committed suicide and 18 attempted suicide.As many as 872 students have been referred for counselling. Relationship issues, mental stress and family problems were reported as reasons for the suicides. Member of the task force and founder of Sneha suicide helpline Dr Lakshmi Vijayakumar said that with three of the 12 students who committed suicide being first years and seven coming from ST and OBC backgrounds, there seems to be a problem of adjustment.\"Many times students go from one insular situation while preparing to get into the IITs in the last two years of school to another insular situation in the IITs, which being residential institutions are cut off from regular life,\" Dr Lakshmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17263159", "title": "Notes from Psy baba land", "text": "Gangnam, the hip hotspot in Seoul made famous by rapstar Psy, is not just an exclusive neighbourhood. Avijit Ghosh discovers that for most Koreans, it's still a mythical place that many yearn to become a part ofAhard rain is falling. It's cold and grey outside. But at Vecchia and Nuovo, a delicatessen bakery and cafe poised on the swish side of Gangnam, everything is warm, especially the smile that the slimwaisted waiters wear. Only that the large cappuccino they serve comes for a scalding 10 dollars.This is the sort of place where expensive-looking ladies in flashy scarves and trendy jackets talk in hushed tones and nibble on black rice and tuna salad while fondling their red Gucci bags like a pet poodle. They are probably the people Psy refers to in his music video, Gangnam style. \"A classy girl who knows how to enjoy the freedom of a cup of coffee ,\" goes the English translation of the Korean blockbuster track.Before the song went viral \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 745 million viewers on YouTube and still counting \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gangnam, literally meaning the south of the river, in this case Han, was already the hippest hotspot in Seoul. But unlike popular perception, the area isn't a niche neighbourhood; rather a sprawling expanse that runs into several dongs (sections ) and kilometres.The skyscrapers at Samseung Dong are impressive bricks and shining glass.And the Cheongdam section almost chokes with premium luxury brands like DKNY, Calvin Klein , Prada and Cartier . But it is the people, as Psy seems to suggest in a slightly sarcastic manner, who imbue the place with its real identity. Much of Gangnam feels like an open air ramp where pretty women walk right out of fashion mags and prettier boomtown boys redefine androgynous beauty . They all look young and contemporary \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a confident generation enjoying the good life.Yet for most Koreans, Gangnam isn't just a destination, it's almost a grand idea. It is a mythical place that most yearn to become a part of but only a fortunate few reach. Back in the 1960s, South Korea was primarily an agricultural country . \"The Korean per capita income \u00e2\u20ac\u201d just 82 US dollars in 1960 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was lower than that enjoyed by sub-Saharan states,\" says the book, 'The Korea success story '. Today that number has jumped beyond 20,000 US dollars . An article in the newspaper Korea Joongang Daily, titled, \"Gangnam has 'style' and so much more,\" points out that back in the 1960s, Gangnam was the least developed district in Seoul and overrun with paddy fields. Now it is a nation's proud badge underlining its transition from an agrarian society to a successful urbanised industrial economy.Few outside Korea know that Gangnam also occupies premium space in Korean television shows, movies and literature. The article in Korea Joongang Daily also points out that in the TV serial, 'Architecture 101', a character wants to shift to the richie-rich part of the city after finding out that his object of affection is attracted to a Gangnam man from a well-heeled family. In Korean writer Hwang Sok-Yong's novel,'Gangnam Mong' (dream), almost everyone wants to become a Gangnam resident. A small reality check though \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gangnam district office research shows 5,300 households survive on dole, the article says. Which is why when asked, what Gangnam means to her, salesgirl Park Kyun Hwa at The Face Shop, replies, with a rather blank look, it means \"busy\" and \"complicated .\" Unlike Psy, she doesn't live there.Psy\u00e2\u20ac\u201dor Park Jae-Sange\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis an original Gangnam boy. The 34-yearold rich, fat popstar, whose family owns a semiconductor company and also runs a chain of restaurants, grew up clubbing wildly in these parts. The song has made him, arguably , the most talked-about Korean in the world nowadays. \"Psy's Gangnam Style broke away from the traditional fan base, which was typically idol band fans in Asia , and became the centre in the mainstream western music industry,\" South Korea's minister of culture, sports and tourism, Choe Kwang-shik , told Sunday Times .He seems to be hinting that the song has also taken global awareness of Korean pop to a new level. Taxi driver Kim Yoon Jay says most of his customers are American GIs in Korea. \"They just love the song. It helps us bond and talk about something in common ,\" he says. K Pop is hugely popular in Japan and parts of China. Now thanks to Chris Gayle , most of internet connected India too loves the track. Ironically, Psy was far away from Gangnam last week. He was flashmobbing in Paris , footstomping with Madonna in Miami and speaking at the Oxford Union. In Korea, he does the horse dance only on the giant LED screen in one of those crazy high-rises these days. Gangnam Style is likely to go down in history as the song that unleashed the real global potential of an internet music video in these free broadcasting times. The song introduced millions to Korea across the globe. And in the process has immortalised the place where the singer grew up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260217", "title": "2-year old dies of burn injuries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A two-year-old girl, who sustained severe burn injuries in an incident on Friday night in Naroda, succumbed to the injuries on Saturday morning. Earlier, the girl's mother had died in the incident.According to Naroda police, Kinjal, 2, a resident of Ashwamegh Society in Payalnagar, was one of the three victims of an LPG cylinder blast. Investigators said that Rekha Kalal, her husband Pappubhai and daughter Kinjal had been out and had returned home at 7pm. When Rekha, 26, switched on the light in the kitchen, the LPG cylinder caught fire and a blast took place in which she sustained severe burn injuries.\"While Rekha died on the spot, Kinjal and Pappu were taken to a private hospital and were later shifted to the Civil Hospital where she died,\" said a Naroda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "change is coming to delhi university , one of india's foremost campuses, at a steep price. there's now 24-hour surveillance in its colleges, dissenters are video-taped and salaries slashed for speaking out. the air's simmering with suspicion delhi university, a premier higher educational institution in the country, has turned into a laboratory for academic experimentation . but a host of academic and administrative reforms by the university has set off a bitter war of attrition between teachers, students and authorities. the debate over educational standards has led to a brittle face-off over far reaching structural changes in the university. the result", "code": "17263178", "title": "Ravages of reforms", "text": "Change is coming to Delhi University , one of India's foremost campuses, at a steep price. There's now 24-hour surveillance in its colleges, dissenters are video-taped and salaries slashed for speaking out. The air's simmering with suspicion Delhi University, a premier higher educational institution in the country, has turned into a laboratory for academic experimentation . But a host of academic and administrative reforms by the university has set off a bitter war of attrition between teachers, students and authorities. The debate over educational standards has led to a brittle face-off over far reaching structural changes in the university. The result: a breakdown in communication between teachers and the university administration.Recently, students and teachers protesting reform measures pushed through without proper dialogue, gathered outside the vice-chancellor's office to watch Charlie Chaplin's The Great Dictator. During the film, the administration allegedly cut off the electricity. Angry protestors sought an explanation for the disruption from vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh. Singh refused to meet them. \"The VC was inside the office and during the protest he walked from one end of the corridor to the other without so much as acknowledging the presence of the large number of students and teachers,\" says Ragini Jha, a student present on the occasion.University old timers believe this is unusual behaviour for a VC, given the democratic traditions of DU. At the centre of the protracted stand-off between the academia and the VC is his silence \u00e2\u20ac\u201d what teachers describe as his continued refusal to talk to them. Over last 20 months teachers have shot off 50 letters. None has been answered. A 23-day relay hunger strike has also been met with silence. \"When we are talking about any modern university space, it's got to be cooperative . There can't be a valorization of hierarchy. At present the idea of the university as a co-operative enterprise is being stood on its head,\" says Mukul Mangalik, a teacher at Ramjas College.The VC, on his part, denies charges of lack of consultation. \"I have personally interacted with over 4,000 teachers. Is that not consultation? Seven hundred of them are working in smaller groups, fine-tuning the details and holding meetings for hours. There has been an academic congress meeting too,\" he said in an interview a couple of months ago.Meanwhile, the atmosphere of the institution Singh presides over is charged with hostility and suspicion . The authorities believe that job-shirking teachers need disciplining to make higher educational institutions globally competitive. But the issue is complicated, and viewing it through a narrow pro and anti-reform prism only adds to the current crisis. Teachers are not shying away from the charges usually leveled at them: absenteeism, questionable quality of teaching, etc. In fact, some colleges like Ramjas have instituted an internal mechanism for disciplining truant teachers. The need for such measures is not disputed. What is worrying is the coercion.Colleges are rapidly turning into spaces for 24-hour surveillance, and dissenters are being video-taped . Some are finding their salaries slashed for participating in demonstrations . \"A typical college has anything like 30 cameras installed in every nook and corner, including near hostels or sports grounds. Some of these are night vision cameras . Often there are giant TV screens installed in the principal's offices with all these videos running ,\" says Kirori Mal teacher Saumyajit Bhattacharya.Within the academic community difference of opinion exists about semesterization, the proposed fouryear undergraduate course, and the Meta University scheme. Dissident teachers say they are not seeking an endorsement of their views. They simply want the authorities to acknowledge them as an integral part of DU's intellectual discourse. The teachers are arguing for 'reforms' to be implemented in the classroom only after a thorough discussion.The semester system has been caught in a long-drawn tussle. But can such expansive reforms be implemented in a hurry? The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), for example, had to wait for years before implementing examination reforms so that proper discussions could take place. \"It is to be expected that a change in the higher education policy of a country as massive as India would generate passionate debate. We teachers should have been considered the most valuable interlocutors in this process, but we were stunned by the speed and ferocity of the reforms, and the criminalisation of our right to dissent,\" says Sunalini Kumar, teacher at Lady Shri Ram College.According to its critics, the standards by which DU's performance is judged are also arbitrary. \"It's okay to measure output in terms of the number of graduates that went on to get higher degrees, or gained admission in professional courses or got decent, satisfying jobs,\" says Kumar. \"But since we don't have the political will to collect that sort of data, we take the short cut and define output as the number of courses being offered and the number of teaching hours enforced per week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260945", "title": "Navy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s apartment complex Varuna to get a facelift", "text": "KOCHI: Varuna, owned by the Indian Navy and one of the oldest apartment complexes in the city, is all set to get a facelift. Contract for carrying out the renovation work has already been awarded. The works include water proofing, plastering inside flats, relaying of water pipes and painting.The Navy sources said the twin tower building, located at Elamkulam, was bought from the Kerala State Housing Board in 1987. The apartment complex was built primarily for some other purpose but the Navy bought it when nobody was there to occupy the building. \"As per government guidelines renovation need to be conducted periodically. But, this is the major renovation work being carried out since the Navy bought the apartment. Military engineer services has already commenced steps for renovation,\" said a senior navy officer. According to the Navy the apartment complexes has 104 flats resided by senior sailors. The renovation of another apartment complex owned by the Navy, Varsha, was completed a few months ago.Sources said the renovation of the apartment complex was also carried out in two stages.Contract for carrying out the renovation work has already been awarded. The works include water proofing, plastering inside flats, relaying of water pipes and painting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261482", "title": "Milk demand shoots up for 'Kharna'", "text": "PATNA: 'Gud wali kheer' and chapati will mark the evening of 'Kharna' at most of the households in Bihar on Sunday. In the run-up to the occasion, demand for milk has shot up, forcing people to make advance booking for a few litres and reach the milk parlours early to get milk.The general manager, marketing, of Sudha Dairy Project, Rajiv Verma said the demand for milk for the four-day festival of Chhath has soared. Arrangements have been made by the company for the supply of around 28.5 lakh litres of milk to Bihar and Jharkhand for two days. The day of 'Kharna' alone will see a total supply of 18.5 lakh litres in both the states. \"There is 18 to 20% rise in the sale of milk this festive season in comparison to the previous year and the sale of ghee, too, has gone up by 25 to 30%, with around 1.3 lakh litres having been supplied till now,\" said the GM.Sources said the demand of milk in the state capital on the day of 'Kharna' is 2.75 lakh litres. \"We have, in fact, preponed our supply, so that any problem during transportation can be tackled and the milk can reach the buyers without delay,\" said marketing manager at Patna Dairy Project, Niranjan Kumar.Not only Sudha, but private dairies too have left no stone unturned to meet the demand of consumers ahead of 'Kharna' in the city. Ramendra Chaudhary, who runs a small dairy, said he has experienced a fourfold increase in demand for milk for 'Kharna'. Some other milkmen also spoke of much higher demand.Moreover, milk parlours in the city remained crowded on Saturday and the owners expected the same rush on 'Kharna' too. Naresh Kumar, who owes a general store at Kidwaipuri and sells packed milk of a private firm, said he received advance booking from customers for milk.The sole losers in the game of mismatch of demand and supply of milk are the 'aam admi' who cannot do without it even for a day. One Manoj Kumar , spotted buying a half-litre milk packet at a general store on Boring Road on Saturday, said he had to pay a rupee extra. \"I stay alone in Patna and half litre is sufficient for me. But my milkman made an excuse that he would not be able to supply milk on Chhath as the festival was celebrated at his home.\"However, Pinku Kumar of a general store in Buddha Colony had a different tale. He said since most people had moved to their native places, the sale of both milk and ghee had gone down at his shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261207", "title": "21% of Bhupinder Singh Hooda's promises not implemented", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As many as 1,098 announcements, around 21% of the total, made by Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda are either found to be non-feasible or not implemented, revealed an RTI query.According to an 818-page information report obtained by P P Kapur, an RTI activist from Panipat, the chief minister's office (CMO) on November 6 revealed that from March 2005, Hooda had made 5,135 announcements at public meetings and at interactions .The query revealed that 3,356 announcements were executed while 616 announcements were found to be non-feasible on technical grounds. Work is in progress on 681 announcements while 482 such announcements are awaiting execution.The maximum number of 1,237 announcements were made for Rohtak district, Hooda's home district while 43 announcements were made for Yamunanagar district. Officials in the CMO confirmed to have provided the information. \"As far as the non-feasible announcements are concerned it could be only due to technical reasons,\" officials at CMO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263058", "title": "University of Kerala exams postponed", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The University of Kerala has postponed all its exams, including practical examinations and viva-voce, which were scheduled for November 20 to 22 due to the annual athletic meet. The revised dates would be announced later. There would be no change in the exams for distance education students. It has also postponed the interviews for the posts of lectures in the department of physical education, which were scheduled from November 26 to 29.National Library Week celebration: The university library will celebrate National Library Week on November 20. An exhibition of rare books and publications will be held as part of the event.Seats vacant: Seats are available for TV news reading and comparing course offered by the university's Centre for Adult Continuing Education and Extension. Those who have passed plus-two or pre-degree course can apply. The classes will be held on Saturday and Sunday. Those interested in applying should remit Rs 150 in the name of director, CACEE in the SBT account number 57002299878. The last date is November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17261673", "title": "Congress leader killed in freak accident", "text": "MADIKERI: Abdul Lathif, a Congress leader, died in a freak accident inside the forest on Friday. A gun pierced through his waist and stomach, said police. Stanely, Lathif's driver, told police that on Thursday evening the two along with four other villagers had allegedly gone to Birunani in the Brahmagiri forest range to poach. They parked their vehicle in Annalamada Girish's house before entering the forest. Around 8pm when an elephant came in Lathif's path, he panicked and slipped from the rock he was standing on. His gun went off accidentally, and its butt pierced him killing him on the spot. When the four villagers realised that he was dead they fled, Stanely told police in his statement. He also told police that he cannot identify the villagers who accompanied them. Stanely reached Virajpet at 3am and informed Lathif's family of the incident. His brother, Arif, lodged a complaint with the Birunani police suspecting foul play. Superintendent of police Manjunath Annigeri visited the spot. Kutta circle inspector Shivashankar will probe into the incident, he added. A post-mortem report is awaited to ascertain the exact cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264350", "title": "Karamchand's Kitty in Sold", "text": "Sitting quietly in the theatre sipping coffee, one would have mistaken actress Sushmita Mukherjee for one among the audience who had come to watch the premiere of a film at a city theatre. A popular face on both TV and big screen, the actress, we hear, has bagged a plum Hollywood project and will be in Kolkata till the end of this month. No prize for guessing, Sushmita is very much a part of Oscar-winning director Jeffrey D Brown's forthcoming film, 'Sold', which deals with child trafficking. When quizzed, Sushmita, who is still remembered for her character, Kitty , in the 1980s show Karamchand , revealed, \"Yes, I am doing a Hollywood film, but I can't utter a word about the project. We are bound by contract.\" However, the actress informed that she was enjoying every bit of her stay in the city. \"I keep coming to Kolkata to meet my relatives. Aamar mamar bari ekhane . Shooting in Kolkata has been good so far. Besides, I am also in the middle of writing a novel and I am taking time out to write in between my shooting schedules,\" informed Sushmita. Though tight-lipped about the Holly venture, the actress seemed quite happy talking about her forthcoming Bollywood movies. \"There are quite a few projects lined up. Up next is Alex Hindustani, which is directed by my husband, Raja Bundela. The film releases in January, next year. Then there is Rabba Main Kya Karoon with Paresh Rawal and Ikkis Topon Ki Salami , which also stars Naseeruddin Shah ,\" she added. Jaya Biswas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264463", "title": "Tollywood mourns Bal Thackeray\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "As Bal Thackeray died at his residence in Mumbai on Saturday, grief and shock gripped the nation. Thackeray, 86, had been suffering from respiratory problems and pancreatic disease and suffered a cardiac arrest. Even Tollywood fraternity mourned the death of Bal Thackeray hailing him as one of the best leaders. As condolences poured after the demise of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray, film directors and actors, several others were paying tributes to the 86-year-old leader on their micro blogging site.Meher Ramesh - Rest in Peace ..\"Balthakrey Saab\" aka Sarkaar.Manchu Vishnu - A Lion died today.BVS Ravi - #Balasaheb an icon that India remembers for ever. A leader with grit.Harish Shankar - A True Sarkar.... RIP Bala Saheb thakeryPriya Mani - R.I.P Mr Bal Thackeray!!!!Ram Gopal Varma - can't evr forget the hug the real Sarkar gave me when he saw reel Sarkar...Bala saab was a true epitome of power in every sense of the wordJiiva - With deepest sympathies on the demise of a great leader... RIP Bal Thackeray Saab... JiivaRanganathan Madhavan - Rip BalaSaheb Bal Thackeray.The mighty Tiger bids farewell.Khushbu - Grew up in mumbai n have heard great stories about Bal Thackrey saheb..Mumbai will never be the same without Thacrey saheb #RIP Balasaheb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17260396", "title": "No fresh date in sight for Congress conclave", "text": "AKOLA: There seems to be no fixed date in sight to hold the divisional Congress conclave which was abruptly cancelled said to be due to the deteriorating health of Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray , who passed away on Saturday afternoon. The conclave was scheduled to be held at Akola on Saturday for which hectic preparations were under way.November 26 is the next tentative date for holding the conclave but it may not be feasible as gram panchayat polls would be conducted on that day in west Vidarbha, said city Congress chief Madan Bhargad. The Congress party had booked 465 state transport buses to bring its workers and followers from Washim, Akola, Buldhana, Amravati and Yavatmal districts on Saturday. The Congress had paid Rs one crore to MSRTC and over 50,000 persons were expected to attend the conclave at Akola Cricket Club ground. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan was to be felicitated on completion of two years in office.Lakhs of rupees were spent on erection of shamiyana while several rest houses and circuit houses were booked for accommodating the VIPs. Though huge money was spent, there seemed to be no coordination among the party leaders. Many Congress leaders did not even know about the cancellation of the conclave on Thursday. The conclave was seen as a show of strength at Akola from where Congress candidate was not elected. In fact, the strength of BRP-BMS leader Prakash Ambedkar has increased in the last 15 years.There was a surprise when Akola was selected for holding the conclave. The party lost this citadel 20 years ago. However, it had nominated Burntard Muller to the assembly from Anglo-Indian quota.The announcement of no load shedding in the state by December end at the Akola conclave was expected to be made with an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. Cancellation of the conclave has disappointed the Congress workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17261045", "title": "Action council on conciliatory path Pachalam railway over bridge", "text": "KOCHI: The Pachalam railway over bridge action council is planning to hold discussions with all those opposing it. As an initial step, the council will prepare a slide show highlighting the need for the over bridge.The council will interact with the Kerala Latin Catholic Association (KLCA), the Anglo Indian Association, the Retired Pensioners Association and the Mamangalam Goshree Samithi, which are against the construction of the ROB.\"We believe that those opposing the over bridge will support it if they are made aware of its benefits,\" said K G Panicker, the chief patron of the action council, who is also the general secretary of the Ernakulam residents associations' apex council.The Pachalam ROB was announced in 2010 along with Ponnurunni and Atlantis railway over bridges. While the construction of the Ponnurunni ROB has almost been completed, the government has sanctioned more funds for the Atlantis ROB.The action council said as per the information they had received through the Right to Information Act, the local body was not very keen on finding a solution to the issue.They also alleged that the corporation had not taken any steps to construct the over bridge. The action council is now planning to approach senior government officials to seek their support for the construction of the bridge. Advocates of the ROB said that on an average 162 train services operated on this route daily and hence an over bridge was a necessity.The construction work of the Ponnurunni ROB has almost been completed and the government has sanctioned more funds for the Atlantis ROB", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17262662", "title": "POs, most-wanted criminals roaming free", "text": "ROHTAK: Criminals and proclaimed offenders have remained a big headache for Haryana police. These men and women indulge in anti-social activity thus disturbing law and order in the state.According to figures revealed by Haryana police, around 266 most-wanted criminals and 4,484 proclaimed offenders, most of them hardcore gangsters, are roaming free and are indulging in criminal activities elsewhere.Kulveer Singh, who is accused of double murder in Bhiwani's Bond Kalan village, had spread a rein of terror in around 10 villages of Bhiwani district in the past five years. Cops said he was convicted in a murder case in 2002 and two years later, was released on parole. He never returned after completion of the parole period and was declared a proclaimed offender. Seven cases including attempt to murder and under Arms Act were registered against him, prior to the double murder case on Wednesday night.Additional director general of police (state crime records bureau) Layak Ram Dabas told TOI that most-wanted criminals and proclaimed offenders are a challenge for the police since they are \"criminals at heart\". Dabas said that cops had launched a special drive to nab them and every district police had a dedicated PO staff led by an inspector-rank officer.Dabas said that there are around 100 convicts who had jumped parole and around 1,600 others who were declared POs by courts this year. The total figure of around 4,400 in the state continues to fluctuate every month. Haryana police had recently amended rules of granting parole to convicts after finding out that a large number of convicts jumped parole and indulged in new crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17258575", "title": "I hope this bad dream will end someday: Pinki Pramanik", "text": "Athlete Pinki Pramanik has been in the news for all the wrong reasons of late. After being accused of rape by her live-in girlfriend, she's again in a fix now, with Police having filed a fresh chargesheet against the Asian Games gold medallist and terming her as a male and capable of committing rape. This charge-sheet has apparently been filed based on a DNA report by the Central Forensic Laboratory, Hyderabad. After myriad attempts, NT caught up with a very distraught Pinki.I don't want to live!Sounding really depressed, Pinki says: \"I really feel that I'm seeing a bad dream with open eyes. I hope this bad dream will end someday because I have lost the will to live! Hope there's a God up there, who is listening to my pleas! I'm going crazy with police hounding me day and night!\"Insensitive behaviour!Pinki accepts that she has a major hormonal problem but refuses to accept the charge of being a male: \"It's easy for these insensitive people to undo all my achievements in a moment when it took me years to earn that fame, and I am still being made to pay the price for that! But, I have faith in the Indian judiciary and I'm sure I will get justice. I'm also going to meet Mamata Banerjee soon. Let's see if I get some respite. I hope Durga maa gives me strength to fight this out because right now I don't know what's happening and I feel like giving it all up!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17261953", "title": "Govt influencing police inquiry, says Tripura Cong", "text": "AGARTALA: The Congress in Tripura has accused the state's Left Front government of influencing police in the investigation of crimes.Making this allegation, senior Pradesh Congress leader Tapas De on Saturday said two recent incidents involving CPI-M MLA Shankar Prasad Datta and Tapan Das have proved that police was not functioning as per norms and are protecting the criminals.\"Tapan Das, an MLA from Nalchar in West Tripura, is suspected of pulling the trigger of the revolver of his personal guard injuring his sister in-law three days ago and the matter was neither reported to police by the MLA nor by doctors in the local hospital,\" alleged De.The victim, Arati Das (65), was critically injured when a bullet from the service revolver of the MLA's personal guard, who happens to be her son-in-law, hit her on November 14. Initially, she was shifted to a local hospital but the doctors referred her to Agartala Government Medical College without reporting the matter to the police.However, Das, who was the prime accused in the case of opening fire on Arati, shifted her to a private hospital in Agartala that is being run by a group of CPI-M leaders. The statement of the victim hasn't been recorded yet, alleged De.On the other hand, MLA Shankar Prasad Datta, on November 12, allegedly took away two anti-socials from Agartala police station and abused the OC and also threatened him. But police didn't take any action against Datta.De said a 6-member Congress delegation met IG (Law and Order) Rajiv Singh seeking legal action against Datta and Das on Friday.The CPM is trying to cover up Tapan Das's incident stating that it is an accident, alleged De. He added that the party would go for a mass movement for such irregularities. The Tripura Pradesh Congress has called an emergency meeting on Sunday.Police said constable Shyamal Das has been suspended and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260484", "title": "Ponty Chadha killed in shootout with brother", "text": "NEW DELHI: His life was like a script from a Bollywood thriller. And it also ended like one. Liquor baron, real estate magnate and owner of Wave multiplexes, Gurdeep Singh Chadha, better known as Ponty Chadha, died in a hail of bullets at the hands of his own brother Hardeep at his swank and sprawling south Delhi farmhouse on Saturday afternoon.Hardeep was also killed in the sensational gunfight at Chhatarpur involving a posse of PSOs, guards and supporters who were armed with sophisticated weaponry, including 9mm pistols and even an AK-47 rifle.The two brothers were embroiled in a bitter property dispute over the Wave empire \u00e2\u20ac\u201d estimated at anywhere between Rs 6,000 crore and Rs 20,000 crore \u00e2\u20ac\u201d since the death of their father, Kulwant Singh Chadha last year. Highly-placed sources said that Hardeep had phoned a media baron in Punjab earlier in the morning and told him that \"he was going to finally settle the dispute with Ponty today\".Cops claimed that both sides had \"planned in advance to settle scores.'' The shootout lasted for over half-an-hour from 11.55am to 12.28pm.The brothers lived at 21 Central Lane DLF Farms, but came to another farm nearby this morning with their band of armed supporters. \"Ponty came to farm No 42 with about 30-40 men in Land Cruisers, Mercedes and a Tata 407 tempo. He wanted to take possession of the farm house and lock the rooms being used by his brother. Hardeep arrived on the scene after being informed of this by his guards. He argued with Ponty for a few minutes and then fired the first bullet,\" said a senior police officer, adding the facts were still being verified. Hardeep was gunned down by a personal security officer accompanying Ponty.The killing of Ponty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was known for his fondness for Armani suits \u00e2\u20ac\u201d brought down the curtains on a life that sounds like a Harold Robbins novel, only more incredible.The 55-year-old businessman, who spent his early youth selling snacks with his father at a country liquor shop, went on to preside over a business empire that stretched across Uttar Pradesh, Punjab, Uttarkhand, Haryana and Rajasthan and had politicians from every political hue - Mulayam to Mayawati, Amarinder Singh to Sukhbir Badal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d eating out of his hands.It certainly helped that that he had a finger in every business pie \u00e2\u20ac\u201d liquor retail, real estate, film production and distribution, sugar mills, distilleries, multiplexes, paper mills, soft drinks, poultry, even schools.Ponty Chadha, originally from Moradabad, always kept a low profile. He would quietly visit the UP chief minister at Lucknow at 6am and sign business deals at his farmhouse in Delhi two hours later. He also had street smartness. Income tax raids to his company's offices were futile. It was later discovered that Ponty's men often conducted \"in-house raids\" in the company's various offices and commercial units. A group of auditors and executives would clean up the office computers. The books, as a result, were always clean.The Chadha family, three brothers - Ponty (chairman), Rajinder Singh Chadha (managing director), Hardeep Chadha (executive director) and Ponty's son Manpreet 'Monty' Singh Chadha (joint MD) ran the Wave Inc empire. Ponty, as mentioned in the company website, had \"the supervisory charge of group's businesses and is executive head of all expansion and diversification programmes. With extensive relationships in trade and government, Gurdeep Singh is preceded by his reputation\".A source close to the family says that tension between the two brothers had reached breaking point after Hardeep apparently sold off a paper mill in Bilaspur without informing Ponty and also underquoted the price when questioned later. It did not help that the two brothers were forced to stay together at the same farmhouse at the insistence of their mother.Liquor biz may take a hit, but realty safePonty Chadha's death is unlikely to impact his group's real estate business as badly as his liquor distribution and retail businesses, according to sources.Managing a liquor business is especially difficult as it requires keeping taxmen, police and politicians happy. Besides, as one of the sources put it, most transactions are in cash, for which a company has to manage its own house well. Ponty pulled all of it easily because he knew the liquor business like the back of his hand and was the master of the game.As Ponty quickly made mega bucks, he diversified into real estate and introduced son Monty to the sector. Though new to the field, Monty started independently taking most of the key decisions, a self-reliance that could come in handy now.The group has a land bank worth more than Rs 35,000 crore in form of prime plots in NCR and Mohali and shouldn't have much of a problem in completing ongoing projects. Monty, who dropped out of Welham Boys' School after Class 9, is said to be so upbeat about the real estate venture that he is sure it would grow faster than the group's traditional businesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17262063", "title": "Varsity VC under scanner over \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsecret\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 test", "text": "MALDA: University of Gour Banga (UGB) is in the news again and this time it is a controversy over allowing an undergraduate student to appear in an examination secretly.The move has drawn flak from both the University Council (UC) and students' unions who termed the vice-chancellor's decision \"desperate\" and have decided to inform the matter to education minister Bratya Basu.Sources said that Mou Barman - a third-year Bengali (Hons) student of Malda College - had taken her third-year examinations under UGB, but failed to secure pass marks in the eighth paper. The student was shocked after the results were declared on October 12. She and her father approached the university authorities several times, pleading for a review, but they did not bother.\"It was after several visits to the university that we finally got to know that Mou's paper was misplaced,\" alleged father Premchand Barman.He further said that they had almost lost hope, when a few days back the controller of examination, Sanatan Das, informed them that they would take a retest for Mou on November 16.\"Accordingly Mou appeared for the test today from 2pm to 7pm,\" said her father. Interestingly, the candidate was not given any written instruction regarding it and the test was secretly held in the vice-chancellor Achintya Biswas's office.Sources said Prof Aditya Lala of Bengali department set the question paper and also checked the paper. When contacted, Lala refused to say anything and passed the buck on the controller of examination.However, Das was on leave and Md Saifuddin, who was in charge, maintained reticence about the secret examination. The VC also refused to talk to the media.However, the secret examination has fanned a controversy among students and members of the University Council.\"It is illegal to take the examination of a single candidate. The VC has flouted norms earlier, too, but this time it has exceeded all precedence. Not only did he arrange a special examination for a particular candidate, but kept the people concerned in the dark. Moreover, the question setter and the examiner was the same person. This goes against the spirit of examination. We will approach the chancellor on November 23 on this issue,\" said Dulal Ghosh, a UC member.Students' unions like Chhatra Parishad and SFI also slammed the secret test. \"The VC took such a decision to give advantage to a particular student. It is shameful. We will gherao him on Monday,\" said Prasenjit Das of CP. On the other hand, Abhijit De of SFI alleged that the VC has resorted to \"autocracy\" and they would approach the education minister Bratya Basu, seeking his intervention in the matter.The VC has flouted norms earlier, too,but this time it has exceeded all precedence. Not only did he arrange a special examination for the candidate, but kept the people concerned in the dark. Moreover, the question setter and the examiner was the same personOn campus 'autocracy', A University Council member", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261922", "title": "Paddling gets fancier, easier, dearer", "text": "KANPUR: There is more to a bicycle than being a fuel/pollution-free vehicle bi-product of riding which was good health. As a matter of fact, bicycles manufactured today can give the sleekest of motorcycles a run for their money, for here you have ones with an all carbon body (frame) and those made of 'fibre', weighing just 4 to 5 kg and which can be folded. If you are curious, we will tell you the price. Such bicycles could cost you around Rs 1 lakh each.Such hi-end bicycles were part of the cycle fair organised by UP Cycle Udyog Vyapar Parishad at Moti Jheel ground on Saturday.The fair had on display some other kinds of bicycles too, meant for kids, women and men. The cycles priced from Rs 1,700 to Rs 70,000 remained the highlight of the two-day event. While kids could ride the magic car (a cycle) which operated without a battery, sport bikes were available for biking enthusiasts. For girls too there was a special range and design of cycles were on display.One of the highlights of the fair was the Atlas Ultimate, with an aluminum body, 11 kgs in weight.The bicycle has disk brakes in front and rear tyres and 21 speed gears to give bikers a chance to paddle it uphill easily. This racing cycle has been rolled out by the company in different attractive colours with alloy wheels in both tyres. The unique bicycle is priced at Rs 19,000. Similar model of the Atlas Ultimate cycle without alloy wheels was also available at the with a Rs-15,000 price tag.The star attraction of the cycle fair is the Rs 70,000-cycle named 'Upland' to be put up on display on the second day on Sunday. The all carbon-fibre body cycle has a unique feature. Since it's made of fibre, the cycle will not break even if it falls. Upland has two disk brakes and alloy wheels.Indrajeet Sarna, the biggest dealer for Atlas cycles in the city told TOI that 'Upland' would be on display on Sunday and added that this bicycle would be a crowd puller on the last day of the fair. He said that the MRP of Upland is Rs 65,000 and is available for purchase in the city.Another cycle which caught the fancy of the visitors was the one with just one brake installed on the handle. Named 'Cruiser Bike', this bicycle had an elongated handle making it a stylish bike, priced at Rs 4,800, the Cruiser Bike has first brake installed on the handle and rear brake is placed in the hub.Talking to TOI, US Sodhi, Vice President (Sales and Marketing), Safari Bikes (which is manufacturing Hi-Bird series of cycles) said, \"The uniqueness of Cruiser Bike is that it slows down and stops when the cycle rider moves the paddle in the reverse direction. The first brake is in on its handle. The bicycle has a comfortable seat and has been launched in the country recently.\"Sodhi also added the company had been manufacturing the famous Mountain Gear bicycles in the country and exporting the same to Europe. He said there were 12 different models out of which the newest one was the cycle whose seat and front tyre could be removed completely.\"This can be done by loosening the clamps with which the seat and the front tyre are attached to the bicycle. The bike is styled as per the system in Europe where people remove the seat and the tyre and carry them into their apartments instead of ferrying the entire bicycle,\" said a senior official of the Ludhiana-based cycle manufacturing company, adding that these bicycles cost between Rs 3,500 and Rs 6,600 in the Indian market. Sodhi concluded saying his company had been manufacturing cycles with alloy wheels, disk brakes and hydraulic shockers.Another renowned cycle manufacturing company Hercules has put on display a 21-speed Shmino gear bicycle named A-100 on display. Unlike other cycles, A-100 also had two disk brakes, alloy rims and all aluminum body with dual shockers. The sports bike had been priced at Rs 13,700. Naveen Pareek, an official of the company told TOI that for the hi-end bicycles, the company had set up a helpline number where call centre executives attend calls and register complaints. He said it was through the service provided by the customer care centre, that cycle parts that need replacement are changed. The company official also claimed that Hercules was the only company to offer insurance service on the Hi-end bicycles sold by it. In case of theft or the accident, the benefits of insurance are passed to the customer.\"A Rs 65,000 cost bicycle named 'Montra' would be on display during the fair on Sunday. Montra is an all carbon bike weighing 4.5kg,\" added Pareek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262893", "title": "Chhath puja begins", "text": "INDORE: The festive season is not over yet. After the Diwali bang, its Chhath festival celebration time now. The four-day festival started Saturday with hundreds including married women thronging water bodies for a ritual bath.The festival is mainly celebrated in Bihar, Jharkhand and eastern UP. Over the years, there has been a phenomenal rise in its popularity in the city as well. Around two lakh people are expected to participate in the puja to be performed at around 50 places in the city including Vijay Nagar, Bapat, scheme no. 78 and 54, Banganga, Kalani Nagar, Malviya Nagar, Rajendra Nagar and Pithampur. The places have been decked up to make most of the festivities.The festival starts on the sixth day after Diwali. On the first day people take pledge to follow the rituals honestly. On Kharna, the second day, people observing fast prepare their own food. \"Chhath Puja is performed to thank Lord Surya (the sun god) for sustaining life on earth and to request granting of people's wishes,\" said president of Purvottar Social Association, Jagdish Singh.\"Worshipping sun god promotes prosperity,\" said Ruby Tewari who too will be fasting during the festival.\"We do not purchase new clothes on Diwali. Rather we buy them for Chhath,\" said Rama Singh. \"We celebrate Chhath in a manner grander than Diwali,\" said Khushboo Singh, a homemaker. \"Rituals like fasting and Vratta (abstaining from drinking water) and standing in water for long are followed rigorously,\" she said.Roshini Mishra another homemaker said, \"Married women also sing folklores and hymns together. On Kharna evening, Kheer is prepared with gud (jaggery) and rice along with chapati.\" The day culminates with the ritual of Suryashashthi.\"In families where women are sick and not in a position to keep fast, men observe fast and perform the rituals thanking the sun god for his blessings,\" said Prassan Thakur who works with a private bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264294", "title": "Tamanaah\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dreams", "text": "Tamanaah, who rose to fame with many hits and super hits in the Tamil film industry after making her debut with Kedi, now wants to work with the icons of the industry, Kamal Haasan and Rajinikanth . Tamanaah has already worked with some of the leading actors in the industry including Suriya, Vijay and Karthi. The actress then packed her bags off to Bollywood for her Bollywood film Himmatwala. Tamanaah is also one of the most sought-after actresses in Tollywood. The latest we hear is that the actress wants to make a strong comeback in Kollywood", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261956", "title": "Graft charges against excise officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Saturday framed charges of corruption and criminal conspiracy against suspended central excise commissioner Anup Kumar Srivastava and four others for their alleged involvement in a corruption case.Special CBI Judge Talwant Singh framed charges of criminal conspiracy, misuse of official position and receipt of bribe by Srivastava and four others under various provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and the IPC.The court put the five on trial and decided to begin recording statements of prosecution witnesses from December 5. Besides Srivastava, central excise superintendent Lallan Ojha and alleged middleman Hemant Gandhi stand accused of taking hefty bribe from two accused businessmen Dilip Agarwal and Anand Agarwal for not taking any action against them in an excise evasion case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267005", "title": "Sean Connery declined Gandalf's role in LOTR", "text": "Sean Connery was offered the part of Gandalf in the 'Lord of the Rings' but he turned down the offer, it has been revealed.As a further incentive he was given the chance to snap up a large slice of the box office profits for the saga , which has so far earned 2 billion pounds.Connery, who gave up the role to Sir Ian McKellen , backed out because he did not understand the part.Brian Warner of Celebritynetworth.com has said that the Scot had missed out on a fortune.\"Even a veteran star like Sean can make a mistake so big that it ultimately causes him to lose out on a mind-blowing amount of money,\" the Daily Star quoted him as saying.\"In order to convince Connery to sign on to the film the producers pulled out all the stops.\"In addition to a 6 million dollars per film salary, they offered Connery 15 percent of the box office profits for all three movies,\" he said.Connery, who has never revealed what he was offered for the role, later said: \"Yeah, well, I never understood it. I read the book. I read the script. I saw the movie. I still don't understand it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17263089", "title": "Electronic goods worth Rs 6 lakh seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Acting on a tip-off, the intelligence wing of sales tax department on Friday late night seized electronic goods worth Rs 6 lakh from railway station parcel office at Thampanoor.According to sales tax officials, the electronic goods that did not have any proper documents of tax payment, parcel receiver or sender was brought in the Netravati Express (Train No.16345). \"The goods were being taken away from the parcel office in a mini-truck when we seized them.We seized the goods late night and as per rules, parcel can be cleared from the office between 7am. and 5 pm only. We doubt parcel officers, porters and railway authorities have a role in this, otherwise the goods could not have been loaded, transported and off-loaded and given clearance,\" said a source from the intelligence wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262854", "title": "Hyderabad embraces the Muharram saga", "text": "The first day of Muharram marks the beginning of the Hjiri year. Unlike the revelry associated with such momentous occasions in other cultures, for a majority of Muslims the year commences on a somber note as the sighting of the first new moon of the year ushers in a period of mourning in remembrance of the martyrs of Karbala.Refusing to owe allegiance to the tyrannical despot Yazid who had usurped the Caliphate, Imam Hussain along with his family and a few dedicated followers decided to move out of Medina. Accepting an invitation from the people of Kufa (in Iraq) to make the city their home, the group set up camp en route at Karbala on the banks of river Euphrates on the 2nd of Muharram 61 Hijri (680 CE). They were however evicted from their position by Yazid's pursuing troops and deprived of access to water. The final showdown commenced early on the morning of 'Ashura' (10th day of Muharram) and by nightfall the tragedy was complete with Imam Hussain and his followers ruthlessly massacred. The recounting of this epic battle where a handful of righteous individuals defended the faith against overwhelming odds, fully aware of the outcome yet refusing to succumb to oppression at all costs, is the focus of memorial meets which ensure that this supreme sacrifice is never forgotten.Elegies of the tragedy of Karbala found a ready audience in medieval Deccan where the masses could relate to the poignant tale of torment faced by the Prophet's descendents. With time Hyderabad, as in most parts of the Deccan, the somber rituals and practices of Muharram mourning were transformed into a ten-day long pageant of shared grief in which the masses participated with fervor. 'Alams', or standards representing the martyrs, are installed in the 'Ashoorkhana' (house of mourning) on sighting of the moon and remain till the 10th when they are carried away to be laid to rest till the next year, the mourning period though ends only 40 days later at 'Arbain'. The devout dress in black, signifying mourning and the masses refrain from any sort of celebration during the period. It is also a custom for children to don green clothes and become 'Fakirs' on the 7th day of Muharram. This dress code was adopted by all Hydeabadi's irrespective of religious affiliations and most Old City residents still follow the tradition scrupulously. It was customary to illuminate houses of mourning, both public and private, by placing lamps in specially designed niches along the walls. Although many nobles illuminated their own mansions with lamps housed in makeshift bamboo structures, the 'tatti ki roshni' is said to have been most impressive at the Malwala Palace of Raja Shyam Raj Bahadur.Of the major 'alawas'(places where a fire lit in a pit is the focal point around which people congregate to recite elegies and lament the martyrs), the one at Musheerabad drew the maximum number of visitors on the eve of the 10th of Muharram. After a night passed in devotional rituals, a Hindu goldsmith would walk over the burning coals just before dawn. He would be followed by a horde of devotees-among them women and children, who plunged onto the glowing bed of hot embers without any hesitation. Christopher Armstead, the Mint Master of erstwhile Hyderabad State, has left an engrossing account of how his foolhardy attempt at trying to match native bravado in walking across the fire-pit ended in disaster. Soles scorched, he ended up 'limping around in carpet slippers for days' while the natives showed no signs of distress whatsoever. The poor fellow started believing in a lot of things thereafter, including the unfathomable secrets of devotional strength!As with all Indian festivals, Muharram too has developed a unique cuisine associated with the occasion. Apart from the sherbets (with a base of either milk or water) which are offered to the public, a majority of Hyderabadis turn strictly vegetarian and show a marked preference for 'Roat', a thick pancake made of sweetened dough garnished with condiments roasted on a clay plate which is now also available in a baked variety sold at most city bakeries. Other delicacies which are a standard fare during Muharram include 'Chongey' (flat puris fried in ghee and garnished with powdered sugar), 'Ghodey' (sweet dumplings), 'Butti' (curd rice) and 'Khubuli\" (pulao made of rice and lentils). As the 10th of Muharram was also the day when the Ark made landfall, people generally partake in a meal of 'Khichda' (a pasty concoction of numerous cereals and lentils) in a symbolic re-creation of Noah's pottage prepared using all that was left from his food stocks.One can only hope that the recent developments in Old City will not hinder unrestrained mingling of communities during this period of shared grief which has been so instrumental in fostering communal harmony over the centuries.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262125", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSome problems find immediate solution\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to make sure people in every locality get their concerns addressed, residents of Sector 21 have introduced the concept of lane meeting with the area councillor.Sachin Sharma of Sector 21 and one of the pioneers of the concept said, \"People face many problems on a routine basis, such as sanitation and water. So we thought about organizing interactive sessions with the area councillors. Residents of various localities prepare their agenda in a 'pre-lane meeting' and later discuss the issues in the lane meeting with the councillor. So far two such meetings have been held.\"According to Sector-21 resident Promila Dass, \"The concept provides us with a platform to interact with the councillor. We share the agenda and discuss every relevant issue with the councillor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "17262101", "title": "Cattle in hostel, farmers reap hygiene and profits", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: With their cattle lodged in a hostel, the farmers in Akodara village in Sabarkantha are leading a hygienic life in clean surroundings while the milk production too has gone up. The concept of having hostel accommodation for milch cattle has yielded encouraging results.Union agriculture ministry in a latest document \"Incentivising Agriculture - RKVY Initiatives\" says the hostel has led to hygienic living quarters for cattle providing them 'creature comforts' and thereby increasing yields to make the cattle owners rich.The initiative was taken by the state government in 2008-09 to alleviate the drudgery of women involved in animal care and address the problem of space available for cattle and lack of hygiene besides making better use of animal waste. At that point of time, the village had a cattle population of 1,166 and the average milk production was 574 litres from buffaloes and 583 litres from cows. The animal hostel set up at a cost of Rs 584.62 lakh was primarily funded under Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) with department of animal husbandry, DRDA, GEDA and the local population pitching in. It can accommodate up to 1,000 cattle heads in 36 sheds. The facility has an elevated water storage tank of 1 lakh litres, an underground sump of 80,000 litres and three biogas plants of 255 cubic metres. Fodder cultivation of 3,000 tonnes per annum is also carried out besides production of 1,000 tonnes of vermin compost per annum. A system of bio-metric based animal identification is in place to streamline operations.The animal owners arrange for fodder besides contributing Rs 500 per animal per month to the hostel. In return they do not have to worry about the health of the animals and the society also arranges for artificial insemination. Authorities claim in the first year itself 90 farmers started keeping 600 milch cattle in the hostel and the milk production increased by 20 per cent.The document states, \"It is also expected that the quality of agricultural land will also improve due to non use of chemical fertilizers. Being a pro-women and pro-poor project, it will help in achieving improvement of human development indices.\"The only other state to have introduced the concept of scientific animal housing with positive results is Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "madakasira (anantapur)", "code": "17261462", "title": "'It's time women came to the forefront'", "text": "MADAKASIRA (ANANTAPUR): As Aung San Suu Kyi graciously accepts a rose garland given by Dhanalaxmi, a resident of Papasanapalli village in Anantpur district of AP, she tells her never to give up. Perseverance is in this Myanmar leader's blood. The Nobel Peace Prize winner and chairperson of the National League for Democracy of Myanmar tells STOI her fight to completely free her country from dictatorship is far from over. Excerpts:You're so spirited at 67... where does the strength come from?I'm an optimist. I fight and never give up. I like to be charged up all the time and probably that comes across as being spirited. There is no special effort to be this way. And when I see so many women, the strength comes rather automatically.For someone who has been in house arrest for 15 years, what does freedom mean to you now?The definition of freedom has never changed for me. And probably never will. To be able to speak up and resent what is not right is genuine democracy. That to me means freedom.You're visiting India after several years. What are the changes you see now?India is still India. I wasn't taken shocked when I stepped into this beautiful country early this week. Yes, definitely there's so much more empowerment, so much more happening in India and that's heartening.You have chosen to visit a women's self-help group in a remote village in India. What do you think about women's empowerment in India?When I arrived here this morning, I saw a lot of men gathered to receive me. I wondered where the women were. I found them all at the venue of the event. I'd like to see women in the forefront. I see a lot of economic empowerment in Indian women now. It's time they came to the front and be seen.What do you take back from this visit?Warmth, friendship and this beautiful Buddha (a bronze idol presented to her).I'd like to see women in the forefront. I see a lot of economic empowerment in Indian women now. It's time they came to the front and be seen.US president Barack Obama's much awaited visit to Myanmar has triggered an unusual protocol problem. What will the American president call the country? The controversy started in 1989 when the ruling junta officially changed the English version of the name from Burma to Myanmar. The opposition group continued to use the old name. Since then, there is no uniformity in the country's name. For instance, the US department of State uses Burma (Myanmar), the EU uses Myanmar (Burma), the UN uses Myanmar and the UK uses Burma.Since when was the military ruling the country?Popular leader Aung San spearheaded the negotiations for the country's independence from the British rule. He subsequently became the deputy chairman of the executive council of Burma \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a transition government established by the British for transferring power. But in July 1947, political rivals assassinated Aung San and many other cabinet members. After its independence on January 4, 1948, Burma witnessed democratic rule for a brief period of four years. It ended in 1962 when general Ne Win led a military coup and subsequently ruled for nearly 26 years.What was the 8888 uprising?The Ne Win regime was marked by catastrophic economic policies. On August 8, 1988 a student protest in Yangon was joined by people from almost all sections of Burmese society. The uprising was brutally crushed by security forces. General Saw Maung established the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC) and in 1989, declared martial law in the country. Because of mounting public pressure, the Maung government held free elections in May 1990 in which Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) emerged as a clear winner. Maung annulled the election and put Suu Kyi under house arrest.What is the present situation?In 2010, the junta held general elections which were swept by the military-backed Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) and were widely criticized. The junta did not allow Suu Kyi to participate but released her a week later. Since then, the situation is gradually improving. In 2011, Thein Sein was sworn in as the president. Suu Kyi was allowed to re-register NLD as a political party. She swept the by-elections held this year winning 43 of the 45 seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17260931", "title": "Another U-turn by Parrikar, says Curtorim MLA", "text": "MARGAO: Congress party spokesperson Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco accused chief minister of taking another 'U-turn' on policy matters concerning Goa and Goans, for not having intervened in the denotification of land acquired for parking at Dabolim, despite having spoken against it when he was the leader of the opposition.Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Lourenco accused Parrikar of fooling Goans on Dabolim, and demanded a white paper on Dabolim, which would in turn bring to light that two airports in Goa would not be feasible.The Curtorim MLA alleged that the reason behind Parrikar turning a blind eye to the de-notification of the land (which would have been crucial for the airports' expansion plan) was due to the chief minister sharing a 'cozy relationship' with the real estate developer who now has possession of the land de-notified . \"As a politician, I can understand Parrikar's dilemma; he might desperately need the good company of this particular big businessman, because within a year the 2014 general Lok Sabha elections will be held,\" said Lourenco.He added that the annual operational cost of Dabolim airport is 30 crore, and that the projected operational cost of Mopa airport will be more than 1,000 core each year, and that the burden will cause the increase of the cost of tickets.\"The Amman &amp; Whitney report (infrastructure consultant) states that Mopa will handle 20 million people. The report also says that by 2020, the expansion of the entire Dabolim airport can handle 20 million passengers. The report further adds that by 2020, between 10-12 million passengers would be arriving in Goa by flight,\" said Lourenco.Lourenco further pointed out that the ICAO feasibility study had clearly stated that the dual airport was not the best option for Goa, and that the ministry of civil aviation in consultation with the airport authority of India had already sanctioned 500 crore for the expansion of Dabolim aiport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262062", "title": "Treasure trove from history on display at Lajpat Bhawan", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To commemorate the 84th martyrdom day of Sher-e-Punjab Lala Lajpat Rai, Onkar Chand, chairman, Servants of the People Society, inaugurated an exhibition of Lala Lajpat Rai's books and other memorabilia associated with the martyr at the Dwarka Dass Library in Lajpat Bhawan, Sector 15.Lala Lajpat Rai established the Dwarka Dass Library in Lahore in 1921 by donating his books to the library. The library now has a huge collection of books, with every third book of the around 80,000 volumes being a rare book.The highlights of the exhibition are rare documents of the freedom struggle, reports and publications on the Gadhar movement, court proceedings of the trial of Bhagat Singh, besides books read by Bhagat Singh.Some issues of the newspaper, 'The People' that Lala Lajpat Rai started are also on display. The clothes Lala Lajpat Rai was wearing when he was infamously showered by \"lathi\" blows while leading a protest against the Simon Commission are also on displayed. The exhibition will open to the public from November 17 to 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17261636", "title": "Now, KSRTC bus transport in Mysore becomes 'intelligent'", "text": "MYSORE: Travelling in some KSRTC buses will now be hassle-free, thanks to the launch of India's first Intelligent Transport System (ITS) here on Saturday. The system will facilitate passengers in some 38% bus shelters across the city to know the arrival and departure of buses at their fingertips. Moreover, it will cut down the waiting time of commuters at bus shelters. With the facility in place, people can get all details of movement of buses either by sending an SMS or through the interactive voice response system (IVRS). Deputy CM R Ashoka, who inaugurated the facility, said Mysore is the first city in India to introduce ITS. \"I dedicate the state-of-the-art facility to the passengers here. The city can now boast of this high-class and hi-tech bus service, which matches international standards,\" he added. \"When I became transport minister, I took it as challenge to transform the transport facility in Karnataka. My college friends who have studied and settled abroad had teased me about the transport system here, by comparing it to the ones in foreign countries. But today, I can proudly say that I have achieved a milestone,\" Ashoka, who also holds transport portfolio, said. The initiative is expected to address problems being faced by bus commuters -- like delay in the arrival of vehicles to bus stops and lack of information about the subsequent stops. Saying that he will try his best to start city bus transport services in all districts, Ashoka stated that KSRTC has been making profit for the past four years. Claiming that central government is delaying in giving permission to run buses using alternative fuel, Ashoka said it maybe due the pressure by international oil companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262952", "title": "Project launched to find new treatment for chest diseases", "text": "JAIPUR: The Indian Chest Society launched 'interstitial lung disease (ILD) India Registry' in the country from Jaipur on Saturday with coordination of four international organizations.With new cases of ILD being diagnosed in the country, the project has been launched with an aim to find out new treatment options. Experts involved in the project would also evaluate pattern and natural course of the disease in India and they would also indentify associated causative factors through ILD registry.The ILD registry would contain complete information of the patient, including his family history, environment and culture as only few causes of the disease is known yet. The project launched from Jaipur's Sawai Man Singh medical college and hospital on Saturday. SMS hospital superintendent and allergy and pulmonary medicine professor Dr Virendra Singh has been appointed as the national coordinator of the ILD India registry by Indian Chest Society. \"The initiative has been taken to collect epidemiological data of ILD patients. But, most importantly, we need to understand natural course of disease in the country and for that ILD registry will play an important role,\" Dr Singh said.He said, \"ILD was a rare disease in India before CT scan was used extensively. Now, with the help of CT scan, more cases of ILD are being detected. So, there was a need for such a programme in the country which would help us know more about the disease. There are several stages of the disease. Critical patients need frequent oxygen supply.\"Four international organizations -American Thoracic Society, the European Respiratory Society, the Japanese Respiratory Society, and the Latin American Thoracic Association formed a group and they jointly started study and research on ILD in the entire world, and now, India has been taken up as the next country.Group's chairman Dr Ganesh Raghu, was in the city on the occasion of the launch of the ILD in India. Dr Raghu said, \"The ILD India Registry is first of its kind in the world. Not even in America and Europe such programme has not been launched yet.\"Leading chest physicians of the country have decided to take part in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17261703", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAgricultural imbalances should be removed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "VARANASI: The three-day 72nd annual conference of the Indian Society of Agricultural Economics organised by the department of Agricultural Economics, Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, began at Swatantrata Bhawan on Saturday.Addressing the inaugural function, member, Planning Commission, Government of India, Dr Narendra Jhadhav focused on the current status of XIIth Five Year Plan emphasizing especially on agriculture. He said the share of agriculture in GDP is only 14% but majority of the population relies on farming for their livelihood.The Central government is targeting growth rate of 8.2% which can only be attained by reform processes initiated by the government. When the reform is implemented half heartedly, the growth rate can not be more than 6-6.5% and in the worst scenario, it could go below 5%.He said, \"the growth rate of agriculture was 2.2%, 2.4%, 3.3% in IX, X, and XI Five Year Plan respectively. The targeted growth rate for agriculture is 4% in the XII Five Year Plan.\" He also spoke about the challenges before the Planning Commission in achieving these targets. The challenges are climatic challenges, state-wise performance, net fixed capital stock in agriculture, agricultural employment shrinking land base, and volatility in international market. He added that regional imbalances should be removed or minimized.Speaking on the occasion, former vice-chancellor of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, Prof C Ramasamy focused on the research works that will come out with some policy recommendations. He said more collaborative projects should be conducted for policy formulations. Investment in agricultural research accounts for 6% of GDP in which social science gets only 1%. The investment in agricultural research should be enhanced, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262621", "title": "My win gives Hindus in the US more confidence", "text": "Diwali celebrations this year were especially sweet for Democratic state representative Tulsi Gabbard , 31, who became the first practicing Hindu to be elected to the US House of Representatives last week. Tulsi, who is of American Samoan descent from Hawaii, enlisted in the US army, and was deployed twice to the Middle East. She tells Vrushali Haldipur that religion to her is not about labels, but about spiritualityHow does a nice all-American girl end up choosing karma yoga over apple pie?Fortunately, American karma yogis like myself don't need to give up our apple pie! When I was two, we moved to Hawaii from American Samoa . My parents were vegetarians, so I grew up eating lots of mangoes, bananas, coconuts, fresh vegetables, and spending a lot of time in the ocean with my four siblings. I was very shy and introverted. I even made my younger sister Vrindavan go with me to the grocery store to talk to the cashier because I was too shy!My father was a Catholic who had gone to the seminary to become a priest, but quit when he decided he wanted to get married. By the time I was born, he wasn't very active in the church and, along with my mom, practiced mantra meditation. (Later on, dad started going to church every Sunday again, but still does mantra meditation.) We had the Bhagvad Gita and the Bible in the house. Because I was raised in a multi-faith family, I was forced to go deeper than just religious labels.I spent time in my youth studying both the Gita and the teachings of Christ in the New Testament. I never felt I had to choose one over the other. Instead, I searched for the essence of these great scriptures. I gradually came to appreciate that God is my best friend. I directly experienced that I was only truly happy when I was using my life working for the well-being of other people. So religion, to me, is not about labels, it's about spirituality. It's about living out my personal relationship with God through meditation and prayer (bhakti yoga) and using my time and energy trying to be of service to others (karma yoga).Religion has been a divisive issue in the 2012 US elections. Prejudices about minority religions continue to exist, especially for public officials. But you have been open about your faith. Did you expect any backlash?Unfortunately, there are still some politicians in America who try to inflame people's prejudices in order to satisfy their ambitions. This makes me very sad. When I was serving in the war zones in the Middle East, I saw first-hand the destruction and suffering that religious bigotry can lead to.This is why I'm so proud and happy that the people of Hawaii are not only sending me to Washington, they also elected the country's first Buddhist to the US Senate ( Mazie Hirono ). Only around 10% of Hawaii's population are Hindus or Buddhists. This is a testament to Hawaii's \"aloha spirit\"- heartfelt respect and love for all people.Do you think your win may be indicative of the changing make-up of US society?Yes. And I know that my election has brought about a greater sense of confidence and optimism amongst our young Hindus and their parents. I recently met a teenage girl who told me that she'd always been embarrassed about being a Hindu-especially amongst her non-Hindu friends. But after learning about me, she feels she can confidently pursue whatever goals she wants to without feeling she has to hide her religion.How has your army service shaped your political career?My experiences in the armed services increased my desire to be of service to the people. It also helped me realize that what America-and indeed the world-needs, is mutual respect and understanding for one another. I and my fellow men and women in uniform were of all different races, religions, political parties, etc., but our differences never got in the way of our being able to work harmoniously as a team. It is this aloha spirit that we need in Congress.You have also chosen to tackle a controversial issue -visa restrictions. What kind of reforms do you plan to take action on?The US and India have much in common, and I believe it is in the interest of both countries to seize opportunities to continuously invest in strengthening this relationship. What better way to get to know each other than by relaxing the tourist visa requirements for Indians. I will also support increasing the number of H1-B visas.Any plans to visit India?Yes, and I'm eagerly looking forward to it. Also, on behalf of the people of Hawaii, we warmly welcome all of our Indian friends to visit our beautiful island state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262275", "title": "Across the world, end to end", "text": "Take a walk down Jyoti Nivas College Road in 5th Block, Koramangala , on a Friday or Saturday night and you may find yourself in foodie paradise. Stretching down this quiet, one-way road, which is mercifully free of traffic on even the busiest nights, are a bewildering array of restaurants that cater to every taste and every budget.From Lebanese and Mexican to Persian, Tibetan, Mediterannean, Chettinad and Lucknowi to those that offer more mundane choices like the holy troika of Chinese-Punjabi-Continental , this unofficial 'food street' of Koramangala hosts what is possibly the densest collection of eateries within a limited space anywhere in Bangalore - and we are talking about sitdown eateries, not roadside dhabas or food carts. There are more than 50 restaurants on this street already, and new ones are making a beeline for it almost every week, drawn by the buzz this place is attracting.\"My friends and I used to call it the food street even when we were in college in the late 1990s,\" says restaurant consultant Avinandan Banerjee of Syra Partners. \"Of course, back then there were around 15 eateries, and Lazeez, which serves Calcutta biriyani and is probably among the oldest places here, was my favourite . Of course, today the number is closer to 50,\" adds Banerjee.While all of cosmopolitan Koramangala is a haven for new eateries and several other locations within this area - such as 5th Cross in KHB Block - are also considered prime restaurant zones, the numbers as well as variety are on the side of Jyoti Nivas College Road. \"The street has a really great vibe, and has been increasing in popularity over the past two years,\" says Sudhir Sastry, partner, Chianti, an Italian restaurant which opened in May and is among the fine-dining eateries here. Thanks to the fact that this street has earned the reputation of being a serious foodie haunt, Chianti sees a fair number of drop-in customers , Sastry believes.While fast-food joints and quick-service restaurants (QSR) have dominated the foodscape of this area so far, more and more fine-dining places are discovering it, following in the footsteps of eateries like Mainland China , Anjappar's , Sufi, Sultans of Spice, Kobe Sizzlers, Hunan, Veekes and Thomas, Oyster Bay and Chianti. In fact, reports say California Pizza Kitchen will soon open doors here.Among the QSRs, apart from the now iconic Lazeez and Lucknow's Tunday Kababi, eateries like Golmaal Paratha, Meghna Biriyani, Momo Hut, Mani's Dum Biriyani, Jumbo King vada pao, Chung Wah and Bangalore's ubiquitous favourites, Empire, do great business. The street has a fair smattering of ice-cream and gelato parlours , like Cream &amp; Fudge Factory, and cafes like Costa Coffee and Qwiky's .Rudra P, a student who lives in Koramangala, says: \"Whether I can only afford a 100-rupee meal when the pocket-money is running low, or I'm flush with funds and can order a great dinner , there are literally hajaar choices.\" Indeed.For every tasteNo matter what kind of food you're looking for, how much money you want to spend and what kind of time you have in hand, this street caters to every food taste. The fact that it has only one-way traffic works in pedestrians' favour, as traffic isn't very heavy and people can take a stroll down looking at their choices.-Avinandan Banerjee | Restaurant consultant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17261876", "title": "Arunachal battles last-minute hurdles to create new dist", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government on Saturday clarified that the creation of Lower Siang district is being delayed due to delay in finalization of the jurisdiction of the proposed new district as well as its headquarters.\"Despite several public hearings, consultations and review meetings, a decision with regard to the jurisdiction of Lower Siang district and its headquarters has not arrived yet. The state government is committed to giving the green light to formation of the new district once there is a permanent solution to the hurdles,\" a statement issued from the chief minister office said.The statement came in response to Friday's dharna staged by Galo Students' Union here in protest against non-fulfillment of various demands. Regarding another demand for upgrading the District Hospital at Aalo in West Siang district, the statement said there are proposals for upgrading the district hospitals at Aalo, Bomdila and Namsai to general hospitals.\"The Directorate of Health Services has initiated a proposal and invited the HSCC Company fromNew Delhi for survey of the said hospitals. The surveys were completed last year and the matter is being initiated officially,\" the statement said.The state government under the RTE Act 2009 has approved 30 schemes for development of school infrastructure in West Siang district during 2010-11 under Special Plan Assistance (SPA) as one time grant and also proposed to construct one RTE office in the district under SPA and accordingly an amount of Rs 508 lakh, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261148", "title": "Haryana pavilion thrust on skill development", "text": "NEW DELHI: To keep pace with development, there is need to enhance skill development both at the national and the state level, P K Chaudhery, chief secretary of Haryana, said at a press conference in New Delhi on Saturday.He said it was not without reason that the thrust of the Haryana pavilion was \"Skilling Haryana\" in tune with the theme of the India International Trade Fair, \"Skilling India\".Talking to journalists about the participation of Haryana in the India International Trade Fair 2012, Chaudhery said that to keep pace with the development, there was need to enhance skill development. In view of the fact that the state's growth rate is more than the national growth rate, the motive of the state government is to excel in the field of skill development as well.Chaudhery said that the state government has made tremendous efforts in the sphere of skill development. The number of technical institutions in the state has gone up from 160 to 641 and intake of students has increased from 28,445 to 1,42,226 during the past seven years. Besides this, a number of national institutes have also been established in the state. The state government is making efforts to see that the benefits of skill development reach all the corners of the state.Chaudhery said that he has visited the Haryana pavilion today and was satisfied with the excellent ideas on skill development, well displayed in the pavilion. He asked mediapersons to visit the pavilion and see for themselves the opportunities available for skill development in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17262849", "title": "No water for paddy crop from Sagar", "text": "GUNTUR: The state government on Saturday announced that no water would be released for the wet crops during rabi season. Water will be given only for irrigated dry (ID) crops in four spells. Farmers under Sagar ayacut would be losing yet another crop year as the government did not release water for paddy even during the last season.Nearly 14 lakh acres were being cultivated under Sagar right canal ayacut in Guntur and Prakasam districts.Guntur district collector S Suresh Kumar said that water would be released for ID crops under Sagar right canal ayacut from November 19. He said water would be given in four spells and four tmc of water would be released in each spell. \"Water would be given on 19th of every month over next four months. Farmers are requested to go only for ID crops and not paddy,\" Suresh Kumar urged. He said that they have to manage both irrigation and drinking water within the 16 tmc of water to be released from Sagar project. He said the water that was being released in the first spell would be dedicated to fill the summer storage tanks in Chilakaluripet, Vinukonda municipalities and farmers could utilise the water for crops from second spell releases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260994", "title": "Bags' purchase in OFI under CBI scanner", "text": "BHOPAL: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Bhopal , has registered a case to probe an alleged corruption in procurement of rubberised bags by the Ordnance Factory, Itarsi (OFI) authorities.Five OFI officers, including the then general manager are under scanner in the case.In 2007-2008, the OFI had allegedly procured sub-standard quality rubberised bags worth nearly Rs 2 crore from a Nagpur-based company, said sources.CBI's Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB), Bhopal, has taken over the case for investigation. When contacted, officers concerned refused to comment on the issue.More cases of corruption were reported from the OFI during the tenure of one senior officer in the same period.In one of the case reported in the performance audit report (2010-11) of ordnance factories, auditors had pointed out that the OFI allegedly gave an undue benefit to an Indore-based private firm while procuring 1558 tonne oleum (required at OFI to manufacture nitro-glycerine, nitrocellulose and nitroguinadine).The then officers allegedly benefited the firm by acceding to their request for acceptance of price variation clause, excise duty component and increased freight charges after opening tender and placement of order.The OFI issued a limited tender enquiry in December 2007 to eight firms for procurement of oleum.A board of enquiry was appointed to look into if there was a gross violation of the system of documentation in general manager's office as was found out. The officer concerned had not maintained any record of the receipt/dispatch of the fax quotation in the instant case, the audit report pointed out.The auditors reportedly found out that the entire pre and post-contract activities showed an inclination to favour a single vendor. The matter was referred to the Ministry of Defence for further action, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17259778", "title": "IPS probationers visit Bodh Gaya, gurdwara", "text": "PATNA: As part of 'Bharat Darshan', 21 Indian Police Service (IPS) probationers were in the state on a two-day visit beginning Thursday.The newly-recruited officers, including three women, started their tour of eastern India from Bihar. They visited Bodh Gaya on Thursday. On Friday, they met Bihar DGP Abhayanand in the morning.\"They were given inputs on how Bihar police operate in different situations. Priorities of the state police as well as some recent successful investigations were also discussed during the meeting,\" a senior police officer said.The IPS probationers later visited Gandhi Ghat and the gurdwara in Patna City. In the evening, they left for Bagdogra in West Bengal.All-India service probationers are sent on Bharat Darshan every year. \"The tour comprises sightseeing and field visits to facilitate a better understanding of the country,\" the senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17262166", "title": "Verka SHO suspended for 10-year-old boy's death", "text": "AMRITSAR: SHO of Verka police station was suspended on Saturday and a departmental inquiry was initiated against him to find any lapses in the police investigation into the death of 10-year-old boy Gurkirat Singh alias Gora, whose body was found in a garbage dump on Friday. Gora had gone missing on November 7.While confirming the suspension of Tarlok Singh, SHO, Verka, police commissioner Ram Singh informed TOI that the probe was still in progress .Meanwhile, Gora's body was cremated on Saturday amidst protests by family members and residents of Verka against police. Sarabjit Singh , advocate, a local resident said, there was resentment against police for its alleged inaction. He said a high-powered team should investigate about political pressure on police for their lackadaisical probes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261523", "title": "Depression may bring rain next week", "text": "CHENNAI: The pleasant days and cold nights will continue for a couple of days until a deep depression over the Bay of Bengal gathers strength. The system could intensify into a cyclone.\"There is a system over the Bay of Bengal that looks like it could intensify,\" said IMD deputy director-general Y E A Raj. The deep depression is 1,000km in the east-northeast of Chennai. If it intensifies into a cyclone, it will be named Mahasen.Met officials said the system would intensify further into a cyclonic storm and slowly move west-northwest over the next 12 hours. It will move westwards or west-southwest towards the south Andhra Pradesh and north Tamil Nadu coasts in the subsequent 72 hours.Though the state received excess rainfall in the first few days of the northeast monsoon, the city has been dry for the past two weeks. Even Cyclone Nilam brought more wind than rain. In the past week, the minimum temperature has dipped from 23 degrees celsius to 19 degrees celsius.The system has been giving weather bloggers some excitement and they've been tracking it for the past week. On Saturday, they watched it change shape and track fast, intensifying from a depression to a deep depression within three hours.Mumbai-based weather blogger Rajesh Kapadia, who has been observing the weather for 45 years, said the system been moving quite a lot. \"Initially, I had expected it to move directly towards Tamil Nadu but it started moving north-northwest. It has changed track again,\" he said.\"We will have to wait and watch but it is likely to make a U-turn near the Bangladesh coast due to a strong ridge and start moving towards south Andhra Pradesh and north Tamil Nadu,\" said weather blogger R Pradeep John, who is also deputy manager - projects with Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260105", "title": "Shiv Sena supremo's illnesses always had an element of drama", "text": "MUMBAI: While announcing Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death on Saturday evening, his doctor Jalil Parkar gave the reason as cardio-respiratory failure.From Wednesday night to 3.33pm on Saturday, health bulletins on the leader's health were closely watched. The rejoicing that followed positive news of his health on Thursday evening turned into grief on Saturday when his death was announced.While Wednesday was a critical day, the Sena leader's health has been a cause for concern since August 2012 when he was admitted to Lilavati Hospital with complaints of abdominal discomfort and breathlessness.In fact, the Shiv Sena chief had, at that time, dramatically changed his mind at the last moment after getting a leading Hyderabad-based gastrointestinal specialist to fly down to perform an endoscopic examination. His partymen later said their leader had more faith in homoeopathy than invasive tests.This element of drama has been a part of all of Thackeray's hospitalizations. It is said that the first words he uttered after undergoing a cardiac bypass surgery in February 1996 were 'Jai Maharashtra'. The late Dr Nitu Mandke had performed the surgery to remove a blockage from Thackeray's left anterior descending artery and later got a huge piece of land in Andheri for a hospital.Incidentally, Bal Thackeray's health became an issue only after he entered his 70s. In the run-up to the elections in 1995, he was diagnosed with cardiovascular disease; a few years thereafter, doctors found him suffering from a severe lung disorder as well. Recently, he was diagnosed with a gastrointestinal problem that the family has chosen not to talk about.As heart diseases are progressive in nature, Thackeray needed another procedure 13 years later. Only, it was complicated. He not only developed a 99% blockage in the same vessel, but was frail, weighing less than 45 kg and suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a condition in which breathing becomes difficult due to weakened lung function. COPD is often seen among smokers, which Thackeray used to be, delighting in his cigars and pipe.Given his delicate state, the party chose Chennai-based Dr Mathew Kalarickel, called the father of angioplasty in India, to operate on the patriarch in 2009. The doctor has since held this angioplasty as special because it is not everyday that doctors operate on octogenarians who weigh 40 kg and have had a previous bypass surgery to boot. Through the procedure, Thackeray kept quizzing doctors about what would follow.Thackeray, though, made a great comeback in health terms. Steroids, the main line of treatment for COPD, helped him gain over 10kg and some stamina too, allowing him to strike fiery stances every once in a while. His personal physician, Dr Jalil Parkar, visited him almost every day.After August, the Sena chose not to speak about Thackeray's latest health problems. A homoeopath from Vile Parle, Prafull Prabhakar, was selected to treat him. Doctors from Lilavati Hospital continued to visit him at Matoshree to check on his vital parameters and carry out regular blood tests.On November 14, there was another scare as reports spread that Thackeray was critical. His room at Matoshree was turned into an ICU as doctors worked to save his life. But within 24 hours, he seemed a bit better with his blood pressure and heart rate near normal.The fluctuation continued till Saturday afternoon when he was declared dead at 3.33pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261728", "title": "UP salutes Balasaheb's stature", "text": "LUCKNOW: People from all sections of the society, including those who did not agree with his ideology, condoled the death of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Saturday.Muslim cleric Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahli said, \"Nobody can ignore the stature of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray as a leader in Indian politics. His word is treated as an order by his followers. This made Shiv Sena a disciplined outfit. But at the same time, it is also true that the majority in the country, across all communities and faiths, considered Thackrey's brand of politics divisive, which was against the spirit of Indian Constitution. Had he been constructive in his approach, he would have enjoyed a larger following and impact across the country,\" he added.Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav expressed grief and said, \"We prayer to the Almighty that Thackeray's soul may rest in peace and to give strength to his family to bear the loss.\" UP Congress chief Nirmal Khattri said he would pray for the peace of the departed soul.State president of the Bharatiya Janata Party Laxmikant Bajpayi said Thackeray's death had left a vacuum in the nation's political space. \"In his demise, the country has lost the torch-bearer of nationalism and Hindutva. Former chief minister Kalyan Singh described Thackeray's death as end of an era and a colossal loss, while Praveen Togadia, international president of Vishwa Hindu Parishad, said Balasaheb never compromised for the sake of power or gave in to any allurement. Anil Singh, senior Shiv Sena functionary, UP, said the nation had lost the \"Hindu Hriday Samrat\".Kamlesh Tiwari, senior functionary of Hindu Maha Sabha said \"We are deeply saddened by the news of the death of Bal Thackeray. Although, he was a Shiv Sainik, he was the real warrior of Hindutva\". Ashok Beri, RSS functionary, UP, said \"Undoubtedly, Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray was a good human being, who always thought and worked for the better of the nation\".Child rights activist and a teacher Anshumali Sharma said Thackeray was a rare example of charismatic leadership, a phenomenon which was almost extinct. \"His approach to politics suggested he had a vision, particularly for Maharashtra, which went beyond the realms of vote bank politics. With a 'little secular view', he could have done wonders.\"Social activist Dr P K Gupta said Thackeray's demise is a jolt to Maharashtra and Mumbai in particular. \"He was a Hindu nationalist who was bold in expressing his views. But, the champion of Maharashtra mixed Hinduism with nationalism, which reflected he was not open to other religions, co-existing in India,\" he added.\"Thackeray represented the regional zeitgeist (spirit of the age) in India. What set him apart from other leaders was his charisma. In fact, his awe bewilders many social scientists like me. Mumbai slept and woke up with him and the city moved and stopped on his call. I wonder how his sort of awe emerged and sustained for so many years,\" said Prof Rajesh Mishra, head of Sociology department, Lucknow University.Teacher leader Moulindu Mishra said Thackeray took the bull of politics by its horns unlike most politicians in India. It is probably on account of his courage and straight forwardness that he enjoyed such a huge fan following. Nobody will be able to fill the vacuum created by his sad demise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261535", "title": "Protect self from cold: Expert", "text": "PATNA: On Saturday evening, two Patnaites Alok and Indu, both in 'khadi bandis', were near Maurya Lok Complex, discussing if it was time to purchase woollen pullovers or half-sleeved sweaters for more warmth when they would be at the bank of the Ganga to participate in the morning arghya ceremony on November 20. They decided to go for the half-sleeved sweaters.Much before them, Meena Devi, along with her daughters Roma and Manisha and two little kids Khushi and Pari, had already purchased warm clothes for themselves and for the tiny-tots. Indeed, seasonal joints for warm clothes, like Lhasa Market and other shops on Buddha Marg or elsewhere, were bustling with boys, girls, men, women and children - all on recce to purchase winter outfits, especially in view of the early onset of winter and certain cold winter during the morning ceremony.As a matter of fact, cold felt on the roads in Patna around this time is tricky, since days are warm and late evenings are hot due to the heat generated by vehicular traffic. Otherwise, the outskirts of Patna and its countryside - for that matter, all over the state \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are exposed to the mild cold morning wind and mist cover. And for sure, it is not a good weather for people of all ages if they venture to the bank of the Ganga in the morning.A scientist at the Patna Met office said on Saturday, \"Yes, it would be mist and wind in the morning. Days would be warm and sky clear. Naturally, people visiting the ghats of Ganga in the morning during Chhath should be cautious about their clothes.\"Besides, he said, \"No synoptic system persists\" and, therefore, there is no cause for concern regarding sudden adverse weather conditions. \"Yes, some formation is taking place in the Bay of Bengal, but it will not impact Bihar,\" the Met scientist added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260969", "title": "Seniors should help hone skills of fresh engineers: BHEL ED", "text": "BHOPAL: Executive director of BHEL Bhopal, SS Gupta called upon the senior engineers to mentor and assist the new recruits so that they are comfortable and learn their job efficiently. Addressing the \"Fifth People Development Program\" organized by Human Resource Development Centre (HRDC) BHEL, on Saturday, Gupta said young technocrats need greater exposure and practical training.The programme was for the additional general managers (GMs) and head of departments (HoDs).D K Thakur, GM (SCR) said, \"Fresh engineers should inculcate a positive attitude since they are the torch bearers of the organization in forthcoming days.\"Earlier G Prakash AGM, (HRD) welcomed the guests and participants. In his welcome address he conveyed director HR's message though a video film and highlighted on the need and design of this program. HRDC BHEL, Bhopal will be conducting 10 more programs of similar nature in the coming year, said Prakash.Faculty members A Mukherji senior DGM (CXX), Rajeev Sarna, senior DGM (FCX), Tarun Sehgal, senior DGM (SWM) and Mahendra Kurre, DGM (CIE) were also present.Hariom Piple, engineer (HRD) coordinated the programme while Umesh Savle, engineer (HRD) proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260326", "title": "CA exams called off, colleges to reopen tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: With the funeral procession of Shiv Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray set to take place on Sunday, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ( ICAI ) announced that the CA final examination in Paper 8 has been postponed. The exam was scheduled for Sunday in Mumbai/ Navi Mumbai (Zone I-XI), Thane and Panvel. The new date of the examination will be announced shortly.While most educational institutes are confused about re-opening their institutions for studentson Monday, colleges have decided to resume classes on Monday after the Diwali break and do not plan otherwiseunless an official announcement is made.Mumbai's CA students in Mumbai can heave a sigh of relief as the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) announced that the final examination in Paper 8-which was scheduled to be held on Sunday-November 18 in the Mumbai/Navi Mumbai (Zone I to XI), Thane and Panvel examination centres have been postponed. The new date of this examination at the said centres will be announced shortly.The Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET), which was supposed to be held on Sunday, has now been postponed. The CBSE board authorities announced this change through a press release late on Saturday. \"The rescheduled date for the exam will be announced shortly,\" said an official.The Central Teacher's Eligibility Test (CTET), however, is scheduled to take place on Sunday. There are four to five centres in the city for the exam.The exam, conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE, is taken by candidates to make them eligible to be eligible for appointment as teachers for classes I to VIII.Deepshikha Srivastava, principal of Rajhans Vidyalaya, which is the custodian centre for the exam, said, \"I don't know how the students will make it to the centres on Sunday in the chaos.\"On Monday,Examinations of four faculties under Mumbai University are scheduled for Monday-Pharmacy second semester, first and third year of the five-year integrated law course, Marathi paper for TYBA students, and Nautical science paper for TYBSc students. \"Exams will be conducted as scheduled if the funeral ceremony is smooth on Sunday. It is very difficult to reschedule exams,\" said a university official.Colleges are all set to reopen on Monday after the Diwali break and do not plan otherwise unless an official announcement is made for institutes to remain shut. Fr Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of St Xavier's College at Dhobi Talao said, \"Colleges are scheduled to reopen from Monday. There is no communication from the university to postpone the dates.\"The Cathedral and John Connon School in Fort will reopen on Monday. after the Diwali break and the principal added that the school will take a decision otherwise it's decision only after the government sends an intimation.BOX:Aditya Thackeray who is pursuing his three-year LLB course from KC Law College has his semester examination scheduled in the last week of November. Sources from the Yuva Sena led by the young Thackeray, said that he might appear for his exam, but he might take a call later on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267376", "title": "Stem sells in the N-E", "text": "How about making a style statement with a jacket made of water hyacinth? Or showing off delicate jewellery from the same material? Or warding off the sun with a stylish hat? Why, you could even get bedroom slippers, bags, lamps and mats from the same weed. This is one of the success stories of rural empowerment and recently got the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Ltd (NEDFi) the 'NABARD award for Rural Innovation 2012'. Enterprise and innovation have converted a menace that choked and killed aquatic life, hindered transport and increased mosquitoes into imaginative products.It all started in 2010 when members of NEDFi saw how the plant was converted in Thailand into popular handicraft products. They realized that water hyacinths could be a smart alternative to bamboo and cane in the North-East and started giving assistance to artisans in Assam , Manipur, Tripura and Meghalaya. NEDFi CMD B Paul Muktieh says from Guwahati, \"While earlier cane and bamboo were abundant and of good quality, now they are expensive. Water hyacinths, on the other hand, are freely available and our artisans already have the required skills.\"Rita Das, a 38-year-old artisan from Dhubri district of Assam, thanks the day she started making water hyacinth products. \"Earlier, I made products from jute, but neither would I get a good price nor was it easy to make with jute threads. Plus, I had to buy the raw material. With water hyacinths, my monthly income has shot up to Rs 25,000-30,000.\" It takes Rita just a day to make a bag (from one kilo) which is sold for around Rs 500. \"I also roped my neighbours into this vocation and was elected Ward Commissioner by the Dhubri Municipality Board,\" she says happily.It takes one kilo of hyacinths to generate 100 gms of dry stems, says M K Das, deputy GM, NEDFi. \"These hyacinths take just 18 days to grow back. After this project, we plan to tap banana fibres too.\"This aquatic plant, incidentally, originated from the Amazon Basin and was used as an ornamental plant. Today, mature water hyacinths which are 15-30 inches long are cut by these artisans and their stems split open and dried for 5-6 days. These are then flattened using rollers and given anti-fungal treatment. These brown and dried stems are strong enough to be made into ropes, fibre boards and braids.But support was essential and the North Eastern Council gave a grant of Rs 1.6 crore to train 1,300 artisans over a three-year period (2010-13), while NEDFi gave Rs 40-50 lakh, says Muktieh. \"We wanted our artisans to be trained in Thailand but initially, their experts were secretive about their craft but helped us after we roped in UNIDO.\" In fact, this craft has been in practice in South-East Asia and the region has garnered a huge chunk of the international handicraft market.NEDFi trains artisans in the first week of every month in Guwahati and they have also been sent to the National Institute of Design in Ahmedabad and World Craft Council which introduced them to contemporary designs in handicrafts and jewellery.The artisans are also given flattening machines, moulds, stitching machines, looms, dryers and dyes along with a Rs 15,000-grant to put up sales counters in small towns. They also display their wares at the NEDFi Haat in Guwahati. In order to market it well, NEDFi has put these products under the brand name of 'Aqua Weaves' where tags ink the individuality of each artisan. Also, the prices of each item are decided by the artisans themselves, empowering them further.This success story could well be emulated by states such as J&K; and Kerala where the famous Dal Lake and Vembanad Lake respectively have been choked by water hyacinths.While these hyacinths grow freely in Assam, Manipur, which is a thriving hub for craftsmen, doesn't have this raw material. Smelling an opportunity, Assamese villagers sell these plants for as much as Rs 50 per kilo. A full furniture set can go for as much as Rs 1.5 lakh.There are also plans to generate bio-gas from hyacinths, says Mukieh. \"In another 2-3 months, there'll also be a catalogue and website to market these products widely. Furniture too will be scaled up and we plan to get trainers from Bali for this. Once mass production starts, we will look for national and international linkages. It could take another 2-3 years,\" he says.Talk about stemming the tide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17261882", "title": "Top seed Gulati survives", "text": "Top seed Sandeep Gulati of Delhi suffered a shock defeat in his first match of the men's 8-ball competition of the NSCINational Pool Championship, on Saturday.The cueist from Delhi went down fighting to Maharashtra's Sumeet Devang 4-5 in the race to five frames double elimination round Group-C match.However, he managed to stay alive in the competition as he was awarded a walkover after his opponent Dipendra Pinkyar of Maharashtra failed to turn up for the match. All matches scheduled for Sunday have been postponed to Monday .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17260362", "title": "Thackeray ran Sena govt on remote control", "text": "Thackeray was the eldest son of writer-crusader K S Thackeray, also known as Prabodhankar, for he edited a periodical called Prabodhan (Renaissance). Beginning his career as a cartoonist in the 1950s, he plunged into a nascent statehood movement for Maharashtra.The Sena, which began as an outfit that fought to secure employment opportunities for Maharashtrians in the 1960s, gradually turned into a mainstream party that tasted power for the first time when it swept Mumbai's local body polls in 1985. The use and threat of mob violence became a calling card. There were even whispers about a culture of extortion taking root.But it was Thackeray's stridently nativist sons-of-the-soil agenda that altered the state's political culture and eroded the Congress base. Using aggression to demand job quotas for the working class Mumbaikar Marathi, he built a loyal constituency and acquired near-mythical stature.The Sena acquired prominence on the national stage when it embraced Hindutva and aligned with the BJP, eventually winning the Maharashtra assembly polls in the charged atmosphere of the mid-90s. Thackeray's stature grew when he spurned public office and installed Manohar Joshi as CM, although he made it known that he would be the one in charge running the government on \"remote control\". From film-makers to businessmen, Thackeray's approval was considered a must.His predilection for rough-and-ready methods showed in the manner in which his government dealt with the Mumbai underworld. During the Sena-BJP regime, nearly 100 gangsters were gunned down in 'encounters' that were described by then home minister Gopinath Munde as 'necessary' to tackle the deteriorating law and order situation.However, cases for hate speech registered against him in the wake of the 1992 Mumbai riots continued to dog him. He escaped prosecution due to the reluctance shown by successive governments, including the ones headed by the Congress, to grant sanction. But he was banned in 1999 by the EC from voting or contesting in any election for six years for violating the code by seeking votes in the name of religion and caste in a bypoll in Mumbai in 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260384", "title": "Entertainment: Curtains down for the weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death pulled the plug on virtually all entertainment in the city on Saturday evening as music concerts, plays, stand-up acts and movie shows were roundly cancelled. Although no formal call for a citywide shutdown had been announced at the time of the cancellations, organizers said they were taking pre-emptive measures.A ripple of disappointment rose at the Turf Club, Mahalaxmi Racecourse, when organisers of the highly anticipated concert by EDM group Swedish House Mafia announced that the show was cancelled. Shailendra Singh, MD of the company organizing the show, and Nikhil Chinappa, director of the outfit managing the artistes, made the announcement as soon as news of the death came in. Alerts went out on social media as well. Sources said an announcement would be made soon on rescheduling the concert or refunding the tickets. About 20,000 people had been expected to show up.Eyewitnesses said girls in the audience broke down on account of the cancellation. In the parking lot, a few disappointed people broke bottles. Mehak Sabat, 25, who was present at the venue, said, \"There were many constables all over the place and they made sure people left in an orderly fashion. We have been asked to retain our entry bands, so we hope they will make an announcement about rescheduling the show soon.\"The Comedy Store and Canvas, the club, at High Street Phoenix, also cancelled all weekend shows. In Bandra, two music events - Live at the Console, which was to take place at Mehboob Studios on Saturday, and a fund-raising gig slated for Bonobo on Sunday - were taken off the marquee. \"We cancelled a live music performance and shut the club,\" said a spokesperson at Blue Frog, Parel. \"We have not yet decided if the club will remain shut on Sunday too.\"Weekend shows were cancelled at theatres as well. Shivaji Mandir, in the Sena stronghold of Dadar, cancelled shows on Thursday itself. S Malkar, the manager, said, \"And on Saturday evening we halted a performance midway after learning about the demise. Our theatre will remain closed until the situation eases.\"Other theatre houses downing shutters for the weekend included Yashwant Natya Mandir (Matunga), Acharya Atre Natya Rangmandir (Kalyan), NCPA (Nariman Point), Sophia Auditorium (Breach Candy), Naveenbhai Thakkar Hall (Vile Parle), Nehru Centre (Worli) and YB Chavan Auditorium (Nariman Point). The NCPA announced that some shows would be rescheduled and patrons would be duly informed.The Prabodhankar Thackeray Natya Mandir in Borivli (W) cancelled two Marathi plays on Saturday evening. \"We had a show at 4.30pm and only a handful of people showed up, so we cancelled it. We also cancelled the 8 pm show since we didn't expect any public to show up,\" said an official. He added that the venue might remain shut on Sunday as well. A theatre producer, whose play was cancelled, said, \"It is as a mark of respect for Balasaheb that we won't stage our plays on Sunday.\" Another producer said, \"He has done so much for us.\"Movie halls also decided to play safe, with many cancelling shows after 6pm. New Empire, New Excelsior and Cinemax Cinema were among those that refunded tickets. Girish Wankhede of Cinemax Cinema said, \"All 66 screens across the state will remain shut for two days.\"According to Shailesh Kapoor, of Ormax Media, Bollywood might incur a loss of at least Rs 7 crore over the weekend. All film events, including one with Amitabh Bachchan and another felicitating Aamir Khan , were cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263115", "title": "SAIL unit bags several awards at NMD meet", "text": "RANCHI: Research &amp; Development Centre for Iron &amp; Steel (RDCIS), the corporate R&D; unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) bagged several awards at the ongoing National Metallurgical Day-Indian Institute of Metals, 2012 celebration at Jamshedpur. NMD is celebrated every year by the IIM under the aegis of union ministry of steel. Eminent scientists and engineers of the country are felicitated for their outstanding contributions in the field of metallurgy &amp; material science on the occasion.Engineers of RDCIS Dr Santosh Kumar and Dr Asit Kumar Bhakat were conferred with 'Metallurgist of the year' award in the ferrous Group. Mrinal Sen and V T Selvan bagged the 'Metallurgist of the year Award' in the area of environment, energy conservation and waste management. Dr Golap Mohammad Choudhury also bagged the \"Young Metallurgist of the year Award\" in the ferrous Group.The awards were presented to the recipients on November 16 in Jamshedpur during the award ceremony by union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17262639", "title": "Indian-origin professor indicted for $700,000 fraud in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian American engineering professor , Manoj Kumar Jha, has been indicted by a federal grand jury for trying to defraud the National Science Foundation (NSF) of $700,000.A full time professor at the Morgan State University, Jha, according to the seven count indictment, fraudulently obtained $200,000 in grant funds from the NSF's Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programme to fund a highway project, and attempted to obtain another $500,000 though the same programme.The indictment alleges that Jha converted the funds to his personal use, including: to make payments on his mortgage and personal credit card; authorizing approximately $11,000 in salary payments to his wife, who did not perform NSF-related work; and writing a $6,000 check to himself.According to the indictment by US attorney for the district of Maryland Rod Rosenstein and Allison Lerner, NSF inspector general; Jha established a company Amar Transportation Research and Consulting and was its president and only director.Jha faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each of five counts of wire fraud, and for one count each of mail fraud and falsification of records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11565051", "title": "Live-in couples happier than married ones?", "text": "The idea that that marriage has health and happiness advantages over cohabitation may be overrated, a new study has suggested .The study has asserted that while both marriage and cohabitation provide benefits over being single, these reduce over time following a honeymoon period.\"Marriage has long been an important social institution, but in recent decades western societies have experienced increases in cohabitation, before or instead of marriage, and increases in children born outside of marriage,\" said Dr Kelly Musick, Associate Professor of policy analysis and management at Cornell University's College of Human Ecology.\"These changes have blurred the boundaries of marriage, leading to questions about what difference marriage makes in comparison to alternatives.\"This study compared marriage to cohabitation while using a fixed-effects approach that focuses on what changes when single men and women move into marriage or cohabitation and the extent to which any effects of marriage and cohabitation persist over time.Dr Musick drew a study sample from the National Survey of Families and Households (NSFH) of 2,737 single men and women, 896 of whom married or moved in with a partner over the course of 6 years.The study focused on key areas of well-being, considering questions on happiness, levels of depression , health, and social ties.The results showed a spike in well-being immediately following both marriage and cohabitation as couples experienced a honeymoon period with higher levels of happiness and fewer depressive symptoms compared to singles. However, these advantages were short lived.Marriage and cohabitation both resulted in less contact with parents and friends compared to remaining single - and these effects appeared to persist over time.\"We found that differences between marriage and cohabitation tend to be small and dissipate after a honeymoon period. Also while married couples experienced health gains - likely linked to the formal benefits of marriage such as shared healthcare plans - cohabiting couples experienced greater gains in happiness and self-esteem,\" Dr Musick insisted.\"For some, cohabitation may come with fewer unwanted obligations than marriage and allow for more flexibility, autonomy, and personal growth.\"Compared to most industrial countries America continues to value marriage above other family forms. However our research shows that marriage is by no means unique in promoting well-being and that other forms of romantic relationships can provide many of the same benefits,\" Dr Musick added.The study has been published in the Journal of Marriage and Family .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17263806", "title": "Wrapped in tricolour, Bal Thackeray begins final journey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wrapped in the tricolour, Bal Thackeray's final journey has begun. A sea of grieving people converged since early Sunday in Bandra here as preparations were underway for the funeral of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , who passed away Saturday afternoon.The procession was to start at 7 am, but was delayed as roads around Matoshree were filled with thousands of supporters. Bal Thackeray's body was finally brought out of his house a little after 9 am. His son, Uddhav, broke down just before the body was loaded onto the truck.The flower bedecked truck on which a glass box carrying Thackeray's body will wend its way from Bandra east to Dadar west via the Mahim Causeway - one of the connecting links between south Mumbai and suburbs over the Mahim Creek.Along the procession route alone, nearly 20,000 policemen, 15 companies of State Reserve Police Force and three contingents of the Rapid Action Force have been deployed. The Police Commissioner said he had cancelled his daughter's wedding reception party on Sunday since he would be busy.Several Bollywood stars, important politicians and industrialists are expected to travel across the city today; they visited Thackeray in great numbers over Wednesday and Thursday this week signalling that despite his divisive politics, Mr Thackeray commanded the attention of virtually every camp in the city.After allowing several thousands of Shiv Sainiks from all over the state to pay their last respects, the body will be taken to Shivaji Park and kept for a public 'darshan' for over 200,000 people who are expected to turn up.Mumbai police have made elaborate security arrangements by deploying 20,000 policemen, 15 companies of State Reserve Police and three companies of Rapid Action Force to deal with any situation.Mumbai, which resembled a ghost city since Saturday evening, has remained calm and peaceful as news of Thackeray's death began to sink in.All major roads and public places were deserted barring the odd security vehicles, some Shiv Sena activists moving around or a few delayed office-goers scampering home.Top VVIPs from all over India are expected to arrive for Thackeray's funeral, slated at 6 pm Sunday evening at Shivaji Park. ( Inputs from agencies )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261333", "title": "State hikes remuneration for guest lecturers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Saturday announced an increase in the honorarium of guest faculties in government colleges, both at the degree and junior level, by Rs 50 per class with retrospective effect from November 1.Visiting teachers in degree colleges will get Rs 400 per class up from Rs 350 earlier. The maximum remuneration limit has been enhanced from Rs 12,500 to Rs 15,600 per month. In junior colleges, the government increased the pay per class from Rs 250 to Rs 300. The maximum remuneration limit went up to Rs 9,300 from Rs 8,000 earlier. Teachers in both categories can't take more than 40 classes per month. \"The guest teachers contribute heavily to teaching. They deserved the hike,\" director higher education Dr Satyakam Mishra said.Though the move is being seen as an attempt to attract and retain guest teachers in colleges which are facing severe faculty shortage, the institutions were skeptical about the hike. \"It would not serve any purpose. The cap of Rs 15,600 on pay and 40 classes per month don't make guest teachers as alternative arrangement of regular teachers. A regular teacher takes around 100 to 120 classes per month,\" said BJB (Autonomous) College principal Suresh Patnaik. Patnaik said government should allow guest teachers to take around 75 to 80 classes and revise the upper limit of remuneration accordingly.College teachers added that the government should speed up the process of appointment of regular college teachers to address the vacancy problem rather than increasing remuneration for guest teachers. \"There are around 300 retirees eligible to become guest teachers in the state. At best they can teach to compensate for 100 regular teachers because of the cap on the number of classes they can take. It's not going to help,\" said Manas Behera, general of secretary Odisha Government College Teachers Association. Behera said government should expedite steps to fill up the vacancies.Higher education director Dr Satyakam Mishra said the government would soon promote junior college teachers to the degree level, which will fill up around 50 per cent of the vacancies. The government is also in the process of recruiting teachers for junior colleges, he said. There are over 1,000 vacancies of college teachers in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17260914", "title": "Most Goa ore goes to China", "text": "PANAJI: China continues to remain the top importer of iron ore from Goa. Statistics complied by the Goa mineral ore exporters' association (GMOEA) indicate that over 89% of Goa's registered ore was exported to China in 2011-2012.Over 38 million tonnes of Goa's registered iron ore was exported in 2011-2012, out of which over 34 million tonnes was exported to China.Goa exports iron ore to China, Japan, South Korea, Europe and the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Besides China, Goa's mining companies export over two million tonnes to Japan, over one million to South Korea, 3,79,075 tonnes to Europe and 52,500 tonnes to the UAE.GMOEA statistics indicate that that Fomento resources pvt ltd, Prime mineral exports pvt ltd and Sociedade de Fomento industrial pvt ltd have exported 4,50,343 tonnes of non-Goa iron ore (registered) to China.Out of 28 mining companies, which were involved in exports of Goa registered ore, only five companies exported ore to Japan. Between, 2003 to 2005 Japan was the number one importer of Goa ore which was replaced by China, after the mining boom in the state.All 28 companies exported Goan registered iron ore to China. Sesa Goa Ltd and Sesa Resources Ltd exported over 11 million tonnes and Fomento's Sociedade de Fomento Industrial Pvt Ltd, Prime Mineral Exports Pvt Ltd, Fomento Exports Pvt Ltd, and Infrastructure Logistics Pvt Ltd exported over 7 million tonnes.V M Salgaocar and Bro PVT Ltd exported over three million tonnes, Chowgule and Company Pvt Ltd exported over one million tonnes, Timblo Enterprises Limited exported over two million tonnes, Panduronga Timblos Industries exported over one million tonnes to China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17263671", "title": "Ind vs Eng: England 340/5 at stumps on Day 4, lead by 10 runs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Captain Alastair Cook led a remarkable England fightback with a heroic unbeaten 168 as the defiant visitors wiped out India's mammoth first innings lead with a gritty batting display to raise hopes of saving the first Test on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in PicsThe 27-year-old Cook displayed immense concentration and skill to not only notch up his 21st Test century under pressure but also keep his team in the game as he steered England to 340 for five at close on the penultimate day which saw the Sardar Patel track ease out quite a bit.The England captain found an able ally in Matt Prior (84) as the duo put on an unfinished 141-run partnership to leave the Indians frustrated.The spinners, who were expected to do the bulk of the damage, found it difficult to get the wickets.England, who conceded a mammoth 330-run first innings lead and were asked to follow-on, have now taken a lead of 10 runs, setting the stage for an interesting fifth day's play tomorrow with all three results possible.India will look to claim the remaining five wickets as quickly as possible on Monday and push for a 1-0 lead in the four-match series.England, on the other hand, will try to bat as much as possible and may even put pressure on India by taking a substantial lead on a tricky fifth day track.Resuming at the overnight score of 111 for no loss, England lost the wickets of Nick Compton (37), Jonathan Trott (17), Kevin Pietersen (2), Ian Bell (22) and Samit Patel (0) but it was Cook who stood like a rock to hold the English innings together showing superb endurance.Cook batted the whole day with exemplary patience, determination and composure to remain unconquered.Cook, who has faced 341 balls and struck 20 fours, was given splendid support by Prior, who was not out on 84 that came off 190 balls and contained 10 fours.The duo batted resolutely even as Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni constantly shuffled his bowling attack that lacked the bite of the first innings.India can still come back strongly with a few quick blows tomorrow morning and press for victory on a track which is offering slow turn.But the day belonged entirely to Cook after a couple of quick blows by left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha and wickets off successive balls by pacer Umesh Yadav on either side of lunch. Prior, on the other hand, played the ideal foil to his captain.It was the sixth 150-plus score by Cook who had scored a century on debut in Nagpur in 2006. His other three-figure effort against India (294) was made at Edgbaston in the last series between the two teams in 2011.Cook also became the eighth English batsman to score more than one hundred on Indian soil, by joining the ranks of Ken Barrington (3), Andrew Strauss (3), Colin Cowdrey (2), Tony Greig (2), Mike Gatting (2), Ian Botham (2) and Paul Collingwood (2).The Indian bowlers toiled hard throughout the day against the resolute England skipper and, after lunch, against his more aggressive partner Prior without success.Cook's composure and patience was creditable right through and he hardly played a false shot.While Ojha was easily the more impressive of the two Indian spinners, getting some bite with his flighted deliveries, Ashwin bowled mostly flat through the air but was also guilty of not maintaining a tight line outside the off.Ojha ended the day with figures of 2 for 102 in 44 overs to add to his 5-45 of the first innings while Ashwin, who got three in the first innings, went wicket-less in his 41 overs in which he gave away 104 runs.Yadav, another successful bowler of the day, had 2 for 60 in 19 overs. Zaheer Khan bowled economically, giving away 38 runs in 18 overs for the wicket of opener Nick Compton in the first session.Skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni brought on Yuvraj Singh to bowl his first over in the England second innings after 10l overs without success in breaking the sixth wicket partnership.In the second session, Yadav struck two body blows by making the ball reverse swing to trap Ian Bell (22) and Samit Patel (0) leg before wicket off the fifth and sixth balls of his first over of a new spell to leave the tourists gasping at 199 for 5 in the first hour.Ojha had done similar damage in the first session by dismissing Jonathan Trott (17) and Kevin Pietersen (2) within a space of seven balls spread over two overs to push England on the back foot after Cook and Nick Compton (37) had put on a stand of 123 runs.These four batsmen's dismissal by Ojha and Yadav on either side of lunch, in the space of 20 overs and for the addition of only 45 runs, pushed England firmly on the back foot.But Cook stood tall with his reach, excellent technique and calm demeanour against the spinning ball as he cracked his third century against India and the 21st in his 84th game.Cook, who made 41 in the first essay, and Prior prevented further damage till close to renew the battle on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260697", "title": "Five-wicket hero Pragyan Ojha treasures Kevin Pietersen dismissal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On match eve, India skipper MS Dhoni had said that Pragyan Ojha's job was to contain while Ashwin's task was to go for the kill.India's spin duo, however, switched roles on Saturday at the Motera with Ojha doing most of the damage. Whenever Dhoni turned to the left-armer from Hyderabad, he responded with a wicket.For example, in the 67th over of the England first innings, Matt Prior and Tim Bresnan had put together 47 runs for the eighth wicket when Dhoni replaced Ashwin with Ojha.It took just three balls for Ojha to drag Bresnan forward and induce a simple edge to second slip. Again, when Graeme Swann joined Prior in the middle, Dhoni wanted to finish things off quickly and turned to Ojha.He immediately bowled Prior with a flighted delivery. The signs were there early in the day when Ojha bowled to Kevin Pietersen . The first ball turned after pitching on middle, beat KP, also beat MSD and went for byes.A little later, KP danced down the wicket and almost yorked himself. The ball ricocheted from his boot and he had to dive full length to regain the crease.KP was beaten many times, committing himself on the front foot or being saved from being given out LBW by a faint edge.Then, Ojha produced the perfect ball, one which pitched outside leg, danced away from KP's willow and hit timber \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the middle stump, to be precise.It was a huge wicket, the best of the lot perhaps. \"The way he was playing, it gave me confidence and I knew that if I could bowl in the right areas and be patient, I could get his wicket,\" said Ojha about his prize scalp.\"He's a very good batsman. Obviously his wicket was the pick. I'm happy with the way we bowled in the first innings,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17261631", "title": "Maratha regiment continues to lure foreign armies for training", "text": "BELGAUM: The joint military training exercises between the Indian Army and Maldives National Defence Force (MNDF) have begun at the Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Centre. The training that began on November 12 is aimed at enhancing military ties between the two nations. The training is named as 'EKUVERIN-2012'. Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Training Centre, which is well known for its training centres across the world, is attractive for its infrastructural facilities. Most of the foreign armies prefer this training centre because of its facilities and uniqueness. A total of 45 army personnel from India and equal number from Maldives are taking part in the joint training exercise. The bilateral annual exercises commenced in 2009 and are held alternately in India and Maldives. The aim of the exercise is to enhance the close military co-operation between both the countries. During the joint training, the army personnel will undergo round the clock training. Apart from drills, they will undergo counter insurgency operation training. According to officials, the jungle camp at the training centre gives the actual feeling for the army personnel. The training will conclude on November 25. \"The centre is attractive because of its facilities here. We have jungle lane shooting which gives the actual feeling for the army personnel. The infrastructure is also good in MLIRC that is why many foreign acountries prefer this training centre\" added MLIRC Commandant Santosh Kurup. The regimental centre here is carrying out its task of providing training to recruits in the use of small arms - rifle, carbine, LMG- which are basic arms of the infantry. It has requisite administrative and training facilities including modified firing range, battle area, grenade firing area, demo area, jungle lane shooting and exercise area. Every year nearly 1,000 soldiers are trained from this centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17261129", "title": "No questioning CrPC violation after trial", "text": "KOCHI: Even if the police book a person for non-cognizable offences such as drunken driving without obtaining the mandatory sanction from a magistrate, such violation cannot be questioned once the trial is over, the Kerala high court has ruled.Justice S Siri Jagan gave this order on a petition from one K V Abraham of Pampady in Kottayam, seeking to quash the punishment imposed by a magistrate court citing procedural violation. Abraham was booked for drunken and dangerous driving after he was found drunk while driving an autorickshaw in August 2001 at Manjadikavala on Meenadom-Pampady road.A magistrate court found him guilty and sentenced him to two months' simple imprisonment.A sessions court upheld the magistrate court order, following which Abraham moved the high court contending that the entire prosecution was vitiated as police didn't obtain the mandatory permission from the magistrate.According to section 155 (2) of the criminal procedure code, police have to obtain a court's permission to register a case, investigate, or arrest a person in offences classified in CrPC as non-cognizable offences.Abraham's counsel argued that the police had not obtained an order from the magistrate concerned though drunken driving is a non-cognizable offence.Government pleader Biju Meenatoor pointed out that prosecution being vitiated for want of court's permission does not arise after the trial is completed without noticing the illegality. He argued that the CrPC section would only be applicable if the said illegality is pointed out during the trial itself.Upholding the prosecution's stance, the court held that acquittal on the ground of non-compliance with the CrPC section does not arise unless the failure of justice is proved by the accused on account of such non-compliance.According to CrPC section 155 (2), police have to obtain a court's permission to register a case, investigate, or arrest a person in offences classified in the CrPC as non-cognizable offences", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260549", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation's wish to fete Thackeray remains unfulfilled", "text": "NAGPUR: On February 5, 2010, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) general body had passed resolution for public felicitation of Shiv Sena supremo Late Balasaheb Thackeray . Unfortunately, the civic body's wish will now remain unfulfilled forever. Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke condoled the demise of Thackeray and also expressed grief about NMC's dream not coming true.The NMC started the trend for public felicitation of national leaders from 1923. The NMC got the chance to felicitate several great personalities including Mahatma Gandhi , Pt Jawaharlal Nehru and others. On the same lines, NMC took the decision to felicitate Thackeray. It was also decided that the NMC will honour BJP national president Nitin Gadkari on the same stage following his appointment as chief of second largest party of the country.Datke told TOI that request was made to Thackeray couple of times to come to the city and grace the NMC's programme. \"Shiv Sena district president Shekhar Sawarbandhe too took efforts. But we were waiting for the time when Thackeray would give time. Unfortunate we missed the chance to felicitate such a great personality,\" he said.Sena group leader at the NMC Suresh alias Bandu Talwekar too condoled the demise of Thackeray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260048", "title": "Winged guests arrive at Keetham lake", "text": "KANPUR: Pelicans, flamingoes, brahmini ducks, bar-headed geese... these are only some of the guests that have flown in from countries like Russia, China, Bhutan, Afghanistan and Siberia to Keetham lake or Sur Sarovar, a haven for migratory birds located on the Agra - Delhi highway.Keetham Lake was declared as National Bird Sanctuary on 27 March 1991 by UP Forest Department. The winged visitors usually come by mid-October and by December, the country's bird-watching enthusiasts head to various destinations to catch a glimpse of them. \"Though they always arrive here in large numbers with the onset of winters, this time, their number is not as good as compared previous years. Last year, nearly 35,000 birds arrived at Keetham lake. The vast lake that covers an area of 7.13 square kilometers is considered as one of the most attractive lakes in the region. The lake with artificially created mud-islands offers a conducive environment to these avian guests,\" said Sujoy Banerjee, deputy wild life conservator, National Chambal Sanctuary project, Agra division.Banerjee added, \"The presence of birds like pelicans and bar-headed geese in the lake is an indication of the arrival of the migratory birds. The lake is a haven for these birds as it is full of aquatic species that form a part of their diet.\"Wildlife activists cited the destruction of the ecosystem in and around the lake area as the main reason for the decline in the number of migratory birds this year. However, to ensure the safety of migratory birds in Keetham bird sanctuary, the wildlife department has stepped up monitoring within a one-kilometre area around the pentagonal-shaped Keetham lake. \"For the purpose of close monitoring of the birds, forest guards have been deputed on eight watch towers erected in the vicinity of the lake. Besides, forest personnel have been patrolling the lake area to monitor the activities of visitors,\" said a senior Forest department official.Soon Forest department is going to launch an awareness campaigns in villages in the vicinity to protect the birds.Sujoy Banerjee said the department would take the help of NGOs, bird lovers and activists to hold awareness meetings in all villages in the vicinity. A programme will also be organised soon with the help of NGOs to train villagers, forest rangers, guards and the bird watchers to identify different kinds of birds in the lake. He said many species of migratory birds usually seen at this time of the year at Keetham lake were yet to be spotted in large numbers. \"We expect the birds to come in large numbers in the coming days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260587", "title": "Ponty Chadha's group may re-enter UP's anganwadi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ponty Chadha's Great Value Food is all set to regain the Rs 9,000-crore-plus contract for supplying supplementary nutrition to under-nourished children across UP. The contract is for the next three years and the food is to be distributed through the anganwadi network under the centrally sponsored Integrated Child Development Scheme.This, however, would be a violation of a 2004 Supreme Court order which states that only self-help groups, mahila mandals and village communities will be given contracts for supply of food under the programme. Chadha's firm had bagged the tender in 2009, too, during BSP regime.Tenders for the new contract were floated in September and bids were received from several companies. Last month, according to sources, the child development and nutrition department shortlisted Chadha's company after going through the technical bids. However, some rival firms have challenged the tender in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court. The matter will come up for hearing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260938", "title": "'Maaji ki haveli' makeover underway", "text": "BHOPAL: The palace of the first 'unofficial' Begum of Bhopal, Maaji Mamola is under restoration. Called Maaji ki Haveli, it was built in 1740s. Conservationists hope that the restoration work could revive the fortunes of the royal quadrant as was the case with the Gauhar Mahal in early 1990s, the heritage core of the city.Built nearly half a century before Gauhar Mahal, the haveli's three-storey was the first aristocratic house outside the Fatehgarh citadel . Once restored it too like the Gauhar Mahal - the Dilli haat of Bhopal - would be converted into an exhibition space, where artistes would make and display their products for sale.The repair of the old palace is not without its challenges. \"A mix of bricks stone, lime, jute, jaggery and pulses are pasted and sprinkled on the surface. We have to wait for nearly a month before the mixture can be applied,\" said state ASI conservationist O P Mishra. Hast Shilp Vikas Nigam (HSVN) has contracted the restoration to the state department of archaeology.\"Gauhar Mahal was accidentally discovered during the course of an anti-encroachment drive near the Upper Lake. It led to the revival of the area and we hope for a similar transformation around the Iqbal Maidan,\" said heritage conservationist Sikander Malik.The 18th and 19th century monuments around the Iqbal Maidan have big heritage value and Shaukat Mahal and Sadar Manzil are fine examples of it, he added.\"During this year's monsoon, a section of the Moti Mahal had collapsed. The government authorities have only given us assurances of its restoration, but nothing has been done,\" said Malik. When asked about the complaint, Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"We have approached the PWD and department of archaeology and their replies are awaited.\"Moti Mahal was built in 1874 and was partly restored by the EPCO in the 1990s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260629", "title": "Hostel raids continue in Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After suspending the drive on Friday, authorities of Allahabad University commenced their physical verification drive at the hostels on Saturday. The drive has been initiated following the instructions of the Allahabad High Court to flush out illegal inmates from the hostels of AU and the trusts.Resuming the drive, university authorities with support of heavy police force arrived at G N Jha hostel on Saturday and at the end of the drive, there were a total of 63 vacant seats at the hostel of which 16 have already been allotted and inmates given possession of their rooms.After the raid at G N Jha hostel, the team arrived at Sir Sunder Lal (SSL) hostel of AU. Chief proctor Prof Mata Ambar Tiwari, Dean Student Welfare (DSW) Prof R K Singh and other teaching faculty of AU entered the hostel premises along with the police and started the raid, arriving at each room and asking inmates to produce valid documents.Inmates of the hostel were waiting in the allotted rooms with valid documents and the entire exercise was conducted within two hours. In all, 90 vacant seats were found in the hostel and five rooms locked by the team were given back to the respective inmates when they showed their valid documents.Possession of room number 39 was claimed by a student who was neither present at the time of the inspection, nor answering the call as the team stood outside the locked door. The lock was broken and on opening the door, belongings of some other student who had been living there illegally for many years were found in the room, following which the student who had staked claim was debarred from getting a room in any of the hostels on the campus, said Prof Tiwari.Raids in the hostel would continue on Sunday, November 18 at Holland Hall where there are131 vacancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262273", "title": "K S Eshwarappa launch: BJP to crack down on BSY supporters", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP has decided to get tough against former CM BS Yeddyurappa's supporters if they violate party discipline. This was the opinion BJP loyalists expressed before party national general secretary Dharmendra Pradhan during a series of separate meetings with office-bearers , ministers and core committee members on Saturday. BJP state unit president K S Eshwarappa, former CM DV Sadananda Gowda, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and BJP national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar were among those who attended the meetings.The party bosses have decided to take action against those legislators, MPs and ministers who make anti-party statements or attend the proposed convention of the Karnataka Janata Party on December 9 at Haveri.During the core committee meeting, leaders said that dedicated party cadre would lose their morale if the party hesitates to act against the errant leaders.According to sources, though Pradhan assured them of action against indiscipline , he has requested Yeddyurappa's supporters to stop their anti-party activities and stay back in the party. State party unit president K S Eshwarappa said: \"You cannot marry one person and live with another person. I hope nobody attends the KJP convention . We will take action against those who attend.\" Echoing Eshwarappa's sentiments , former CM D V Sadananda Gowda said: \"It's time to act. We cannot tolerate indiscipline anymore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17261374", "title": "Illegal parking space razed, 2 buildings sealed for violation", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Local Planning Authority (LPA) on Saturday demolished the parking space of a popular department store at Vadavalli, on the outskirts of the city, for violating the approved building norms. Meanwhile, two other buildings were sealed for violating the approved building norms. The district collector, M Karunagaran has warned the violators that stringent action would be taken.Over 300 buildings including individual houses, apartments and commercial establishments have been identified by the LPA that have been constructed without permission or violate the building norms. The authority officials had sent notices to the building owners and had given a month's time to rectify the violations. But many building owners did not respond to the notices.Based on district collector and LPA chairman, Karunagaran's instructions, LPA officials, assisted by the town planning wing of Coimbatore municipal corporation and a crew of workers went to Fourth Cross Street at Saibaba Colony in the city on Saturday and sealed Shri KDO Bhavan apartment. \"The building owner got approval for construction of three storied building with six houses. But the building was used for commercial purposes like lodging or wedding,\" said G Easwaran, member secretary, LPA, Coimbatore. Elsewhere, the officials sealed a textile shop at NSR road in Saibaba Colony for violating the parking space. The building plan was approved for ground plus three floors. But the owners illegally converted basement into a retail outlet. The building also exceeded allotted floor area.Meanwhile, the parking space of Shri Kannan Departmental store at Vadavalli was demolished on Saturday using earth movers. The store had occupied the parking space and made a separate cosmetic section in the area of 11,500 sq feet. The store management did not get permission for the building with asbestos sheet roofs. The LPA officials had sent a notice to the store on October 3, 2012 and had given a month's time but the managers did not pay any heed to the notice. On Friday morning, officials told the store management that they would demolish the building on Saturday.Meanwhile, the store management tried to stop the demolition by pressurizing the LPA officials through the ruling party politicians and other bureaucrats. However, the officials did not bother and demolished the violated buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17266881", "title": "Manchu Manoj at Anjana Sanghi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s birthday", "text": "Swati, Sridevi and Amit threw a lavish bash to celebrate Anjana Sanghi's 60th birthday. The do with a Las Vegas theme saw the entire venue done up with glittering lights and elegant chandeliers. The city's bigwigs, industrialists, socialites, film actors like Manchu Manoj, etc were seen gracing the affair.Guests couldn't stop raving about the menu that boasted of everything from Indian, and Continental to Mongolian. And how can a party end without some naach-gaana? Later in the night, the birthday girl herself hit the dance floor and danced to some peppy Bollywood tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260399", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcChadhas fell out over dad\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s property\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: News of the tragic shootout between liquor baron Gurdeep Singh Chadha and his brother Hardeep Singh Chadha came as a shock on Saturday but sources close to the family say the tension between them had been brewing for a while. The three Chadha brothers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gurdeep, Hardeep and Rajinder \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reportedly fell out over the division of their father Kulwant Singh's property soon after his death last year.Hardeep's counsel Gaurang Kanth told TOI the brothers had been trying for long to settle the property question. Kanth, who handles legal matters for Hardeep's company Adie Broswon Breweries Pvt Limited and other businesses, said Hardeep wanted to part ways with his two brothers and had demanded his share of the family property.\"Since the death of their father, the three brothers were in the process of negotiating the division of the property. Although things were not cordial between the brothers and there was a break-up in the family, it was not to the extent of killing each other,\" said Kanth.Kanth, however, said he had not spoken to the family after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260382", "title": "All mgmt admissions only through CMAT: AICTE chief", "text": "NAGPUR: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has cleared the confusion over its Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) by categorically stating that the students will be admitted to the management courses, especially for MBA, only through this test. It however clarified that the scores of five other entrance exams like CAT, MAT, XAT, ATMA, JMET would also be taken into consideration. Only IIMs and various deemed universities will be excluded from this purview.\"Beyond these, no other entrance exam would be considered for the admissions,\" AICTE chairman SS Mantha told TOI from Delhi.The exam would be conducted online like last year. The Supreme Court too has given a green signal for the same. The exam will be conducted twice a year with a gap of six months and the candidates will have the liberty to appear for both attempts. The highest score out of the two attempts will be taken into the consideration during admissions. The candidates have been given an option to pick three cities from where they want to appear for the exam.He added that all states have given their consent for CMAT. \"Only Tamil Nadu had initially opposed it as they had some reservations about its conduct.\"The AICTE chief added that about 3.5 lakh seats in 3,700 institutes offering PGDM and MBA programmes will be filled by CMAT to be held from February 21 to 25. \"Among them about 20,000 seats are in 300 colleges offering PGDM,\" Mantha said.He also warned that colleges from admitting students who have neither passed CMAT nor the other five test for PG management degrees and diplomas. He said that such students will be considered as ineligible and their degrees will not be recognized.Mumbai-based Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) had made it very clear through its notification that students should be admitted in PGDM, PGDBM, MMS and MBA courses only through CMAT from 2013-14 academic session. The notification issued by technical education director Subash Mahajan stated that DTE had discontinued its popular MAH-MBA/MMS-CET from this year. The DTE called in the aspirants to appear for the CMAT to become eligible for admissions.Over 500 candidates appeared in the last CMAT conducted online from February 20 to 28 in two shifts. Last year, Tulsiramji Gaikwad-Patil College of Engineering was the only centre in Vidarbha. This year, the number of centres may increase as the number of candidates will jump significantly.The CMAT brochure is available at Rs 1,200 (Rs 600 for reserved category) and can be bought from SBI branches. They can also get it from the AICTE website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260793", "title": "Mob fury hits Metro services", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was chaos at Karkardooma on Saturday afternoon when a mob set fire to a banquet hall below the Metro station. The incident had a rippling effect on the rest of east Delhi as Metro operations between Yamuna Bank and Vaishali stations came to a complete standstill. This completely upset services on the Blue Line. Much later, locals clashed with the cops, and the latter had to resort to stern measures to quell the violence.On Friday evening, driver Rakesh Dayal, a resident of Aya Nagar and father of two, was beaten to death, allegedly by employees of the banquet hall for popping balloons used for decoration. \"There were four people, including the manager of the banquet hall. Their party was already over (and there was no use for the balloons),\" said Amit Dayal, Rakesh's cousin.He added, \"The police refused to conduct a postmortem; they were even refusing to lodge an FIR until yesterday. Today they have said they have filed one, but we are yet to see a copy of it.\"Around afternoon, a crowd had assembled outside the Metro station, blocking traffic. Sometime after 3.30pm and before 4pm, a fraction of the mob set the banquet hall ablaze. The hall was empty at the time and no one was hurt in the incident. Some 20 fire tenders were rushed to the spot and they took a while to douse the fire.Trains stopped running between Yamuna Bank and Vaishali stations from 4.20pm to 6.20pm. A Delhi Metro spokesperson said, \"Fire officials wanted to shut down the overhead electricity line so that they could use the fire tenders safely.\"By 6pm, the blaze was brought under control, but trains were not stopping at the Karkardooma station. Outside the station, the mob was getting more and more agitated. \"We'll stop traffic now. No one will be allowed to go,\" said Ramrati, Rakesh's neighbour.Cops tried to defuse the crisis by talking the mob out of the situation; but the parleys broke down and soon, the mob was clashing with the cops. Cops resorted to a mild truncheon charge around 6.40pm and even lobbed teargas shells. They managed to drive the crowd into a lane that crosses under the Metro line, past the halls and forced the shops along the way to close down. The mob returned the aggression by pelting the police with bricks and stones.Additional DCP (east) Ashish Muhammad said they had lodged a murder case and needed some time to probe: something that the crowd was not willing to give. \"We will now file a case of rioting. This was the third incident of rioting at Karkardooma in the last two years,\" the DCP said.A police source said they are planning to invoke the Railway Act, as railway property was damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265885", "title": "Rajinikanth condoles Bal Thackeray\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth has expressed his deep condolences on the passing of the Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray. Describing Bal Thackeray as a great leader, Rajinikanth wrote in his message that Bala Saheb was like a father figure to many including him.Rajinikanth's message read: \"Sri Balasaheb Thackeray was a great leader and a father figure to many, including me. This is a great loss to all. My heart felt condolences to all his family members and followers all over the world. I pray for his soul to rest in peace at the feet of the lord.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17260820", "title": "Margao shop gutted in massive blaze", "text": "MARGAO: A massive fire broke out in a shop that houses the office of Goldstar machinery and general company on the Isidora Baptista road, behind Grace Church, Margao late Saturday evening.Officials from the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) stated that prima facie it appeared that the fire was caused due to short circuit which engulfed two shops and caused heavy losses to the owner, P Kharpe.F&ES; officials stressed that the exact cause of the fire could not be ascertained and that equipment such as water pumps, motors and electrical devices were gutted in the blaze. They added that the incident took place at 8.50pm and that the owner had closed his shop just before the incident and was alerted about the fire when he was travelling home.The shop is located in one of the busiest streets in the heart of Margao town. There was a huge traffic jam when the massive fire broke out in the evening rush hour. Besides, the area is full of residential and commercial buildings.Margao police rushed to the site and immediately cordoned of the area. \"The fire broke out around 8.45pm and two fire tenders were deployed at the scene and there were no casualties or injuries when the fire broke,\" said Margao PI Sudesh Naik.\"We are not in a position to estimate the exact amount of losses, as this is a hardware store and there is so much of electrical equipment in this store which led to such a big fire,\" added Naik.\"I went to the site and my daughter was with me and later my wife came and we are just very shocked at what has happened,\" said Karpe while speaking to a few mediapersons at the site.Margao DySP Mohan Naik also rushed to the site and stated that the losses could be calculated on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17263072", "title": "Mercury dips to 11.60 C, lowest this season", "text": "AURANGABAD: The city and surrounding areas recorded the lowest minimum temperature this winter when the mercury fell to 11.6 degrees Celsius on Saturday. Nanded recorded 11.2 degrees Celsius.The minimum temperature was 2.5 degrees below the normal mark. The maximum temperature has also dropped marginally in the past few days and is estimated to remain more or less the same for the next few days, according to India Meteorological Department (IMD). The temperature is likely to fall further by the end of this month, officials said.Shrinivas Aundhkar, director at Mahatma Gandhi Mission, Centre for Astronomy and Space Technology said, \"The sudden dip in temperature in the city is due to the early winter setting in North India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261417", "title": "No early elections, says Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is preparing for elections in 2014 and not earlier, finance minister P Chidambaram said here on Saturday, asserting that there was no threat to its stability. The government is unperturbed over opposition plans to move motions over issues, including FDI in retail , in the coming session of Parliament as it is confident of support from all allies, he said. \"We are not threatened. Government is completely stable.Government will complete its term. Government will hold elections in May 2014,\" he said. Asked if the government apprehends any problem from restive allies like DMK, SP or BSP, he said, \"No\". He downplayed the SP's announcement of the first list of candidates for Lok Sabha polls, saying \"that does not mean that elections are round the corner. That means parties are preparing well in advance for the May 2014 elections\".In this context, he noted that the Congress has also announced a coordination committee under Rahul Gandhi and three sub-groups to prepare for the polls to be held in 2014. \"That does not mean that elections are round the corner,\" he said, adding, \"Like any other party, my party also expects to return to government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261722", "title": "CPM demands relief for framed Muslim youth", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Saturday took its protest against targeting and persecution of the Muslim youth to the President and demanded the Centre take immediate steps to help victims of \"State-led injustice\". CPM general secretary Prakash Karat met President Pranab Mukherjee with a seven-member delegation that included three youth who were arrested in terror cases, spent years in jail and then acquitted by courts.Mohammed Aamir from Delhi and Syed Maqbool Shah from Srinagar, both acquitted after 14 years in jail, and Kanpur's Syed Wasif Haider, released after eight years, were part of the delegation.In its memorandum, the CPM demanded compensation and rehabilitation for the innocent implicated in such cases and special courts with time-bound procedures to settle cases within a year. \"Policemen must be held accountable and action must be taken against those found fabricating evidence,\" Karat told TOI.CPM also demanded draconian provisions in the UAPA be reconsidered and removed. \"When the Bill was being passed in Parliament, the CPM had warned of the consequences of keeping provisions akin to TADA and POTA. Experience has shown the legitimacy of our apprehensions,\" said Karat.After meeting the president, Wasif Haider said, \"CPM is the first political party to take up our cases. They held our hands when we felt deserted by society.\" He was an area sales manager with a multi-national firm when arrested.\"Targetting Muslim youth is a common pattern across the country in Delhi, Mumbai, UP and Karnataka. After acquittal, they are today without jobs, considered unemployable, with uncertain future,\" said Karat.During the 30-minute meeting, Karat gave Mukherjee a list of 22 Muslim youth acquitted in cases terror after years in jail and a report, *Framed, Damed and Acquitted: Dossiers of a Very Special Cell. *Compiled by* *Jamia Teachers Solidarity Association, the report documents 16 cases of people arrested by the Delhi Police Special Cell, but later acquitted.Amir was 18 when he was arrested. He wanted to do a PhD, but now at 32 he is filling forms for a BA through correspondence. He told the president, \"I want to forget the past and start a new life. But, the stigma makes it difficult to lead a normal life.\" He asked the president for compensation and rehabilitation for victims like him.Haider asked the president to instruct the I&B; ministry to frame guidelines for the media. \"I was released in 2009. Yet, some newspapers keep dragging my name whenever a blast occurs. I have filed defamation cases against two Hindi newspapers,\" said Haider. Mukherjee assured the delegation he would look into the matter seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17262912", "title": "Woman slips under train, dies", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In a tragic incident, a 52-year- old woman passenger was killed after she slipped and fell under a train at Duvvada station on Saturday.The victim was identified as P Abbamma. At the time of accident she was at the station along with her husband to board the East Coast Express to go to Rajahmundry. The train moved when she was climbing. She lost balance and slipped from the platform. The woman died on the spot. Government Railway Police (GRP) is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17261784", "title": "Sena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s sons-of-soil card hit Congress base", "text": "MUMBAI: For over four decades, Bal Thackeray had dominated the stage, courting controversy with a blend of regional chauvinism and cultural aggression, and punctuating it with biting, if often crude, humour through editorials in his mouthpiece Saamna. On the demolition of the Babri Masjid , Thackeray famously said, \"If Shiv Sainiks have done it, I am proud of them.\"Thackeray was the eldest son of writer-crusader K S Thackeray, also known as Prabodhankar, for he edited a periodical called Prabodhan (Renaissance). Beginning his career as a cartoonist in the 1950s, he plunged into a nascent statehood movement for Maharashtra. The Sena, which began as an outfit that fought to secure employment opportunities for Maharashtrians in the 1960s, gradually turned into a mainstream party that tasted power for the first time when it swept Mumbai's local body polls in 1985. The use and threat of mob violence became a calling card. There were even whispers about a culture of extortion taking root.But it was Thackeray's stridently nativist sons-of-the-soil agenda that altered the state's political culture and eroded the Congress base. Using aggression to demand job quotas for the working class Mumbaikar Marathi, he built a loyal constituency and acquired near-mythical stature. However, Thackeray continued to be a symbol of social tension for most other communities.The Sena acquired prominence on the national stage when it embraced Hindutva and aligned with the BJP, eventually winning the Maharashtra assembly polls in the charged atmosphere of the mid-90s. Thackeray's stature grew when he spurned public office and installed Manohar Joshi as CM, although he made it known that he would be running the government on \"remote control\". From film-makers to businessmen, Thackeray's approval was considered mandatory.His predilection for rough-and-ready methods showed in the manner in which his government dealt with the growing menace of the Mumbai underworld. During the Sena-BJP regime, nearly one hundred gangsters were gunned down in 'encounters' that were described by then home minister Gopinath Munde as 'necessary' to tackle the deteriorating law and order situation.However, cases for hate speech registered against him in the wake of the 1992 Mumbai riots continued to dog him. He escaped prosecution due to the reluctance shown by successive governments, including the ones headed by the Congress, to grant sanction. But he was banned in 1999 by the Election Commission from voting or contesting in any election for six years for violating the EC code by seeking votes in the name of religion and caste in a bypoll in Mumbai in 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262410", "title": "Play recalls Bangalore's plague of 1898", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as rats are now coming out of garbage heaps in Bangalore and the threat of plague looms large, the city was reminded of the plague of 1898 through 'Pestilences', a play staged here on Friday and Saturday.The play by Vivek V Narayan of Theatre Countertact with Alliance Francaise is inspired by 'The Plague' , a novel by Albert Camus .Just as Vivek was taking up Camus' work for production , actor Syed Ali Kazmi sent him a story about the temple of Plague Amma, Thyagarajanagar. Says Vivek: \"This set me thinking. If Theatre Counteract claims to create socially-relevant progressive performances, doing a faithful adaptation based on a French novel set in Algeria was not the way to go about it. I spoke to Prathamesh Turaga , co-founder of Theatre Counteract, if we could do something to set 'The Plague' in Bangalore.\"(To this day, on Friday in Thyagarajanagar, women make their offerings to the deity at the Raja Rajeshwari or Plague Amma temple.)Prathamesh introduced Vivek to Kishor Bhat, co-editor of 'Bengaluru, Bangalore, Bengaluru' , an archive of the state's history who joined the team as research advisor and costume designer Shubhra Nayar to give the play a 1898 flavour.\"The play now seems more about Bangalore and the plague of 1898 rather than Camus ' novel,\" said Vivek, adding, \"We hope it reminds people of the historic processes the city underwent till it became Bangalore as we know it today.\"Action after attackEpidemic took a huge toll and many temples dedicated to the goddess Mariamma were built during this timeThe crisis helped improve the sanitationTelephone lines laid to help coordinate operationsRegulations for building new houses with proper sanitation facilities came into effectA health officer was appointed in 1898 and the city was divided into four wards for better coordinationVictoria Hospital inaugurated in 1900 by Lord Curzon and the then viceroy and governor general of British India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17262140", "title": "Surat Rough Diamond Sourcing India Limited under attack over Zimbabwe rough diamonds", "text": "SURAT: Surat Rough Diamond Sourcing India Limited (SRDSIL), a diamond consortium set up diamond companies, has come under attack from Partnership Africa Canada (PAC) for allegedly courting diamonds from the controversial Marange diamond fields in Zimbabwe and running a sophisticated price manipulation scheme to deprive the country of millions. Partnership Africa Canada, a Canada-based non-profit organization, works for human rights and to prevent conflict related to natural resource exploitation.In a report released at the recently concluded Zimbabwe Diamond Conference at Victoria Falls on Wednesday, PAC described the Surat-based SRDSIL and its chairman Ashit Mehta as very close to Zimbabwe's mines minister Obert Mpofu. They were successful in signing a deal of $1.2 billion with the Zimbabwean government for the exclusive access to Marange diamonds in 2010. The deal signalled Surat's willingness to court Marange diamonds despite the Kimberley Process (KP) ban in 2010 and associated reputational risks, the report added.The report further stated that majority of Marange diamonds are sold in India for less than $100 per carat, while in the parallel market, the stones fetch more than $100 per carat for the benefit of Zimbabwe's political elite. In recent years the average price of legal Marange goods dropped from US$80-$90 per carat in 2011 to between US$50-$60 per carat in late 2012.Some of this may be legitimately explained by a worldwide drop in rough prices, yet the same goods have been noticed miraculously exiting Dubai trading houses for sister-owned factories in Surat with an average value of US$100-$105 per carat, the PAC report said.Conservative estimates place the theft of Marange goods at almost US$2 billion since 2008. Although the drop in global prices could partly explain why diamond revenue has declined, there is a sophisticated parallel market in Surat selling diamonds for a higher price.SRDSIL recently opened its new office at the World Diamond Centre (WDC) in the diamond hub of Varachha. SRDSIL chairman Ashit Mehta was not available for comments, but a senior member of the company asking anonymity said, \"Zimbabwe goods have been cleared by KP and there is nothing illegal in importing the Marange goods. We are doing good to the small and medium diamantaires who do not have direct access to the rough diamonds in the open market.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17266065", "title": "MF Husain\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s toy story", "text": "He was one of the most celebrated masters of modern Indian art. By now, most of us are familiar with his signature brushstrokes on the canvas. But as the world is discovering now, it's his earliest works of art \u00e2\u20ac\u201d wood-crafted toys for children \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where the legendary painter's style first came to life. A few months back, when the auction house Sotheby's released the catalogue for its New York sale of South Asian Art on September 10, 2012, there were two unusual lots. Those were the wood-sculpted works of art by one of the most famous signatures of Indian art, MF Husain (1917-2011). Popularly referred to as toys, these two lots sold much above their pre-auction estimates, with each fetching $35,000 (approx. 18.85 lakh)! Two more lots of such toys are coming up for an auction closer home very soon. A tabla player and a dholak player in wood will go under the gavel on November 21, at an auction in New Delhi. Siddharth Tagore, the owner of the auction house and Delhi-based gallery Art Konsult, says that the toys are pegged at 10 lakh to 12 lakh, each, but he wouldn't be surprised if they fetched more. \"These toys were consigned to the auction by a lady whose aunt had been gifted these toys by Husain. They had quite a few of those, but only two could be salvaged,\" informs Tagore. Salary jumped from 6 to 300! There must be a slight flutter in the community of collectors who look out for choicest works by top artists. Toys by MF Husain are one of the rarest works by the late artist to appear on the circuit. The otherwise prolific artist made very few wooden toys and they belong to a period in his career when he was struggling in his profession. According to the Sotheby's catalogue notes on the toys, 'In 1942, Husain's first son Shafat was born. In need of a regular job, he quit painting cinema hoardings and began working at the Fantasy Furniture Shop, Mumbai, as a furniture and toy designer. There, he became popular for his imaginative and beautiful concepts. With the birth of his daughter Raisa, he also began designing wooden toys. Husain worked with the furniture shop for six years, a period during which his salary increased from 6 to 300! He continued making toys even after he quit the job in 1947. In 1975, Husain tried again to recreate the magic of the wooden toys, using styrofoam...' Lost forever? Even experts in the field don't know how many of those toys Husain made. In fact, it's wellknown in the circuit that quite a few owners of those toys didn't really know the worth of what they had junked in their attics. Resultantly, some toys may have been damaged beyond redemption or simply lost. Ashish Anand of the Delhi Art Gallery, who bought the two toys at the Sotheby's auction, says, \"The two that I bought are rarer still, as they are in excellent condition and are larger than most other toys that Husain made.\" The toys, titled 'Bullock Cart' and 'Tonga', came to the auction table from the private archives of Abe and Jan Weisblat. Abe Weisblat had moved to Mumbai in 1953 on a Ford Foundation fellowship, befriended modern Indian artists and built a substantial collection of Indian art. Anand has six Husain toys in his collection now, which could be called a substantial number given the rarity of the work. For an eye trained in the arts, the most striking thing about the toys is the shapes of the figures, and of course, the brushstrokes that point towards the style that Husain was to eventually develop for his canvases. The Kiran Nadar Museum of Art, New Delhi, is also presently showcasing a Husain toy among his other art works. The museum's director Roobina Karode says, \"The elimination of minute surface details made him focus on the overall structure of the form. Interestingly, Husain's early paintings resonate with a similar formal vocabulary of simple angular forms infused with dramatic colours and charged with new meanings.\" A collector's item worth lakhs now Art critic and historian Kishore Singh says that those works of art were not necessarily toys but emerged out as embellishments for children's nurseries. \"As far as the style of wooden works of art is concerned, you start seeing his involvement with Indian music and dance and see the seed of what eventually appeared in his paintings much later.\" Singh believes that given the rarity of the art works, there will be a lot of pressure on the collectors to acquire them. \"These toys have been around for so long but had not caught the eye of collectors. Now that the market is beginning to look at them, even those who have the toys, but have not preserved them, will try and resuscitate them to life.\" If for nothing else, the toys deserve a special mention as they offer a look on what an Indian child played with before factory-produced toys took over the market, obliterating the hand-crafted ones. That the ones in circulation were made by Husain is a million-dollar bonus. archana.khare@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "17260219", "title": "Firecracker row flares into a riot", "text": "NADIAD: A tiff over firecrackers ignited a riot between two communities in Kanjari village in Nadiad during the festivities. The incident occurred near Dholeshwar Mahadev temple, where a few youths were setting off firecrackers in a small open area. Some members of another community asked them to move to a different location.Arguments heated up and some members of one community resorted to stone throwing. Police have named 18 people who they say were involved in the incident, which did not result in any injuries. After sensing that another flare-up was not unlikely, the local police have posted 18 SRP constables and 15 constables from Chaklasi police station at the site of the incident.DSP Makrand Chauhan said that he has increased patrolling in the area. \"The election commission is keeping a close watch on such skirmishes. We have to be extra careful here,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17260870", "title": "Gurdwara Act row: Sheila Dikshit dares Parkash Singh Badal to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcleash her\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: The face-off between Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit over the management of Delhi gurdwara affairs escalated on Saturday, with the latter daring Badal to \"try leashing her\" for her government's decision to amend the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Act 1971 to allow direct election to the post of president.A furious Badal had on Friday called up and shot off missives to PM Manmohan Singh and Delhi LG Tejendra Khanna, seeking a \"leash on Dikshit-led Delhi government\" and action against those who had attacked the SAD(B) leaders and workers at Gurdwara Rakabganj Sahib on Thursday.Speaking exclusively to TOI on Saturday, Dikshit said, \"Put me on leash if you want Mr Badal. The Cabinet has already cleared the amendment. It will be sent to the ministry of home affairs and I will personally make sure that the Act is ready by December. There shouldn't be any uncertainty and ambiguity on this\".Dikshit's visit to Ludhiana comes two days after clashes between two rival Sikh factions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Delhi unit of SAD (Badal) and Paramjit Sarna-led camp \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee meeting at the Rakabganj gurdwara.The melee at the 229-year-old gurdwara near the Parliament, that ensued for 30 minutes, had left at least eight people critically injured as the groups used sticks, stones and kripans against each other. The clashes fuelled the tension simmering since October 9 when the Delhi cabinet proposed to raise the tenure of the governing council of Delhi's gurdwaras from two years to four years through the Gurdwara Act amendment (2012). The same amendment also provides for direct election to the post of DSGMC president.In his letter, the Punjab CM had also urged the Centre \"to stop Delhi government from going ahead with its dangerous move to interfere in the religious affairs of the Sikh community\".Dikshit said she had not been briefed on the contents of Badal's letter. \" Mr Badal is free to write to whoever he wants. My suggestion to him is that he should not interfere in elections which are not taking place in his state,\" she added. She also hit out at the opposition, saying many amendments were made to the 1971 Act even by the BJP-led government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267405", "title": "And what\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcleftover\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 exactly?", "text": "Leftover women. A term so derogatory and insulting that one squirms at its very mention. It's a phenomenon that emerged out of China, when in 2007, the All-China Women's Federation anointed unmarried women over the age of 27 as Sheng Nu or 'leftover women'. Does such a parallel exist in India too?Thankfully, we've don't have such an official slur as yet but, yes , Indians do reserve the same disrespect and suspicion for women who don't get married at the 'right age'. That's true of the hinterland as well as urban India. Komal Yadav, a 38-year-old executive with an auto major in Chennai, says her status as an unmarried woman forced her to relocate from her home town in Indore. \"I was content working there but it increasingly became difficult for me to socialize. My relatives didn't have anything else to ask but why I wasn't getting married,\" she says. When a job offer came from Chennai two years back, she took it up as an escape. \"Over the years, even my friends started keeping me out of their get-togethers. They felt I was incomplete and had nothing in common with their complete lives.\"Chennai, however, offered Yadav only a partial reprieve. \"My colleagues don't ask meddlesome questions and are very friendly in office but tend to distance themselves from me at social gatherings if accompanied by their wives,\" she adds.While Yadav had only this social annoyance to deal with, 32-year-old Anju Kohli's non-marital status almost makes her feel as if she's afflicted with a malaise. \"The ostracism I face is not funny. A teenaged niece told me a few months back that her parents had asked her not to bond with me much as they feared she too would end up being unattached due to my evil influence. My cousins keep fixing matches for me because they say Indian society is unsafe for unmarried women,\" says this assistant professor in a Lucknow college. She however, doesn't intend to tie the knot till she finishes her Ph D. \"It's a decision I've taken for my professional growth and I don't see why it should make me a pariah,\" laments Kohli.Education, professional growth and increased freedom to exercise their individuality \u00e2\u20ac\u201d these hallmarks of a modern Indian woman have also changed the very concept of marriage, says Dr Jitendra Nagpal, incharge of the Institute of Mental Health and Life Skills Promotion at Moolchand Medcity, Delhi. \"Urban educated women are an extremely empowered category and it's common to come across women in their 30s pursuing higher education , not just in metros but even in small towns,\" he says. Even those from moffusil towns are very clear about what they want from life, he says. \"They want to build their careers and marry only when they are ready for it, not to fulfill a social obligation.\" But he rues the fact that even as parents are giving their daughters the power of education and the freedom to choose their professions, they are uneasy when it comes to marriage. Indian society's preconceived ideas and nervousness about the right age for a girl to get married are deep-rooted social truths that go back centuries.Rama Rao, a 45-year-old professor of sociology in a reputed university in Karnataka, says that it stems from the age-old belief that a woman's sexuality needs to be reined in by marrying her off early. \"It's an important trait of a male-dominated society and that's what we are even today.\"The very fact that Rao and the other women quoted here wanted to remain anonymous is an important pointer towards society's attitude towards unmarried women. Rao didn't share her reasons for remaining single, but says she had to face a lot of flak for not getting hitched. It didn't matter that she was a successful professional. \"It will take a few generations for our society to become comfortable with women who don't see marriage as an end in itself,\" adds Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17262411", "title": "'Science helps us all, brings equality'", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a gathering of a different kind at the Indian Institute of Science on Saturday. An interaction where a Nobel laureate, not in science, but a peace prize winner, was asking questions to scientists.\"I would like to know what inspired your love for science and how you can contribute to help develop your society and country,\" asked Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi to an audience comprising mostly of scientists and other dignitaries.The pro-democracy leader won the audience's hearts when she said, \"Science is one of the greatest gifts to mankind as it brings about equality , since all scientific laws remain the same regardless of region.\" Amid rounds of applause, she deliberated on the need to marry science with development, progress and humanity.\"The teaching of science has deteriorated in Myanmar during the past few decades. We are looking to develop in this field so that the country progresses quickly,\" added the 67-year-old chair person of National League for Democracy (NLD).While adding that democracy may not be a solution to all of Myanmar's problems, Suu Kyi was hopeful it would give people an opportunity to use it well for themselves. \"We (Myanmarese) have been given this opportunity (democracy). We should use it in the best way possible ,\" she added.Suu Kyi also justified her calls for more troops in west Myanmar, currently torn by communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims . Order can be restored in West Myanmar only by the rule of law, she said. \"The wounds of violence take time to heal. So, the only way to bring about peace and stability is through rule of law that recognizes human rights,\" said Suu Kyi, who had earlier in November asked for more troops to be sent to the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260051", "title": "Red Ribbon Express to arrive on November 19", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration and the health department had planned to launch awareness campaigns about Red Ribbon Express, an exhibition train on HIV/AIDS, that will arrive in the city on Monday.Mass campaigns like street plays, folk dances and songs asking people to visit Red Ribbon Express (RRE) will be held. RRE is travelling across the country to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS and arrive at Kanpur Central Railway Station on November 19.Red Ribbon Express comprises eight AC coaches and is being operatedl under the joint auspices of Union ministry of health and family welfare and UP government.Slated to cover 162 stations across 23 states of the country, the Red Ribbon Express has schedule to pass through 22 districts of Uttar Pradesh. The train would stay here for the next two days. This train had also visited other big cities like Allahabad and Varanasi.With two days left for the arrival of HIV/AIDS Expresss, the health department has planned to introduce two mobilized IEC (information, education and communication) vans to motivate rural folks to visit Red Ribbon Express.According to the health department officials, the purpose of the van is to inform people hailing from rural background about the symptoms, treatment and prevention of HIV/AIDS.\"Apart from city areas like Gumti, Kalyanpur, Naubasta, the van will also cover all the 10 rural blocks of the district in the coming four days,\" informed Dr GS Bajpai, district tuberculosis officer (DTO).The van with a special team of doctors will visit educational institutes to motivate students and others to visit the Red Ribbon Express.The health department has also put up hoardings at prominent spots to create RRE awareness. Special shorts films have also prepared to be shown in cinema halls.As many as 35,000 students are expected to visitors RRE in two days.Chief medical officer RP Yadav said that the specially designed Red Ribbon Express has four exhibition coaches with exhibits on HIV/Aids and National Rural Health Mission. NRHM exhibits are on tuberculosis, malaria , reproductive and child health services, general health and hygiene.People are being educated through the IEC vans, disseminating information on HIV/Aids through exhibitions and folk performances.\"This eight-coach train will be opened for public from 9:30am till evening. The first three coaches would contain information on HIV/AIDS. Coach number four would give information on the National Rural Health Mission. Coach number five has been reserved for giving training to people. About 60 people can be given training at a time. In coach number six, counselling would be given to people,\" CMO added.For the training and counseling sessions, special teams of doctors along with socialites, teachers, industrialists and people from all walks of life had been prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264008", "title": "Humour does not mean hitting below the belt: Shabbir", "text": "\"Humour in songs does not necessarily mean hitting below the belt. There is a difference between being comic and vulgar and you would never see me crossing that line,\" says lyricist Shabbir Ahmed who's riding high on the appreciation received for his song 'Pon Pon, Pon Pon' from the film 'Son of Sardar'.Shabbir who has given some soul stirring lyrics like Teri Meri Prem Kahani for Bodyguard and Khudaya for film Luck , says \"that it is easy to pen songs full of shayari while comic songs are difficult to create. The sense of timing with the correct usage of words that do not jar sensibilities, essential in a comic song, take time to come up while emotional songs are an easy affair. It is a wrong plea given by lyricist that meaningful lyrics do not sell but what happening instead is that supply is less than the demand . Lyricist are not able to give meaningful songs though the listeners are craving for it,\" says Shabbir who has several projects lined up which includes K Ravi Kumar's Swami , starring Sanjay Dutt and Prachi Desai , Khiladi 786 with Akshay Kumar , Neeraj Pandey directed Special 26 Akshay Kumar and Kajol in the lead to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17261690", "title": "Nagathihalli wins Karnatakataka Rajyotsava award", "text": "MANGALORE: Writer and award winning filmmaker Nagathihalli Chandrashekar has been selected for MRPL Karnataka Rajyotsava Award -2012. PP Upadhya, managing director, Mangalore Refineries and Petrochemicals Ltd and Vishnu Agrawal, director (finance), MRPL, will present the award which carries a cash prize of Rs 25,000 and a citation, to Nagathihalli Chandrashekar at a function as part of Nada Habba-2012 on November 18. Karnataka Rajyotsava award has been conferred on personalities like M Mahadevappa, Jayant Kaikini, Amrut Someshwar, Balipa Narayana Bhagawat and Srinath Marathe. MRPL has been observing Karnataka Rajyotsava since several years and has been promoting Kannada culture and language through various activities. Many competitions will be held for employees and their family members in connection with the event. The programme will be followed by a fusion concert 'Raga Ranjini' by Praveen Godkhindi and team", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260256", "title": "Fear &amp; violence empty out streets", "text": "MUMBAI: The passing away of Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray on Saturday spread a wave of fear and anxiety in Mumbai as well as its neighbouring areas which was followed by outbursts of sporadic violence.Panic-struck Mumbaikars scrambled home while shops and cinemas quickly downed shutters. By late evening, reports filtered in about miscreants intimidating citizens, threatening shopkeepers and, in some cases, vandalizing property in Mumbai, Thane and Dombivli.The Mumbai police issued an advisory, asking people to step out only in an emergency. Motorists were told to avoid the western express highway and the route from Bandra to Dadar, which is a Sena stronghold. Mumbai police chief Satyapal Singh, incidentally, cancelled his daughter's wedding reception to be held on Sunday at SRPF Ground, Goregaon.On Saturday, the haste to get out of harm's way created gridlocks at several spots. Both the arterial S V Road and western express highway were packed with vehicles late in the evening.At Dadar railway station, worried commuters pushed each other and nearly created a stampede; only the presence of policemen in large numbers at the entrance prevented a mishap. Food stalls at the station were shut, making it difficult for passengers to purchase food and water.\"Barring a few chemists shops, everyone was asked to shut down,\" said the owner of a chemist store in Dadar (W).Youths on bikes, believed to be Sena activists, moved around Dadar and Parel, to ensure no shop stayed open. \"They threatened us to shut shop for the next two-three days,\" said a shopkeeper.Hooligans ran across Bandra's Turner Road, forcing showrooms shut and smashing the neon signs of a store. They also ransacked a tobacconist's stall, leaving the owner to pick up the pieces from the midst of whizzing traffic. At Evershine Nagar, Malad (West), two men on a bike stopped at a popular salon and screamed at the staff for remaining open. The APMC market in Navi Mumbai too was locked up.The BEST curtailed its bus operations following stone-pelting incidents at Pant Nagar in Ghatkopar, Pratiksha Nagar, Kamothe (Navi Mumbai) and Naupada (Thane). However, no one was injured. \"Angry mobs entered our bus stations and depots, and threatened us to halt operations. Mobs stopped buses from operating at Vaishali Nagar in Mulund (West), Ketipada in Bhandup, Sewri bus station, Kandivli bus station, Shivaji Nagar and Malvani, among other places,\" a BEST spokesperson stated. \"The police too requested BEST depot managers to stop bus operations in sensitive pockets.\"By late evening, 1 lakh autos and 30,000 taxis disappeared from the streets. The prepaid counters at the domestic and international airports too were shut down.Passengers were stranded at the airports and outside railway stations like Dadar, Bandra and Kurla. Buses arranged by Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd provided some relief to flyers. Lights at the airport were dimmed and the food court outside the arrival hall at the domestic terminal shut at the instance of Sena unions.An MSRTC official said long-distance buses were operational. Most of them were in fact packed with Sainiks arriving in Mumbai from other parts of Maharashtra.The 246 petrol pumps in the city dispensing petrol, diesel and CNG were shut by 5pm. Cinema halls cancelled all shows after 6pm; many refunded tickets. S Malkar, manager at Shivaji Mandir theatre in Dadar, said, \"We cancelled shows since Thursday, but had one on Saturday evening. But after news of Balasaheb's demise reached us, we stopped it mid-way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262984", "title": "Dara accused's murder: Cops still groping in the dark", "text": "JAIPUR: The police are still groping in the dark about the whereabouts of suspects behind the murder of 50-year-old Vijay Kumar Choudhary, who was the only absconding accused in the Dara Singh encounter case. Teams continued to raid several places in Sikar, Churu and Haryana's Narnaul, but success eluded them. Police are said to have detained some criminals and their interrogation is on.Choudhary's body was found with bullet injuries on the head in Churu's Ratangarh area on Thursday morning. The police sources said that Choudhary was kidnapped from Haryana's Narnaul area in an SUV by at least six persons on Wednesday. Names of some suspects, including Anil alias Pandya, Ramlal Jat and Pappu alias Pappiya had come up during preliminary investigation.\"The scope of investigation is quite big and there are several aspects we are probing right now. So to say anything concrete is not possible. We have a team camping in Narnaul and some places in Churu and Sikar are also being raided,\" said SP, Churu, Omprakash.The officer added that no identified name of accused has been included in the FIR lodged by Choudhary's brother Ashok on Thursday.IG, Bikaner Range, Govind Gupta also held a meeting of police officers at Ratangarh police station.He told media persons after the meeting that police are not in a situation to confirm the identity of those who may have been involved in Choudhary's killing.A team comprising an addl SP, two DySPs, six inspectors and 10 sub inspectors have been constituted to probe the matter.The police had rounded up Manoj, Mahipal and Dinesh, two of Choudhary's relatives, after the body was recovered on Thursday.They had reportedly revealed the names of Anil alias Pandya, Ramlal Jat and Pappu alias Pappiya during questioning. They had told the police that Choudhary was taken to an undisclosed location from Narnaul where he was shot dead. His body was later dumped near Churu's Ratangarh town. It was recovered on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260071", "title": "IIM-ites smile amid job market gloom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Coming events cast their shadows before. The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) has completed its summer placement process in record time this year reviving hopes that the gloom is starting to lift from the job market.The premier B-school had planned to wrap up the placements by November 19, but completed it on November 16 as recruiters hired in larger numbers than expected. Other IIMs too saw record hiring for summer internships and a rise in stipends by 20%. More than 130 firms, including World Bank, PricewaterhouseCoopers, KPMG, Cleartrip, Zovi, L'oreal, Wipro Consumer Care, participated in IIM-A. Director Samir Barua said, \"Placements getting over in the third cluster itself comes as a big surprise considering the weak job market. It is an indicator of better things to come during final placements.\"In 2010, IIM-A moved away from the spot-offer and day-zero system to the more student-friendly cohort system, when companies offering similar roles form groups instead of visiting the campus randomly on any day \u00e2\u20ac\u201d spot offers means if a student who already has an offer in hand should opt out of the placements. \"Despite fears that students may not get the desired offers, the present batch was placed after the third cluster. Two students from the previous batch, who failed in their exams, were the last to be placed on Friday,\" said a member of the placement committee at IIM-A.Several students chose to intern with start-ups this year. Siddharth Shah, an IIM-A alumnus, who came as a recruiter for his online pharmacy and healthcare, store recruited two interns.In a first, IIM, Lucknow declined offers from 40-odd firms as all its students were placed in five-and-a-half days. Its recruitment coordinator Nitin K V said, \"We got a record 500 offers from 220 firms for summer internships.\"IIM, Calcutta placed 466 students in four days compared to last year's five days while IIM, Kozhikode placed all 366 students within a record of 25 days compared with 308 students in 43 days last year. IIM, Bangalore too set a new record with its students getting 265 offers in two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17262698", "title": "Tibetan arrested for residing without registration", "text": "SHIMLA: A Tibetan national was arrested from Hamirpur for residing without mandatory registration certificate and for obtaining Indian voter I-card and ration card posing as an Indian citizen. The arrest has once again exposed how Tibetan refugees are using fraudulent ways of becoming Indian ctizens.The arrested Tibetan national has been identified as Konchok Tsering, who was residing in Hamirpur for the past 5-6 years as Sohan Singh while for the past 17 years he was residing in the state without getting his registration certificate renewed. Tsering was running a Chinese fast food shop right in front of Deputy Commissioner's office in Hamirpur. Police has registered a case under Section 420 of IPC and Foreigners Act against him.Hamirpur SP Madhusudan Sharma said the accused had managed to get voter I-card and ration card. \"How he managed documents are being investigated,\" he said. Police had produced arrested accused before the court on Friday from where he was sent in judicial remand till November 19.According to cops, Tsering was living with his family in Kullu and in 1994 his registration certificate was made, but he had not renewed it since 1995 while for foreigners annual registration of this certificate is must as per the law, cops said.Cops said in 2006, Kullu police had announced him an offender and had even informed Tibetan welfare office at Kullu and had even issued a notice to this effect. This is not the first time when Tibetan nationals have come under scanner for their suspicious activities. In his detailed report on benami land deals submitted to state government recently one-man commission of Justice (retd) D P Sood had observed, \"They seem to expand in villages, towns and cities, at least, in the state of Himachal Pradesh as is apparent from the transactions of land transferred by the individual Tibetans involved in the cases being considered by this commission as also having already been considered by the collectors of districts throughout the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17259783", "title": "Devotees to throng Sun temples", "text": "PATNA: Come Chhath, the only Vedic festival, also known as Surya Sasthi, and all the temples dedicated to the Sun God in Bihar - i.e. Devaark, Deokund and Umga in Aurangabad district, Baraark in Nalanda district, Punyaark in Patna district and Dakshinaark and Uttaraark in Gaya district - witness a heavy surge of devotees to pay obeisance to the setting and rising Sun.The Punyaark Sun temple at Pandarak in Patna district, said to have been constructed by Lord Krishna's son Sambha in Dwaparyuga, is one of the favourite venues for Chhath devotees. Throughout the year, the temple is open for worship, but the crowd is largest during Chhath, when devotees seek His blessings for health, wealth and prosperity. A majestic temple made wholly of marble and dedicated to the Sun God at Pandarak stands on the bank of the Ganga. The temple has a Surya hawan kund and Surya Yantra, the symbol of the Sun God, and the main puja is performed here. Besides, an idol of the Sun God on a chariot with seven galloping horses in black sandstone, finds a pride of place. Chief priest Kapildeo Pathak says, \"Apart from the daily puja, a special shringar of the Surya devta is done during Chhath.\"People from far and near also visit the famed Deo Sun temple as well as Deokund and Umga in Aurangabad district during Chhath to pray to Aditya or Sun God. There are three statues of Sun god inside the temple which represent morning, afternoon and evening. Unlike other Sun temples, this is the only temple which faces west and is one of the most sacred places for pilgrimage.Chhath devotees also throng Baraark or Baragaon Sun Temple in Nalanda district, located beside a huge pond known as Surya Kundor Dakshina Manas. Baraark is also considered as a Suryapeeth.On the banks of the Niranjana in Gaya lie two temples - Dakshinaark and Uttaraark - dedicated to Surya. Facing east, the Dakshinaark temple stands close to the Vishnupad temple. Architecturally simple with a dome over it, Dakshinaark has a comparatively larger sabha mandap standing in front of the sanctum sanctorum. Massive pillars line the mandap with beautiful stone idols of Surya, Shiva, Brahma, Vishnu and Durga. The chief priest of the temple, Sadanand Gurda, says, \"Everyday, about 200 people visit this temple to pay obeisance to Surya devta. The number of devotees increases manifold during Pitrapaksha, Chaiti and Kartik Chhath.\"The Kandaha Sun temple of Saharsa is another spot the devotees throng to offer arghya to the Sun God. Situated over a relatively moderate mound, it was built by a devotee, Vamshadhara, in 1435 under the renowned ruler of Mithila, Narasimhadeva of Kamata dynasty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17267133", "title": "Rs 13 cr indoor stadium to come up in Jammu", "text": "JAMMU: To promote the sporting culture in the state, the Jammu and Kashmir government has decided to develop an indoor stadium here at a cost of Rs 13 crores.\"An indoor stadium is also coming up adjacent to MA Stadium in Jammu winter capital city for which an amount of Rs 13 crore has been allocated,\" Minister for Medical Education, Youth Services and Sports RS Chib said here.The Union Government was mulling to include the marks obtained in sport activities in the overall percentage of the student, he said while adding that the state had taken various steps for upgrading sports infrastructure.Highlighting the importance of sports, the minister said it plays a vital role in shaping the personality of the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17260874", "title": "Smog delays Sheila Dikshit's flight to Punjab", "text": "LUDHIANA: A private Ludhiana trip by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit in a chartered flight along with a leading telecom industrialist family became the flashpoint of the ongoing pollution slugfest between Delhi and Punjab when the plane was delayed by nearly three hours on Saturday.The private Bombardier BD-700 Global Express, which was initially scheduled to arrive at 9.45am, landed at 12:24pm due to low visibility, said the ATC operator at Halwara airport managed by the Indian Air Force.Dikshit, who was supposed to first visit a school for underprivileged kids at Mohi near Halwara, skipped the event and directly rushed to Nehru Sidhant Kender Trust, managed by the industrialist family.At the end of her meeting, while addressing reporters, Dikshit reasoned her delay due to smog which is allegedly caused by paddy stubble burning in Punjab.\"Now, I completely believe what Nasa experts found out on burning of paddy straw in Punjab. In their own state, there is so much smoke and pollution that our flight was held up for so long before we got clearance from the Halwara airport,\" she remarked.Dikshit, who holds the environment portfolio, also said her government had enough facts to present a case in the apex court that the smog crisis in Delhi was not because of vehicular pollution. On November 9, the Supreme Court had expressed concern over the rising pollution and smog in Delhi and asked the government to find ways to deal with it. However, Dikshit had blamed Punjab and UP for the pollution in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261394", "title": "Internet cafes become facilitation centres", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The internet cafes, once the centers of attraction for net savvy and educated youth, are now getting transformed into online facilitation centers to attract the aged customers. Nearly half of the internet cafes in the city have already adapted to the changing situations to transform as e-passport helpline centers and e-filing centers offering assistance e-illeterate persons.\"The change was drastic. Earlier, only youngsters came here for browsing the net. Now not many of our customers belong to the below 35 age group,\" said K P Narayanan, operator of Cafe Solutions internet cafe.With easy accessibility of internet connection at home, institutions and work places the number of youngsters approaching the internet cafes dropped.According to cafe owners, youngsters do not require their service. \"However, the middle aged and aged, especially socially and economically backward families, are approaching us with the request to help them to e-file their application forms. E-krishi and e-commerce are also attracting many middle aged persons to our cafes, which have changed their face as facilitation centres,\" said a cafe owner.E-filing introduced by government departments and online application facility for availing passport has helped the owners to survive. Besides, the government decision to allot various central and state government projects through Akshaya Centres has also inspired many internet cafe owners to transmute their cafe to Akshaya centre.\"Government is allotting UID enrolment, e-district project, RSBY registration and many other projects to Akshaya,\"said T Rajan, who has transformed his internet cafe to an Akshaya centre. \"Over 200 internet cafes operate in the city of which nearly 100 have already adapted the changes,\" he said adding that a few who were yet to identify the changing trend were on the verge of closure.The commencement of passport seva kendras have also helped the internet cafe owners to earn a good living. \"Earlier, many persons used to extend paid assistance to the applicants for manually filling their passport application forms near the passport office at Eranjipalam. But the situation has changed now. Computer centres at West Hill are now offering paid assistance to those who reach the passport seva kendra for filing online application,\" said P Remya, staff of an online passport application filing centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264093", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s inspiring to do better: Archita Sahoo", "text": "After the announcement of the 23rd State Odia Film Award 2011, the celebs share their reactionsIt's inspiring to do better: Archita Sahoo \"I was really excited after I got the news. There were Kebe Tame Nahan Kebe Mun Nahin, Thukul and Chocolate , for which I was hopeful. And I'm happy to have bagged the award. Though this was not a competition, getting recognition is inspiring for an artiste,\" said Archita Sahoo who won the State Odia Film Award 2011 for Best Actor (Female) for her role in Chocolate .I was expecting national recognition: Siddhant Mohapatra \"I have also won awards earlier but for not for art films. This was the first time I worked in an arthouse film and got recognition. I was actually expecting a National recognition. The movie Eka Eka was also sent for National Awards selections. Anyway it got the State award and I am happy for that. I was very sad when we had to wrap up the film and wished we could spend some more time with the team. It was a wonderful experience and credit goes to Subash Das, the director and producer of the movie. And for the growth of our film industry, some producers should come up who take their work seriously and are true professionals. There must be a proper system of releasing movies. It shouldn't be like four movies releasing at the same time and incur losses,\" said Siddhant Mohapatra who won the State Odia Film Award 2011 for Best Actor (Male) for his role in Eka Eka.Never make films to win awards: Prashant Nanda \"It came as a surprise and I am very happy. Whenever I have made films, be it an art film or a commercial, people have recognized it. I never make films to get an award. Rather it's what my family and I live for. I enjoy making films and Thukul was one of them. But, I have to say that, our film industry is currently facing the crisis of cinema halls and it's high time that we should take a note of it. Sales avenues for films must increase. While multiplexes may work to bring the elite viewers back to watch Odia cinemas, the idea to increase the number of cinema halls in the state would actually give impetus to our industry,\" said Prashant Nanda who won the State Odia Film Award 2011 for Best Director and Story Writer for Thukul.As told to Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260466", "title": "IGMCH stops use of polio meds that allegedly killed infant", "text": "NAGPUR: The use of the entire batch of medicines that allegedly caused the death of a two and a half month old child at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGMCH) has been discontinued. Samples of the medicine have been collected by the officials of Food and Drug Administration (FDA), who will conduct an independent enquiry into the matter. The hospital has also formed a committee to investigate the matter.On Wednesday, when little Ashutosh Gujar passed away at the hospital an hour after being administered polio vaccine, his parents blamed the medication for their child's death. The hospital administration, however, maintained that the child had meningitis and an episode of seizure may have caused him to ingest his vomit, causing the death. Also, they said the picture would be cleared only after the post mortem report was released.FDA authorities collected samples of the medicine from the hospital as well as the supplier. \"The samples have been sent for testing at the government laboratory at Kasoli, Uttarakhand with a request to provide the information as soon as possible,\" said Amrut Nikhade, assistant commissioner of FDA (drugs). An order has also been issued to the hospital authorities to stop the use of the whole batch of medicines until the reports come, he added.The hospital, meanwhile, has set up an internal enquiry committee. \"Even before the FDA directive, we had stopped using medicines from that batch as a precautionary measure. Also, we had informed the supplier of the situation,\" said superintendent of the hospital Dr Rajesh Gosavi. The committee consists of Dr Gosavi, head of the PSM department and former superintendent Dr Mohan Khamgaonkar, head of the forensic department Dr Ajay Keoliya and head of the paediatric department Dr Archana Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261378", "title": "Mines hit jumbo corridor in Keonjhar: Survey", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state forest department has refuted a study by a central institute, which has blamed excessive mining in Keonjhar's Joda-Barbil area for disturbing the three-km Karo-Karampada elephant corridor.In a draft report submitted to Orissa State Pollution Control Board (OSPCB), the Ahmedabad-based Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) mentioned that elephant population between Tholkobad and Toda reserve forests was affected due to disturbances caused by settlers and mining activities. The pollution control board had engaged CEPT to launch a \"carrying capacity\" survey in the region.\"Elephant deaths have shown an increasing trend. Most of the deaths are due to accidents and poaching. There was an alarming increase in elephant deaths due to diseases. This can be attributed to increased pollution as well as encroachment and fragmentation of their habitat,\" the draft report said.The draft report also mentioned: \"Threats to the elephants are being caused by expansion of SAIL township, mining areas, heavy traffic and activities of mining machineries and railway line.\"Karo-Karampada corridor connects Sidhamata reserve forest in Keonjhar district to Karampada reserve forest of Saranda division in Jharkhand. On an average, about 50 elephants use the corridor.Principal chief conservator of forest J D Sharma, however, refuted the report on mining activities disturbing the elephant corridor. \"Forest clearance is given keeping in mind the habitat of wild animals. The corridor is safe and intact and elephants move safely and freely,\" he said.Keonjhar's assistant conservator of forest S Samanta admitted to large number of elephant deaths in Barbil and Champua ranges near Karo-Karampada corridor, but ruled out mining activities as the reason.\"According to our records, 19 elephants have died in the region since 2005. Most of the deaths reported were due to diseases and accident,\" said Samanta.Forest officials said the movement of elephants from Jharkhand varies from season to season. Normally, between September and December, large number of herds move towards Karo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "the 232nd raising day of the corps of engineers, including military engineering service (mes), military survey and border roads organisation (bro), was celebrated with enthusiasm in lucknow cantonment on saturday. a solemn wreath laying ceremony to pay tributes to all those unknown martyrs who laid down their lives in the defence of their beloved motherland was held at 'smritika', the central command war memorial. in his message to all serving and retired personnel of corps of engineers and their families major general vm tandon has extended his heartfelt greetings and felicitations to all ranks of the corps and their families.he called on all the personnel of corps of engineers to rededicate themselves in the service of their beloved motherland. the corps has a long glorious history of achievements spanning over more than two centuries. true to their motto 'sarvatra', the corps of engineers have seen actions in every sphere and activity both during war and peace. a social get-together for serving and retired officers and their families will be also organised on sunday at the engineers officer's mess and a barakhana for all ranks, ex-servicemen, civilian and their families were other highlight of the celebrations.help weak, urges usmani", "code": "17261828", "title": "232nd Raising Day of Corps of Engrs celebrated", "text": "The 232nd Raising Day of the Corps of Engineers, including Military Engineering Service (MES), Military Survey and Border Roads Organisation (BRO), was celebrated with enthusiasm in Lucknow Cantonment on Saturday. A solemn wreath laying ceremony to pay tributes to all those unknown martyrs who laid down their lives in the defence of their beloved motherland was held at 'Smritika', the Central Command War Memorial. In his message to all serving and retired personnel of Corps of Engineers and their families Major General VM Tandon has extended his heartfelt greetings and felicitations to all ranks of the Corps and their families.He called on all the personnel of Corps of Engineers to rededicate themselves in the service of their beloved motherland. The Corps has a long glorious history of achievements spanning over more than two centuries. True to their motto 'Sarvatra', the Corps of Engineers have seen actions in every sphere and activity both during war and peace. A social get-together for serving and retired officers and their families will be also organised on Sunday at the Engineers Officer's mess and a barakhana for all ranks, ex-servicemen, civilian and their families were other highlight of the celebrations.Help weak, urges Usmani: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani while speaking at a function organised by Poornanand Tiwari Sansthan at Rajkiya Inter College on Saturday said that helping weak, orphans and helpless old people is a noble work. He said that every person apart from discharging his/her responsibilities should come forward to ensure his/her participation in social activities. He said that it is also the responsibility of social organisations to extend their cooperation in benefiting more and more people with people welfare schemes being run by the government. On this occasion, 600 students of the college were vaccinated against hepatitis-B free of costwhile uniforms were distributed to 213 studentsSeventh anniversary: Sahara Ganj, the shopping mall of Lucknow, celebrated its seventh anniversary on Saturday with the underprivileged children of NC Chaturvedi Deaf and Dumb School. The anniversary of this favourite destination for shopping and excursion of Lucknowites was marked by cutting the cake in the august presence of OP Srivastava, deputy managing worker, Sahara India Pariwar. On this occasion, packets of groceries were distributed to 30 underprivileged children of NC Chaturvedi Deaf and Dumb School.This carnival is organised in association with The Times of India. The main attraction of the festival will be fancy dress competition and painting competition which will be held on weekends.International Student's Day observed: International Student's Day was observed at 11 Gorkha Rifles Regimental Centre (11GRRC) in Lucknow cantonment on Saturday. Approximately 200 children from St Paul's School, Lucknow were invited to witness 'the soldier's life in a day' at 11 GRRC. Activities commenced with the attestation parade of 43 recruits, who pledged to serve the nation with honour and pride.During the attestation parade, reviewed by Colonel AK Punia, officiating Commandant, 11 GRRC, rifleman Sandip Rai was awarded the overall 'Best recruit' and presented with the traditional 'Golden Khukri' while rifleman Prashana Tamang was adjudged 'Best in weapon training', rifleman Saroj Lama 'Best in individual physical efficiency test', rifleman Ajbin Subba 'Best in Drill', rifleman Prabesh Tamang 'Best in sports', rifleman Sanjeep Subba 'Best in Baynot fighting' and rifleman Abhishek Rai 'Best in theory'. International Student's Day' is observed every year on November 17 to commemorate the Nazi atrocities against the Czechoslovakian universities and colleges in Prague in 1939, which was strongly opposed by the student communities all over the world.World Epileptic Day: To mark the celebration of World Epileptic Day on November 17, Nirvan- a social welfare organisation conducted a drawing competition at its Balloons Home for mentally challenged orphans situated at Surya City, Takrohi. In the competition all the children participated and showed their drawing as well as colouring prowess. Some children drew fruits like mango, apple while some flowers and then coloured them with different and lively ones.These special children proved that if given an opportunity a child, whether physically challenged or epileptic, can really fly high to grab his share of sky.Seminar on RTI: Foundation for People's Right to Information organised the 7{+t}{+h} RTI national seminar at Regional Science City on Saturday. Chief information commissioner Satyanand Mishra speaking at the seminar said that this law would take some time to establish itself and there is no need for being pessimistic regarding its future.Stamp design contest: Department of posts, office of the chief postmaster, Lucknow GPO is organising an on spot stamp design competition for students on the theme 'A holiday' at Lucknow GPO on Sunday from 11.00 a.m. to 1.30 p.m. There will be three groups of participants in this competition. There will be three prizes for all categories. The design could be in ink, water colour, oil colour or any other medium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260243", "title": "Forest dept to crack down on 23 Nelliyampathy estates", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a rare show of bureaucratic initiative, one that is bound to kick up a political storm, the state forest department is in the process of issuing separate show-cause notices to 23 estates in Nelliyampathy that have violated several lease conditions under the forest conservation act.As the first step towards reacquiring the leased land, legal proceedings will be initiated against these estates which were given 2,700 acres of land for cultivation along the Western Ghats. The Madhav Gadgil-chaired Western Ghats Experts Ecology Panel Report, submitted to the ministry of environment and forest, had classified the entire Nelliyampathy hills as ecologically sensitive.Forest officials said during the course of investigation they found that some of these leased estates have been converted into tourism resorts in gross violation of the Act. \"We have found that many of these estates have transferred the leased lands without the consent of the forest department. In many cases, the estates have been further divided and the lease deeds were transferred to other people's names,'' a senior forest official said.The department has taken this bold initiative even as there is intense pressure from Kerala Congress , a UDF ally, to go slow on legal proceedings against some of these estates claiming it will affect livelihood of workers there. A UDF sub-committee, formed to look into these violations, too expressed divergent views and the government had kept the issue in abeyance for further discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17262123", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGuard uniforms should not be like those of cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NASHIK: With the arrest of a former policeman, who ran a security agency, for an attempted dacoity and incidents of conmen posing as cops to steal jewellery, private security agencies have come under the scanner. Nashik police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal has called a meeting of all agencies in the city on Tuesday.Among other things, the private security agencies are likely to be told to refrain from choosing uniforms similar to that of policemen.The move comes close on the heels of people being duped by conmen posing as cops. By asking the agencies to choose a different colour for uniform than that of policemen and government security personnel, it is expected that private guards would not be mistaken for cops.At the meeting, Sarangal will interact with directors and managers of security agencies operating in the city. Permissions and licences will also be verified and instructions for operating the agencies will be issued.\"Quite a few agencies in the city have given their personnel uniforms similar to those of Special Protection Group (SPG) and Black Cats of the National Security Guard. Also, there are some businessmen and industrialists who have their own private security. But the concerned personnel wear uniforms similar to that of SPG guards. We will ensure no security person dresses up like a cop,\" said Sarangal.Nashik has 20-25 agencies providing security in the industrial area and retail sector. While not all private security personnel may indulge in unlawful activities, the arrest of Shivmilan Ramrajya Singh, main accused in the attempt to dacoity case, who ran a security agency among other businesses, has set the warning bells ringing.Nashik has also been witnessing cases of people being cheated or robbed by criminals posing as policemen.Elderly men and women in the remote areas Nashik are intercepted by criminals posing as policemen, asking them to remove their jewellery after impressing upon them that it is not safe to wear the ornament and then decamp with the same.Besides, there is also an issue of security guards possessing arms without licenses in several areas. According to the police, though they check the licences of people carrying arms in security agencies, the authenticity of the licence-issuing authority is a problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17263156", "title": "Elephants go on rampage in Hazaribag village", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Even as a team of experts from Bankura in West Bengal have succeeded in driving out the herd of elephants from several areas of Barkatha, Ichak National park of the district to some extent, the herd went on a rampage in the Tati Jharia block of the district early Friday morning.Hazaribag DFO (west forest division) R Thanga Pandiyan on his return from the spot said the biggest achievement of the experts team was to split the herd of the 27 elephants into two groups after driving them away at least seven to eigth km from the densely-populated villages in and around Hazaribag National Park. He, however, said the two groups of elephants again returned to Bedmakka village in Tati Jharia on Friday night and attacked several houses. The elephants also killed two cows belonging to the villagers.The DFO said the elephants this time were accompanied by two calves in their search for food and water and in the process damaged crops, houses and cattle kept in the courtyards. The DFO said, \"After this incident villagers' delegation met me and demanded payment for the losses incurred by them.\" He said all the victims were told that they will be paid suitable compensation for the loss of property, crops and heads of cattle. As per the latest revision announced by the government, the villagers who lose their cattle will be given Rs 8,000 each per animal as compensation..The DFO further said that the team of experts had been instructed to keep strict vigil over the movement of wild elephants and drive them away to such places where there was no villages or human population particularly at a time when they are celebrating the Chhath festival.He expressed hoped that now the herd would soon leave the area. The DFO said the people of the affected villages and several forest department staff deployed there received training from the team on how to keep the wild and rogue elephants at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262206", "title": "Hydraulic vehicles for smooth recovery", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents can finally breathe a sigh of relief. Following complaints that sub-standard recovery vehicles were causing damage while towing away wrongly parked cars, the traffic wing has finally procured new vehicles with hydraulic systems for the purpose.According to traffic and PCR coordinator Beant Juneja two new vehicles with a hydraulic wheel lift system for towing vehicles have already been procured. Out of these one has been put to use to tackle traffic chaos on roads, he said. \"Another two vehicles with hydraulic systems would be put to use from Sunday. The vehicles were procured following repeated complaints of the residents who said their vehicles were damaged while being towed,\" said Juneja.Reportedly, the traffic department had nine tow away vehicles till now \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two are police vehicles while others belong to a private contractor. With the latest addition, the existing fleet would have 13 vehicles, including four new ones. \"Our main aim is to improve the traffic situation in city, without causing any inconvenience to the public. The new hydraulic vehicles would cause no damage to the wrongly parked vehicles when they are lifted,\" said Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh.Besides the two compounds for towed vehicles - one at Sarabha Nagar and another at Police Lines, three more compounds are being set up at Focal Point, Division No. 7 and Dugri so that the people from nearby areas do not have to come to Police Lines and Sarabha Nagar for recovering their vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17262546", "title": "SGPC demotes head granthi of Golden Temple", "text": "AMRITSAR: Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) has demoted head granthi of Golden Temple Giani Jaswinder Singh and appointed Giani Mal Singh as officiating head granthi. The committee also appointed working granthi Giani Jagtar Singh as additional head granthi.SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said Giani Jaswinder Singh would continue to perform his duties as granthi, but for next six months he wouldn't be allowed to perform any service in sanctum sanctorum of Golden Temple during the direct telecast of kirtan recital.Makkar said the decision to demote him was taken during the meeting of executive committee of SGPC held at Gurdwara Degsar Sahib Katana, Ludhiana, on Saturday. It is learnt that the action against Giani Jaswinder Singh was taken due to a grave religious errors committed by him in the recent past. Sources in the committee said on Wednesday Giani Jaswinder Singh forgot to read Chopai Sahib during Paath of Rehras Sahib in the sanctum sanctorum which was noticed by Sikhs around the world through live telecast of Gurbani from Golden Temple.\"We received complaints from India and abroad following which a team was constituted to probe the incident,\" said sources. Sources also said Giani Jaswinder Singh was even asked to resign but he refused following which the executive committee decided to relieve him of the post of head granthi of Golden Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263053", "title": "Friend recalls softer side of Thackeray", "text": "PUNE: \"I have become an orphan today,\" a visibly moved Agasti Kanitkar, former chairman of Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority, told TOI on Saturday.For Kanitkar, Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death signifies the end of a long friendship and family associations spanning three generations. \"We have known the Thackerays from the days of Prabodhankar Thackeray, father of Bal Thackeray , who lived in my grandfather's wada in Sadashiv Peth. My father, M G Kanitkar, who was a medical practitioner, was interested in photography and had become friends with the late Thackeray. He used to visit our home in Kanitkarwadi in Khadki. But I first met him in 1989 at a hotel on Apte Road where he was staying when he had come to attend the Shiv Sena convention.\"Kanitkar said that Thackeray was put up in a 10x10 ft room. \"I felt bad that a great leader like him was staying in such a small room. After meeting him, I prayed at a small Ganesh temple nearby for getting a suitable plot in Pune to build a good house for him (Thackeray). When he realized that I was M G Kanitkar's son he agreed to stay at our newly built house, Gurukrupa, near S P College. On the 10{+t}{+h} day of my prayers, I purchased a plot in Mukundnagar for his house. We had to demolish an old bunglaow and build a five storey building that housed a four bedroom-hall-kitchen flat for him,\" he recalled.Kanitkar, an architect and a builder, prepared the plan and submitted it to him. \"He asked me to make some changes, make a terrace in the northeast, another in the southwest to let in the sun's heat and light. He also asked me to reduce the size of the rooms as he felt that there may be problems while constructing flats on the lower floors which I planned to sell. The name of the building was chosen as 'Samarth' after Samarth Ramdas. The construction was completed in eight months,\" he added.Thackeray was happy during his stay there, Kanitkar said. \"At least one member of the Thackeray family lived there from 1997 to 2007. His wife, Maasaheb (Meenatai), Uddhav, Raj, Bindumadhav and other members of his family stayed here during this period,\" he said, adding that Thackeray was softhearted and always concerned about his party workers, a disciplined man and a great orator.Kanitkar recalled the time when Thackeray had gone to campaign in Solapur in 1994. \"He returned to Samarth at 3 am with a dozen party leaders including Manohar Joshi , Sudhir Joshi, Leeladhar Dake and Suryakant Mahadik. I went at 6 am with some milk so that they could make tea. I was astonished to see that he was boiling tea. He said that Maasaheb and others had slept late and he did not want to wake them up.\"Kanitkar's wife Rekha recollected that Thackeray was fond of plants. She said, \"He had created a small garden on the terrace of Samarth. He took care of the plants and always enquired about them. He was fond of numerology and took deep interest in alternative medicine. When he came to know that I had studied Bach's flower remedy, he wanted to know more. He recommended those medicines to his acquaintances, his bodyguards and others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17261061", "title": "Migrant girl raped by truck drivers in Jind", "text": "ROHTAK: A migrant minor girl was allegedly kidnapped and raped by a group of truck drivers and dumped near railway station in Jind. The girl was taken home by a local resident two days ago and the police took the girl in its custody on Saturday.According to information, the girl was found lying in semi-conscious condition near the railway station by a local resident after which the police was informed. She had told police that she was a resident of Bihar and was forcibly taken away by some truckers on way to Haryana from Bihar a few days ago. The girl alleged that she was raped repeatedly and then dumped her at an isolated place two days ago where she was found in semi conscious state with blood stains on her cloths.The district child protection officer Saroj Tanwar stated that the girl had disclosed her name but seemed too shocked to reveal the identify and her native place. \"The girl was medically examined at the civil hospital. It's unclear whether she has been sexually assaulted or not. She was being counseled and we hope to trace her parents soon\".The Jind city police station SHO Surender Pal stated that the police had started a probe in to the recovery of the girl and would take action after the medical examination\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "17262419", "title": "Four killed in truck-SUV collision", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Four persons were killed and two injured in a head-on collision between a Balero and a truck near Bengali bridge on Makho-Harike road on late Friday night.According to information, the Balero was coming from Makhu side when it collided with the truck coming from the opposite direction on Bengali bridge. The accident took place as both the drivers were reportedly trying to cross the congested bridge at high speed. The occupants of Balero were going to Amritsar to attend the marriage of their friend.The deceased, all young boys in their early twenties have been identified as Wajir Singh, Vakil Kumar, Anil Kumar and Chand Parkash, all residents of Adampur Mandi in Haryana. Two, who received injuries in the accident could not be identified as they were sent to some private hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261086", "title": "HUDA chief, traffic ACP absolved of contempt", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court absolved Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) administrator Praveen Kumar and ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar from contempt proceedings at the hearing on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway matter on Friday.The court's direction came after the two officials explained the reasons for removing the barricades near Ambience Mall in \"defiance\" of the HC directives.Earlier, both the officers were issued notices by the HC for removing the barricades near the mall and permitting an L-turn in violation of the HC orders.In its October 8 order, the HC had made it clear that the U-turn near the 32-lane toll plaza on the expressway (from Jaipur to enter into Ambience Mall) will not be used for the L-turn (to gain entry into the mall).On October 17, the division bench of the HC headed by Justice S K Mittal had issued a show-cause notice to Tomar and Kumar asking them as to why proceedings for contempt of court should not be initiated against them for not complying with the October 8 orders pertaining to the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17263113", "title": "Ghats 'reserved' for extra moolah", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Most of the ghats along the Subernarekha and Kharkhai rivers in the two adjoining towns of Jamshedpur and Adityapur, have been illegally occupied for offering prayers to the sun god on the occasion of Chhath on Monday and Tuesday.Those who have occupied them claimed they were \"paid\" by devotees to \"reserve\" the ghats. But sources said a section of unemployed youths had forcibly occupied the areas around ghats so that they could take money from devotees for allowing them to use the riverbank for the festival. The asking rate for reservation is between Rs 250 and Rs 500 depending on the location and area.The district administration warned encroachers not to indulge in this illegal practice, but they have not paid any heed. Most of the popular ghats have been taken over by this section.\"Devotees residing in the town area requested us to reserve a piece of land in the embankment area about a week ago. We are charging money for reserving the place,\" said a 24-year-old youth from a slum in Marine Drive, who has \"booked\" land for three families in Domuhani Chhath Ghat, the convergence point of two rivers in Sonari.\"It's not only about reserving the land, we are also asked to keep the area clean. So we demand a sum for our services,\" said an 18-year-old who has occupied an area in the Baroda Chhath Ghat, along the embankments of Kharkahi in Bistupur.Though the Steel City has over 200 Chhath ghats along the Kharkhai and Subernarekha, the Dimna Chhath Ghat accounts for the maximum cases of encroachment.The district administration maintained that respective police stations have been told to remove the encroachers and take action against them. \"The local police have been told to take action,\" said Dhalbhum sub-divisional officer, Subodh Prasad.A Kadma-based entrepreneur, Ranjit Razak, said, \"It is not entirely true that families approach youths to keep ghats reserved for them. The youths do it on their own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261107", "title": "Doctors booked for endangering life of pregnant woman", "text": "GURGAON: A doctor and the chairman of a private hospital here have been booked for endangering the life of a pregnant woman, police said on Saturday.Dr Subhash Khanna, chairman and director of Kalyani Hospital, and gynaecologist Anjali Bagga have been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).According to the formal police complaint filed with the Civil Lines police station, both the doctors endangered the lives of pregnant Rachna Vij and her unborn baby. The incident happened on September 3 this year.Rajesh Vij of Krishana Colony here was consulting Dr Anjali Bagga from the early stage of his wife's pregnancy.\"Dr Anjali told us that the case was very much normal. At the time of labour pain and delivery on September 3, my wife was admitted in the Kalyani Hospital. The doctor again said that the delivery would be normal but in the evening we were told that she needs a operation and were asked to deposit Rs 50,000 immediately,\" Rajesh said in his first information report (FIR) with police.\"When we refused to go for surgery and desired to shift the pregnant woman to some other hospital, Dr Anjali busted the water bag of the patient and she was apparently made hostage in the hospital,\" he said. Dr Khanna also did not take any action despite several requests, he stated.When the relatives of patient created a ruckus outside the hospital, however, she was allowed to shift to another hospital. Within an hour, she delivered a healthy baby boy by normal delivery in Yashroop Hospital.Sikander, an investigation officer, told IANS: \"We have registered a case against both the doctors on the directions of a local court under Sections 315, 336, 341, 294, 323 and 506 of IPC\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262375", "title": "Mumbai aamchi but Dilli remained door", "text": "What will Uddhav Thackeray's toughest political challenge in the post-Bal Thackeray era be? Political observers are of the opinion that the task before him is to shed the Shiv Sena's Mumbai-centric image and attempt to up the party's credentials as a viable alternative to the ruling Congress-NCP combine in rural Maharashtra.\"Since its inception in 1966, the Sena has chiefly been an urban political organisation, as most of its key leaders belonged to the city or the Konkan which is seen as Mumbai's arm,\" says Sharad Kale, former municipal commissioner of Mumbai and a commentator on state affairs. Back then, of course, Bal Thackeray deliberately shaped the Sena as a regional force, says former chief minister Manohar Joshi. \"We thought this was necessary to take on the northcentric Congress,\" he explains. But even in the ensuing decades, the party has made scarcely any move to step out of MaharashtraIn the initial years, the Shiv Sena did not fare at all well in the Lok Sabha elections. Even when Bal Thackeray was riding the Hindutva juggernaut with L K Advani and the duo was clearing the decks for the Sena-BJP's ascension in Maharashtra, the Sena could bag only four Lok Sabha seats in the state in 1989 and 1991. In 1996, the party's Lok Sabha tally rose to 15 and plummeted to six in 1998. \"The sharp decline was because the saffron combine, which was by then in office in Maharashtra, was riddled with differences , and the Shiv Sena too was plagued by in-fighting and factionalism,\" says a former Sena minister.The lacklustre performance of Sena MPs on the floor of the Lok Sabha over the years negated the party's attempts, if any, to move to the national stage, say partymen. \"They had too many lacunae. The absence of debating skills, poor knowledge of Hindi and English and failure to grasp the ground realities of national politics turned our MPs into a bunch of kindergarten kids They couldn't mesh with New Delhi's political culture,\" says a Sena veteran. Sanjay Nirupam did make his mark as the Sena's Rajya Sabha MP a few years ago. So did Sanjay Raut, also in the House of Elders, and Anant Gite in the Lok Sabha. \"However, they were the exceptions to the rule. The rest of our MPs seemed pretty lost in New Delhi. We never had in the Lok Sabha a leader of the stature of, say, Arun Jaitley or Sitaram Yechury,\" adds the Sena leader.Uddhav Thackeray did try to take the Sena out of Maharashtra. He appointed communication chiefs for Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan , Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi, but to no avail. Bhagwandas Goyal, the self-styled Shiv Sainik from New Delhi, dug up the Pherozeshah Kotla pitch in early 1996 and promptly claimed that he had done so at the behest of Bal Thackeray . The Sena did appoint him as the party's pointsman in New Delhi. Later, however, Goyal reportedly fell from grace.New Delhi apart, the Sena could not capture too much of Maharashtra either. Rampant urbanisation in the 1970s and its attendant paradoxes\u00e2\u20ac\u201dclamour for the already shrinking space in Mumbai and unemployment\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhad created a conducive climate for Bal Thackeray's regional agenda and won him instant support in Thane and Mumbai. However, the Sena's 'Us-Versus-Them ' agenda couldn't for nearly two decades cut much ice with Maharashtra's rural voters. The Congress, then a monolithic organisation armed with a robust poll machinery and a welloiled network of cooperative sugar factories and cash-rich land development banks, was firmly rooted in the rural hinterland. Although emotionally linked with the Konkan on the Marathi manoos issue, the Sena couldn't make headway in the coastal belt, which was then a strong Socialist-Janata Party citadel, thanks to towering leaders such as Nath Pai and Madhu Dandavate.In the 1990s, the Sena, riding on the Hindutva wave, made inroads into Marathwada. Thackeray played the Hindutva card and with BJP strategist Pramod Mahajan as his key partner , addressed 144 poll meetings across Maharashtra in an attempt to break the Sena's urban image. In the 1990 state assembly elections, the Sena bagged 52 seats\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit had a lone seat in the 1985 elections\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhile the BJP's tally in the 288-strong assembly leapfrogged from 16 to 42. Its brief stint in office from March 1995 to October 1999 fuelled the Sena's hopes about expanding its political base in the state. Thackeray appointed 'samparka pramukhs' across the state to act as coordinators between Matoshree and the rural heartland. \"However, most of these samparka pramukhs were from Mumbai who were deputed to supervise organisational affairs in far-flung villages. They were barely conversant with local politics. Many of them behaved like satraps, bossing over local Shiv Sainiks,\" says a Sena functionary ruefully, adding, \"The Congress too had its satraps. But they belonged to their villages and districts. They were not imposed on partymen from Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17261844", "title": "Police say no to bandh in Belgaum dist", "text": "The Karnataka police have refused permission to pro-Maharashtra organizations and the Shiv Sena to observe a bandh in Belgaum district on Sunday to mourn Bal Thackeray's death. Shiv Sena, Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti and Yuva Aghadi had called for a peaceful bandh in Belgaum district on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261026", "title": "IT fails to click in Panchkula tech park", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five years after its launch, Panchkula Technology Park, a project of the Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC), is yet to log into the state with not a single unit coming up on the land allotted for the purpose.With a view to generate employment opportunity for 30,000 IT professionals, the first phase of the project, spread over 72 acres in sector 22 of Panchkula, was launched in September 2007. Around Rs 8.50 crore was spent on various developmental works in the park so far.The state government had plans to set up units for IT, ITeS, robotics, nano technology, mobile computing, mobile communication, chip manufacturing, biotechnology, including genetics, and other research and development facilities in the park.HSIIDC had allotted 24 plots of various sizes to the companies till September 2008 and they were given 2011 as the deadlines to start and complete the construction work.At the time of launch of the IT Park, the HSIIDC as well as state government had been banking on major IT giants to open shop here. Besides, the government was also hopeful of success due to Panchkula's proximity to Chandigarh and Mohali where the UT administration and Punjab government respectively had managed to invite major IT giants like Dell and Infosys .AT present, only two allottees have started construction activities on the plots. One company had raised three towers while another firm built basement for a tower.HSIIDC officials and companies blamed the economic meltdown for slow start. They also blamed the increased cost of construction due to non-availability of raw material for the delay.\"Largely the delay is due to non-availability of construction material. We are hopeful of starting our operations within next one year,'' Satish Kumar Gupta, executive director of Stylam Industries, a company which has completed the basement level constructions, said.R P Gupta, company secretary of HSIIDC, admitted that the work is progressing on a slow pace. \"We have served notices to some of the companies who have not yet started construction. Else, most of the companies have already got an extension after paying a fee. We are hopeful of having all operations by the end of next year,'' said Gupta.Y S Malik, principal secretary to financial commissioner, industries department, expressed inability to comment on the current status of the park. \"After approving the project we had handed it over to HSIIDC, which is the nodal agency for monitoring of constructions and other activities. Let the new MD take over then we shall review the status of the project,'' said Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17265409", "title": "Pak govt files review petition against Supreme Court verdict", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government has challenged a recent Supreme Court verdict that suggested the President could not indulge in politics as he is expected to be non-partisan and disengaged from all political activities.Deputy attorney general Dil Muhammad Ali Zai yesterday filed a petition seeking a review of parts of the apex court's ruling on former air force chief Asghar Khan's petition against the rigging of the 1990 general election.The government stated in the review petition that the Supreme Court did not have the authority to issue such an order regarding the President.It argued that court's observations regarding the role of the presidency should be reviewed.In its detailed verdict issued on November 8 in response to Khan's 16-year-old petition, the apex court held former army chief Gen Mirza Aslam Beg and former ISI chief Lt Gen Asad Durrani responsible for distributing millions of rupees among politicians to rig the 1990 elections in favour of the Islami Jamhoori Ittehad political bloc.The verdict further said the two generals had acted on the instructions of late President Ghulam Ishaq Khan .In this regard, the ruling stated that presidents in parliamentary republics are \"expected to be apolitical/non- partisan and objectively disengaged with any and all affiliations of a political, ethnic, linguistic, or geographic nature\".The apex court's ruling came at a time when the Lahore High Court is hearing another petition accusing President Asif Ali Zardari of contempt for using the presidency for the political activities of his Pakistan People's Party.The Lahore High Court had said in an order last year that it expected the President to disassociate himself from the activities of the PPP.The government's review petition further stated that there is currently no active election or political cell in the presidency.The petition said the Asghar Khan's petition was against the doling out of public funds for the rigging of the 1990 election and did not involve the current President's office.The review petition further said that the President's authority is symbolic and he does not have any executive powers.In a related development, Geo News channel reported that the Supreme Court's Registrar returned the review petition as a court fee of Rs 10,000 was not attached to it.There was no official word on this development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17262434", "title": "SGPC indicts senior cops of hurting religious sentiments", "text": "PATIALA: Having been booked for misuse of authority in implicating a patwari (junior revenue officer) in a false case earlier this year, the six senior Punjab Police officials named in the case have now been flayed by the Dharm Parchar Committee (religious propagation committee) of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) for \"disrespecting the religious symbols of Sikhs during illegal confinement of the victim\".The committee in its report has held Vigilance Bureau (VB) joint director (administration) SP Singh, Moga SSP Surjit Singh Grewal, former Patiala SSP Shiv Kumar Sharma, SP Jaspal Singh, ex-SP Banarsi Das and inspector Isher Singh guilty of disrespecting Sikhs' five religious symbols during the illegal confinement of victim Mohan Singh. Sectary of Dharm Parchar Committee of SGPC Satvir Singh confirmed that they have received the report and sent it to Akal Takht jathedar for further action.Based on the inquiry report of chief minister's special principal secretary K S Pannu, Ferozepur police had registered a case against VB's joint director (administration) SP Singh, former Patiala SSP Shiv Kumar Sharma, retired SSP (Ferozepur) Jaspal Singh, ex-SP Banarsi Das and inspector Isher Singh under sections 167 (public servant framing an incorrect document), 211 (false charge of offence made with the intent to injure), 355 (assault in attempt to commit theft), and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) on August 23, 2012 after a long battle for justice by the victim.After registration of an FIR, the aggrieved patwari had approached the Akal Takht claiming that his religious sentiments were hurt while he was in illegal confinement of VB officers. Claiming that he was a baptized Sikh, Mohan Singh had alleged that cops forcibly removed his religious kirpan (sword) and undergarment, which is against the tradition of Sikh religion.\"Now that the government has no excuse after the committee report has held the policemen guilty of hurting religious sentiments, it must add Section 295-A (Deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs) in the FIR registered against the officers,\" Mohan Singh demanded.However, Moga SSP Surjit Grewal maintained ignorance about the matter, stating, \"I don't know who Mohan Singh is. He is leveling baseless allegations.\" Dharm Parchar Committee secretary Satvir Singh added that action would be taken in some days as presently the jathedar is busy in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260429", "title": "Chadha brothers shootout case: Cops run into fuzzy facts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Saturday shootout at the Chadha farmhouse in Chhattarpur that killed liquor baron Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep has baffled the police. As they struggled to piece together the sequence of events, investigators found statements of 12 associates of Ponty and his brother fuzzy and loaded in favour of one brother against the other.The police said they had recovered a large cache of arms from a car that was used to rush one of the injured to hospital. Other than these weapons, walls and trees along the approach road to the farmhouse were riddled with bullets. The walls at the rear of the sprawlling complex too bore bullet marks.Clearly, both sides were armed to the teeth and had been expecting big trouble on Saturday.Friends of the estranged brothers at the twin murder scene told TOI that the brothers had an argument on Friday night about the disputed farmhouse in which all three brothers had equal share. Ponty reportedly told Hardeep that the \"matter would be settled on Saturday\". The Chadhas own three farmhouses in Chhattarpur's DLF Farms.Around 10am on Saturday, Ponty and his armed guards, including Punjab Police PSOs, entered this farmhouse and forcefully evicted staff on Hardeep's payrolls. Investigators said 40 to 50 such people were removed from the complex.On Friday night, Hardeep had apparently insisted that the farmhouse where the violence broke out be handed over to him. Hardeep's grouse apparently was that Ponty had cornered all the wealth and given a majority stake of Wave Cinema to his eldest son Monty. So, sulking Hardeep wanted to sell off the farmhouse and make some money.Soon after Hardeep's men were evicted from the complex, they rushed to him and alerted him.This was when the fuming younger brother returned to the farmhouse with around 20 men and his personal security officer. The two groups clashed near the outhouse around 11.55am. The brothers exchanged heated words, accusing one another of grabbing property. Even as they argued, they paced down the pathway and were within 200 metres of the rear gate.Ponty reportedly flew into a rage and began yelling at his brother. This was when Hardeep fired shots at Ponty from his revolver, sources claimed. But the police refused to confirm this saying the possibility of a third person who might have instigated the fight or of Ponty's own men starting the firing can't be ruled out.Nevertheless, as Ponty's personal security officer Narender Ahlwat jumped to save him, he got hit. Ponty's security detail comprising Ahlwat, Punjab Police constables Sachin Tyagi and a driver from the minority commission of a neighbouring state fired at their rivals. Apparently, it was Tyagi's bullets that fell Hardeep.Another shootingOn October 4, gunshots were heard at Ponty Chadha's ancestral house in Moradabad. The police said a Chadha kin had bought a new pistol and was testing it. The incident took place at the fortified Civil Lines bungalow around 9am after which policemen rushed to the spot. They scanned the bungalow for two hours and confirmed everything was fine. There were unconfirmed reports of Chadha's son firing the shots and police having recovered three rifles from the bungalow. Investigators later denied these reports. Subsequently, they said the bungalow was in the possession of Chadha's uncle and his nephew, Harvir,21, had fired a new pistol he had bought a day before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17261942", "title": "Meghalaya meet on role of media in assemly polls", "text": "SHILLONG: With assembly polls just round the corner, the role of the media in the state in the run-up to the elections has come under sharp focus.Terming journalism as a noble profession, chief minister Mukul Sangma stressed the need for media penetration across the state. He added that the media should get connected to people, who are otherwise neglected, especially in the rural areas.The fact that the media itself is under scrutiny with elections expected in February was evident with the Shillong Press Club choosing the topic \"Role of media during elections\" as the subject of panel discussion on the occasion of National Press Day.The CM emphasized on the need for empowerment of the fourth estate, even as he outlined that maintaining credibility on the part of the mediapersons was crucial.\"The media provides the public with the capability to make informed choices and therefore should project candidates in proper light,\" said Robert G Lyngdoh, a former state home minister. \"The media should be objective while reporting,\" he echoed legislator Manas Chaudhuri.Pointing out that the media in Meghalaya was largely urban-centric, Lyngdoh stressed the need to reach out to the rural populace.A teacher at Shillong-IIM, Sanjib Kakoty urged the media to flag off issues pertaining to public interest. \"The media provided the intellectual basis for the freedom movement of the country and created public opinion,\" he reminded and urged the press to live up to the legacy of the Indian media.Emphasizing on probity in public life, Kakoty suggested that the media highlight the assets and properties owned by aspiring candidates in the public domain. The media should present report cards to the people on the performance of the elected representatives and their amount of wealth after every five years, he said.Adviser to the North East Students' Organization, Samuel Jyrwa, stressed the role of the media in providing accurate information to the people regarding political parties and prospective candidates during elections without canvassing or trumpeting anybody's cause.He urged the media to bring political parties and aspiring politicians on a common platform to debate on issues concerning the state and the people in general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17260920", "title": "Effigy burning a fundamental right: Kerala govt", "text": "KOCHI: Burning effigies is a fundamental right of a citizen as part of the freedom of speech, the state government has informed the Kerala high court. The government is against a ban on burning effigies.The government is, however, preparing a bill to impose reasonable restrictions in view of the rise in violent protests. The government clarified its stance through an affidavit filed in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking statewide ban on burning effigies.The government says the practice is uncivilized. The state, however, does not wish to impose a ban since it \"will boomerang and invite protests from various organizations and political parties.\"Any damage caused by effigy burning can be handled with the provisions in the proposed bill. Until the bill is passed, guidelines issued by the director general of police on November 3, 2012, would be applicable, the government has submitted to the HC.The Supreme Court has set up two committees to suggest steps to tackle destruction of public and private property during agitations and legislation would be based on these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "17262033", "title": "Shipping ministry team in Haldia on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcstudy visit\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HALDIA: Workers as well as officers of the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) want mechanization of berths to help increase the volume of cargo and revenue, a three-member team from the ministry of shipping visiting HDC was told on Saturday.Port officials said the team was on a 'study' visit to find out what measures should be adopted to increase productivity at HDC and not to try and sort out the situation that has developed after Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd announced its withdrawal. Citu leaders, however, complained to the officials that HBT was \"forced to leave\" by cargo handlers with help from Trinamool leaders.\"The team comprised Janardhan Rao, managing director, Indian Ports Association, Sandip Tripathy, director (port development), ministry of shipping, and PPP expert Anuj Agarwal from the ministry. Senior Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) officials were accompanying them. After a visit of the berths, they met representatives of the Haldia Dock Officers' Forum, the Citu-affiliated Calcutta Port and Shore Mazdoor Union (CPSMU), Calcutta Port Shramik Union, AITUC and INTUC. This meeting went on for nearly one and a half hours,\" a source revealed.There was some resentment as the officials did not meet representatives of the 600-odd workers retrenched by HBT over the last couple of months. These workers are still demonstrating outside the main entrance of the port complex.The officials also interacted with port users like Tata and SAIL. Nobody from any union affiliated to the INTTUC met them though.\"We told the team that KoPT should adopt the same system while floating a fresh tender for mechanized operations at berths 2 and 8. The rates and earnings should remain the same. If possible, the KoPT should try and get HBT to resume operations at the two berths. If not, any new agency should be made to operate the berths under the same terms and conditions. We told the officials that it wasn't labour unrest that led to HBT's withdrawal from Haldia. There were other issues,\" said Sukumar Das, joint secretary, CPSMU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17262137", "title": "Neglected bird sanctuary sees repairs take shape", "text": "NASHIK: The forest department has begun sorting some of the infrastructural problems that plague the historic Nandur Madhyameshwar bird sanctuary in Niphad tehsil.While forest officials have admitted that there are problems at the sanctuary, they added that they have written about these to their concerned senior officials. Till a month ago, the sanctuary had no security guards; locals, appointed to take care of the place forRs 2,500 per month, had not been paid for the last five months. Further, two out of three observation towers at the sanctuary have been in a state of disrepair.As evidence of scant attention paid to tourism, the sanctuary's welcome board was placed such that visitors notice it while leaving the site. There was also no water connection in the guest house kitchen or toilet, leakages in newly-constructed rooms, incomplete roof construction at the guest house, no monetary aid for local guides, illegal fishing and tree felling and theft of birds' eggs by local tribals. While a majority of issues still remain unattended to, road work at the site is almost complete.A water tank has been installed and water connections have been set in place. \"Water connections have also been provided in bathrooms and toilets, and work to manage vehicle parking is in process. Also, locals that were owed security dues have been paid,\" said a local guide, Pramod Darade.Forest conservator Arvind Vispute said that within ten days, pagodas will be built at viewpoints with pathways. A garden will also be developed for tourists. \"We have been sanctioned a budget of Rs 40 lakh for the work,\"Vispute said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262279", "title": "'He had more freenemies than anyone I knew'", "text": "It was easy to hate Bal Thackeray . Many did. But it was equally easy to love him. As many more did. It was this curious ambivalence that made him who he was\u00e2\u20ac\u201da man Indian politics and the media could never quite place.I went to see him yesterday. The crowds at Matoshri were impossible to negotiate. There were Hindu priests furiously chanting Sanskrit mantras. There were groups of Muslims sitting on their prayer mats and quietly praying for his recovery. And the entire media was there, those who loved him and those who didn't , all eagerly waiting for him to get back on his feet. For, Thackeray was unique. In some ways, he cut across all political affiliations. People loved him for who he was, not always for what he said or did.I met him when I first arrived in 1982 in what was then called Bombay to join The Times of India. It was my first job in journalism and I was hardly 29. Thackeray was in his 40s, charming, supercilious , a great raconteur and over mugs of warm beer and swirling cheroot smoke our friendship grew. He found me cheeky, insouciant, unafraid to attack anyone. I found him sharp, witty, wellread and discerning, a loyal friend. And, as the magazine I then edited kept picking fights with the mightiest in the land, he would often try to counsel me and offer protection from death threats and harassment. Every time I smiled and turned down his offer, I went up a notch in his esteem. For, Thackeray loved those who took on the system. Though he yearned to be in power, he actually enjoyed being in the Opposition. It made him the man he was.Thackeray hated sham and pomposity. He despised all those who sucked up to him. He was a true agnostic who questioned everything, accepted nothing as verity. That is why he was such a fine cartoonist. He could punch holes in any grand theory , and often did with his brush and pen. His favourite cartoonist was David Low, whose books I hunted down in old second-hand London bookstores and brought back for him. And then one day, I interviewed him for The Illustrated Weekly of India, which I then edited, and all hell broke loose when I quoted him saying that all Muslims ought to be thrown into the Arabian Sea. As he clarified later, he meant anti-Indian Muslims, those who hoist Pakistan's flag every time we lose in cricket. But no one remembers footnotes and asterisks in history. He was stamped as a Muslimbaiter and Hindu Hridaysamrat , both at the same time\u00e2\u20ac\u201dapart from being the great defender of all things Marathi. He was actually much more than all that.Over the years, his image overtook him. He became larger than life. So did his Sena. But he remained the same. He switched over to a pipe and then returned to his cigars on the doctors' advice. His warm beer was replaced by warmer Chantilly. But his wit remained undimmed, his sense of humour untarnished even as his politics became sharper and he became a part of the establishment he so hated. That was around the time he called me for a typically frugal lunch and asked me if I would go to the Rajya Sabha. The Sena had a few extra votes after accommodating its own two candidates , and I had a slim chance to slip through. But the Congress threw a spanner in the works by introducing a seventh candidate against six seats. So voting became inevitable . Luckily, I won.Balasaheb's great strength lay in the bonds he built. In the friends he attracted. In the loyalty he commanded. And, above all, in the love he inspired in all those whose lives he touched. He had more frenemies than anyone I have known. He attracted admiration , fear, disapproval and love in equal measure. But above all, he attracted trust. Trust and friendship, that's what made Balasaheb Balasaheb . That is why I shall miss him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17259782", "title": "With nahai-khai, festivities begin today", "text": "PATNA: On the fourth day of the Shukla Paksha of Kartik, lakhs of devotees living in Bihar, Jharkhand, eastern Uttar Pradesh and the Terai region of Nepal begin the four-day Chhath festival in continuance of a tradition of worshipping the Sun. Many Biharis settled elsewhere and even abroad also perform Chhath.The first day begins with the ritual bathing (preferably in the Ganga) that follows a period of abstinence and segregation of the worshipper from the main household for four days. Gangajal is brought to the house in brass containers for use during the four-day period. Lilting Chhath geet like \"hey chhathi maiya, tone arag chhadaib\", \"Maiya ke arag chadhaib, suruj ke arag chadhaib\" rent the air making the atmosphere pure. On Day I, arwa chawal, kaddu (gourd) is cooked in daytime. All households where Chhath or Dala Chhath is performed is emptied of even onion and garlic, considered \"ashuddh\" (impure).The whole of the second day, called Kharna or Lohanda, the parvaitin (the fasting person) fasts. She cooks 'rasia' (rice cooked in jaggery sans milk) and 'puris' from the afternoon on mud chulhas, often assisted by the womenfolk. The parvaitin fasts, without food or water, for the next 36 hours.The third day begins with the fasting woman cooking 'thekuas' and decorating the jute-knitted soops with coconuts, earthen diyas, soaked gram, apples, kasar (made of powdered rice, black sesame seeds and jaggery), thekuas, dry fruits, sugarcane sticks and bananas for offering as arghya to the 'Astachalgami Surya' (setting sun).Then begins the long, barefoot trek to the banks of Ganga which, at some places, takes five to six hours. Some devotees, wish fulfilled, do \"sashtang dandwat\" (prostrate) all the way from home to the river front. Families are also seen hiring boats to cross over to the diara (riverine area) to offer arghya.The fasting women (with vermilion covering the parting of the hair) and men then stand in waist-deep water and just as the Sun is about to set with the sky blazing saffron , offer arghya to the \"astachalgami surya\" with kin offering gangajal mixed with milk. With each newborn child is added an extra soop. Often, families trek back home, only to begin the entire process all over again at 2am. Many, however, stay back in tents for the night.The fourth morning, at dawn, the parvaitin again offers arghya to the \"Uditachal Surya\" (rising sun) with the same set of soops before breaking fast.It may also be mentioned here that 14 'richas' (verses) have been dedicated to Usha - or Chhathi Maiya - in the earliest of the Vedas, the Rig Veda. Usha has sometimes been mentioned as the Sun's beloved and at other times as the Sun's wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262989", "title": "Microsoft's first head-hunting bid in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Amid lull placements, IT giant Microsoft conducted a recruitment drive involving students from private universities and colleges at the Jaipur National University campus on Saturday.Over 1,500 students from different universities and colleges appeared for the session. Students with an aggregate of 70% till the seventh semester were eligible to participate in Microsoft's online selection exam.Sources said the average package for a beginner in Microsoft is 16 lakhs.At least 600 students were shortlisted for the second round which was conducted late in evening. Students clearing preliminary round will be called to the Microsoft corporate office in Hyderabad for the final selection.Sandeep Bakshi, chancellor JNU, said, \"It's a golden opportunity for the students to prove their mettle and get into the world's leading IT Company. I am sure this is just a beginning and the IT giant will continue to pick students from here.\"Students had come Poornima Group of Colleges, Vivekanand Institute of Technology, Gyan Vihar University, JECRC, Arya College to name a few.Students shortlisted were upbeat about their final selections. They found the selection criteria very transparent. \"It's my dream to work with Microsoft. I know the competition is tough but I will work hard to grab this opportunity,\" said Aprova Srivastave, B.Tech in computer science final. Sources said the company officials found many students \"suitable\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264353", "title": "Arya, a busy bee", "text": "This handsome actor seems to be a busy bee as he is shuttling from one shooting set to another. Arya, who was shooting for the Tamil remake of Delhi Belly, Settai, in the outskirts of C hennai on Friday left the shooting spot by 4 pm. He straight away headed to the shooting spot of Selvaraghavan's Irandam Ulagam by taking the evening flight to Hyderabad. The shooting for the latter is happening in Ramoji city, Hyderabad. It looks like Arya is one busy man these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261508", "title": "Lalu Prasad, Rabri Devi's Chhath puja in Delhi", "text": "PATNA: Chhath in Bihar is as important as Ganesh Chaturthi in Maharashtra. Devotees bridge the divide of caste and class and join the festivities which began on Saturday. The political class, too, joins this sacred festival and performs the rituals either on the ghats of Ganga or privately in the confines of their residential premises.But the couple and former chief ministers, Lalu Prasad and Rabri Devi , will not be in the city to celebrate Chhath this time. Party sources said the couple will celebrate it in Delhi. The Chhath celebration at 1, Anne Marg, the official residence of chief minister, by CM Nitish Kumar and his immediate family remains a low-key affair.In fact, it was Lalu and Rabri who had started celebrating Chhath under media glare in early 1990s. Till then it was a private affair for politicians, too. The couple used to perform the rituals on the Ganga ghats with Rabri standing in the water and Lalu helping her with puja materials and fruits in soop. Later on, they preferred to perform the puja in the swimming pool on their residential premises.This Chhath, while the 10, Circular Road, the official residence of Rabri, close to CM's residence, will remain deserted with the entire family in Delhi, Nitish's sister and elder brother's wife will perform the rituals at 1, Anne Marg.Some ministers, like Vijay Kumar Choudhary, Renu Kumari, Narendra Singh, P K Shahi, Bijendra Prasad Yadav, legislative council chairman Awadhesh Narayan Singh and others will perform the puja at their village homes.A few years back, Chhath had become an issue of political one-upmanship between the Bihar regional parties and Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Nav Nirman Sena. Lalu had announced to celebrate Chhath on Chaupati in Mumbai and the leaders of the two parties had reacted angrily throwing a challenge to RJD supremo.Last year, Nitish had requested Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit to declare Chhath as public holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260196", "title": "Kin rallied round Sena chief in his final hours", "text": "MUMBAI: The tense atmosphere prevailing in the last few days around Matoshree, the Thackerays' residence, turned into one of mourning and despair on Saturday following news of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's demise.Hordes of Sainiks, both men and women with their families, queued up at Kalanagar since Saturday morning to get the latest update on Thackeray's health. Party leaders Sanjay Raut, Diwakar Raote and Ramdas Kadam went about trying to calm them.As Thackeray's pulse rate dipped alarmingly on Saturday afternoon, calls were made to close relatives and they started to pour in as the medical team saw no scope of resuscitating him. Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, his wife Rashmi, and sons Aditya and Tejas were by Thackeray's side when the end came. Others present included Jaidev Thackeray and his wife, Jaidev's ex-wife Smita, Madhavi, the wife of Thackeray's deceased son Bindumadhav, Thackeray's brother-in-law Chandrakant Vaidya and Sanjeevani Karandikar, the Sena chief's only sister.However Thackeray's nephew, MNS chief Raj Thackeray reached Matoshree with mother Kundatai, wife Sharmila and two children around 4pm, after the leader had breathed his last. While Raj and his family left around 9pm, he returned to Matoshree again 40 minutes later, this time alone, and stayed there for an hour. However, he didn't make any statement about his uncle's deathEarlier in the morning, all the Sena's 110 corporators went to Matoshree where they met Rashmi Thackeray. The strain of the last few days seemed to have taken a toll on Uddhav who did not meet anyone. \"Because of the tension of the last few days, he is tired and has been advised rest. He should be alright on Sunday,\" Sena leader Manohar Joshi had said in the morning. Kolhapur MP and Shetkari Sangathana leader Raju Shetty, who has been agitating for the last few days for a higher price for sugarcane farmers, also visited Matoshree in the morning. \"We met Rashmi Thackeray and Manohar Joshi,\" said a BMC corporator on condition of anonymity.But around 4pm, as the Rapid Action Force and the State Reserve Police personnel began to take positions and additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil mobilized the city police, the crowd outside Matoshree grew restive. At 4.55pm, Dr Jalil Parkar, accompanied by Sena MPs Sanjay Raut and Anil Desai stepped out of Kalanagar and walked up to mediapersons to announce Thackeray's death. \"We are deeply grieved to inform you that Shiv Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray breathed his last at 3.33pm,\" Parkar said.Many Sainiks broke down, others looked dazed and some sobbed uncontrollably remembering their departed leader. \"Balasaheb was a father-figure to us. He was our beacon light,\" said Sadanand Whatkar, a Sainik from Wadala.Immediately after the announcement, the huge crowd gathered outside Matoshree started shouting slogans. The crowd grew calmer after a Sena legislator made an appeal to maintain peace. \"If you do not keep calm then Sainiks from across Maharashtra will not be able to come to pay their last respects. Have you become so selfish?\" he asked, exhorting the Sainiks not to indulge in violence, adding that it was a request from Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray.A little later traffic from Sion towards Kalanagar junction was allowed to move. However, youths who had come to keep vigil outside Matoshree started getting restive and began moving around on the road, hampering traffic movement and prompting the police to halt traffic again.But as the evening wore on, conversation outside Matoshree veered from how to reach home since buses and autos had stopped plying, to whether they should head towards Shivaji Park and spend the night there. Surprisingly, civic officials conducted a fumigation drive late at night around Kalanagar to get rid of mosquitoes troubling the crowd.Ravindra Mhatre and Tejbahaddur Thapa, the Sena supremo's close aides, couldn't control their tears as ice boxes were brought in late Saturday evening to preserve Thackeray's body.Raj Thackeray and wife Sharmila reached in the afternoon.Only his immediate family and doctors were around Bal Thackeray when he breathed his last, as most political leaders and others had left Matoshree by then.Raj and his wife left Matoshree in the evening without saying anything about his uncle's demise.The mood on Saturday was tense all through the day in and around Kala Nagar, the tree-lined Bandra enclave where Matoshree, the well-fortified residence of the Thackerays.Hordes of Sainiks queued up before Kalanagar since morning to get the latest update on Thackeray's condition. A heavy barricade stopped them from inching closer to Kala Nagar.According to sources, calls were put to key relatives as Thackeray's pulse rate dipped alarmingly on Saturday afternoon. They started to pour in as the Sena patriarch's condition took a turn for the worse, leaving no scope for the medical team to resuscitate him, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261522", "title": "CM: Clean ghats within 12 hours", "text": "PATNA: Soon after his arrival here from New Delhi on Saturday, chief minister Nitish Kumar , accompanied by some of his cabinet colleagues, inspected different Ganga ghats on MV Ganga Vihar and set a deadline of Sunday morning for the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) and Patna district administration to fully clean all the ghats.The CM inspected all the ghats falling between Mahendru and Didarganj Ghat to take a first-hand account of the arrangements made by different government departments for Chhath. He asked the officials to make proper arrangements at all the ghats.He was impressed to see the arrangements made at Mahendru Ghat and Adalat Ghat. The other ghats inspected by him included Guru Gobind Singh Ghat, Gai Ghat, Kacchi Ghat, Khirki Ghat, Gandhi Ghat, Bankipore Ghat, Collectorate Ghat, Law College Ghat, Anta Ghat and Mirchai Ghat. He said, \"The temporary bridges made at Mahendru Ghat and Adalat Ghat are very useful. The bridge at Adalat Ghat should be made permanent and locals should also visit the Mahendru Ghat as the two ghats can accommodate more than one lakh devotees.\"After inspecting the ghats, the CM instructed PMC officials to ensure removal of plastic bags from every ghat. \"I can see that the cleaning drive at the ghats is in full swing, but still the stink of garbage persists. The PMC and district administration officials should ensure spick and span ghats for the Chhath devotees by Sunday morning.\"He also inquired about the temporary ponds at several ghats, where water has become dirty and can cause health complications to the Chhath devotees. Several separate ponds have been dug up to make clean water available to them.\"Streetlights and extra lights should be provided on the roads leading to the Chhath ghats. I want to see all of them functional during the festival,\" the CM said.\"During the past three days, garbage has been lifted from several areas and the roads approaching the ghats will also be cleaned. At least three to four senior officers are there to oversee the cleaning process at each ghat,\" said Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh. He was confident that the work to clean the ghats would be complete by Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261725", "title": "Karunanidhi condoles Sena supremo\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK president M Karunanidhi condoled the death of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray .The DMK leader said the news of Thackeray's death came at a time when people of Maharashtra believed he would recover. Karunanidhi recalled his meeting with the Shiv Sena chief during a brief stay at Hotel Oberoi in Mumbai, in 1968.\"Thackeray visited me at the hotel and we had a long chat. Though we had differences of opinion, I was impressed by his love and simplicity,\" he said, adding that Thackeray never compromised the interests of his people.\"His son, Uddhav Thackeray, who is grieving over the loss of his father, is leading the party very efficiently following in his father's footsteps. I express my deep condolences to the family and friends,\" Karunanidhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17259918", "title": "I-League: Mohun Bagan rout Salgaocar", "text": "KOLKATA: Mohun Bagan's stand-in coach Mridul Banerjee ended his four-match stint on a high as his team punished Salgaocar for their listless display by pumping in three goals without reply in the sixth-round I-League encounter at the Salt Lake Stadium on Saturday.In another match, East Bengal achieved a remarkable 3-0 victory over Churchill Brothers Sports Club , but except for the scoreline, everything was unfamiliar about the triumph in a sixth round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda.East Bengal dominated in short spells and, most importantly, got the goals that mattered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262291", "title": "Children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Day fiesta at school", "text": "LUDHIANA: As part of Children's Day celebrations, Ryan International School, organized an inter-school dance competition on Saturday, on the school premises. Actor and singer Gaurav Saggi was invited to cheer and judge the participants, along with Corporation Bank deputy general manager U C Nayak and assistant general manager Venketeshwar.During the competition, students were divided into seven categories each of group and solo dance performances. Students presented lively dance performances and showcased immense talent, dedication and competitive spirit. The event captured the essence of Children's Day in the true sense of the word.While congratulating the winners, principal Parveena John said, \"To ensure that we do not loose sight of the path shown by Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru, we at Ryan International School make every effort to vesture our children like blossoms radiating peace, joy and harmony. Chairman Dr A F Pinto and Grace Pinto wished all the children on the special day. BCM Arya wins declamation contestCivil Lines: Students from about 20 city schools participated in the Reena-Simmi memorial inter-school declamation contest organized by Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, in the school auditorium on Saturday. Each of the 20 teams had two participants \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one each for Hindi and English. BCM Arya Model School, Shastri Nagar won the overall trophy at the contest.While principal of Arya College, Ludhiana, Dr R C Tejpal was the chief guest on the occasion, Anupama Moudgil and Dr Kiranjeet from Government College for Women, Ludhiana and Dr Rajinder Jain and Dr Hardeep from Government College for Boys were the judges.Every student got three to four minutes to speak on thought provoking topics proposed for the declamation. The cultural items presented between the contest as fillers by Class VII students Ritvick, Mehak and Larika and Class VIII student Ritika entertained the audience. Congratulating the winners, Dr Hardeep declared the results. Among the English orators, Nakul Aggarwal of KVM, Civil Lines stood first, Anishka of BCM Arya Model Senior Secondary School, Shastri Nagar stood second and Japleen Kaur of Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar won the third prize. Arpit Kaur of GGN Public School, Rose Garden, was given the consolation prize.Among Hindi orators, the winners were Manveen Kaur of GGN Public School, Shreya Jain of KVM, Civil Lines and Yamini of GRD Academy in that order. Lovedeep of BCM Arya Model School, Shastri Nagar, was given the consolation prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260955", "title": "Bal Thackeray's death an irreparable loss: Shivraj Singh Chouhan", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has expressed profound grief over the death of Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray . Describing Bal Thackeray's death as an irreparable loss, Chouhan said a lion-hearted person has left us.The chief minister said Thackeray was a strong supporter of nationalist ideology, a multi-dimensional personality, able organiser and great patriot. An era of Indian politics has ended with his demise. Chouhan has cancelled all his programmes scheduled for November 18. Chouhan will visit Mumbai to participate in the last rites of Thackeray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262897", "title": "Doctor named in drug trials appointed ethics body chief", "text": "INDORE: In a move that could be against the ethics of a transparent probe, the authorities of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College have appointed Dr Ashish Patel as secretary of ethics committee whose name was mired in the 'unethical clinical trials.'In January 2012, the union health ministry had restricted Dr Anil Bharani and Dr Ashish Patel of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGM) to keep off, after investigations indicated that they flouted clinical trial norms. Strikingly, Dr Patel has replaced Dr Bharani as secretary of the Ethics Committee to enquire into the allegations raised by one Anil Saude holding doctors responsible for death of his mother during the clinical trial procedure.The matter came to fore after Dr Patel wrote a letter to Saude asking him to appear before the sub-committee on December 31 this year to register his views. Recently, the director of National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST), D. Hanumantrai had shot off a letter to Dr K.D Bhargava, chairman of ethics committee asking him to look into the complaint of Anil Saude. NCST had directed Dr Bhargava to take appropriate action in the matter and submit its compliance report within fortnight.To show its activeness in taking up the complaint, Dr Patel wrote a letter to Saude on November 16 stating that they held a meeting on 13.10.12 at medical college for registering his views but he didn't appear. However, Saude said he didn't receive any such communication from ethics committee. Now, next meeting is scheduled on December 31, where president of sub-committee former Justice P.D Muley, Padamshree Kutty Menon and advocate Yogesh Mittal will hear the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhuj", "code": "17260131", "title": "Guardians of the frontier", "text": "BHUJ: The Border Security Force (BSF) braves the harsh terrain and remote locations that the Army does, sometimes to a greater extent, but doesn't get the same spotlight. Of all the difficult environments the BSF faces - it is responsible for the borders shared with Pakistan and Bangladesh, Indo-Tibetan Border Police ( ITBP) looks after those with China - none hold a candle to the Greater Rann of Kutch.The demanding working conditions include extreme temperatures, dust, lack of water or trees or protection from the sun. To this mixture, add salt. Lots of it. Furthermore, the ground beneath your feet may not always be stable. It could be three feet of seawater or a thick sludge sucking in your boots. This is what BSF jawans face 24 hours a day, usually for months at a go.\"Our daily struggle is against the terrain. Our positions are deep in the Rann, with the 50 km to 70 km of harsh terrain behind us,\" says BSF deputy inspector general (DIG) U K Nayal. \"The heat is incredible, the winds are very strong. In storms, you can't see beyond the vehicle bonnet.\"The 7,000 sq km Greater Rann is the world's largest salt marsh. Additionally, a 4,000 sq km section of it is covered by crisscrossing sea channels which keep changing course and making new pathways. This means the BSF have to employ land vehicles, boats of various drafts and aircraft.BSF sources say that jawans in the Rann complain of higher than usual incidence of joint troubles, skin and eye ailments.WHEELING TROUBLELast year, BSF inducted four all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) at a forward outpost close to the Harami Nala and Sir Creek along Gujarat's Pakistan border. These vehicles, which cost about Rs 2.5 crore each, were manufactured by Italian company Aris. The units carry 16 people, climb inclines, operate in slushy areas and in water move like a boat.The air-conditioned vehicles were to alleviate the jawans' troubles; however, the cooling seemed to have fallen prey to the Rann and functioned only on the blower mode when this reporter was given a demonstration. A source remarked that the ATV seemed engineered with Italian temperatures in mind.There also seems to be trouble keeping the ATVs in ship shape. \"It is not possible to take the vehicle to Bhuj 50 km away. We get engineers to the site for repairs. The manufacturer also sends engineers periodically,\" said DIG U K Nayal. Aris has no presence in the country.At the time of the ATV trials in 2009, BSF had floated tenders for four hovercraft but these are still in the procurement process.ABUSED WATERSThe most infamous of sea channels is the Harami Nala, an inward extension of the Sir Creek and Kori Creek systems. It earlier extended a few kilometres into the Indian territory but has now moved 30 km in with erosion and changing channels. The nala now begins from India, enters Pakistan and re-emerges in Indian areas. To aggravate the situation, it joins another channel at a tri-point junction, potentially allowing boats access to large area of the Rann.BSF plugged this a year ago. In a herculean effort, the men physically carried two 600 kg boats, and walked 10 km through ankle-deep water and slush to deploy them in the nala.FENCING WOESThe fencing of 340 km of the border is one area where BSF is behind schedule. The work includes building a road along the fence as well as installing floodlights and sentry posts. BSF suffered a setback earlier this year when a 20 km swathe of fencing and the road beside it was washed away after floods in Pakistan. \"We are almost 80% through. Engineers are now working using better technologies and techniques,\" said Nayal.FIGHTING FOR FAUNAThe vast tracts along the Pakistan border are home to a large variety of animals. Apart from the massive number of flamingos, pelicans and other water birds, the area abounds in chinkara, neelgai, foxes, wolves, jackals and other small animals.This year's summer was a withering one in Kutch, which remained dry well into August. BSF constructed watering holes along the routes the tankers took to outposts. Old plastic storage tanks were repurposed or small basins were dug and cemented at regular intervals, and once the tankers had supplied outposts, on their way back they would fill these up for the wildlife.BSF is not just responsible for the border. Its mandate includes safeguarding the resources of and inhabitants of border areas.LIGHTWEIGHT'S HEAVY FIREThe force has inducted Israel-developed X-95 assault rifles as well as Italian Beretta Mx4 Storm carbines. These are as much as 35% lighter than the arms they replace, the Insas and AK series assault rifles. Another major advantage is that the new material is corrosion-resistant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261544", "title": "Wall collapse crushes 14-year-old's legs and dreams", "text": "CHENNAI: Naveen Kumar wanted a bicycle for Diwali. He wanted to grow up to become a policeman. Now, the dreams of the 14-year-old, one of the five injured after the compound wall of his school collapsed in Royapettah on Friday, lie crushed. His left leg had to be amputated and his right leg has been severely damaged.Doctors at the Government General Hospital laboured through Saturday to save his right leg. \"The main blood vessel to the leg has been damaged, and the wound continues to bleed,\" said resident medical officer Dr Anand Pratap. \"The nerve below the ankle is damaged, because of which he will not have control over his foot.\"After the surgery, as Naveen lay in the post-anesthetic care unit, his father Narayanan, a watchman in a private firm, and mother Lakshmi were praying he would open his eyes and smile, but a part of them dreaded the moment. \"He doesn't know his leg has been amputated,\" sobbed Lakshmi, who was forced to make a big decision when asked if she wanted his \"leg or life\". \"Last night he asked me why he could not relax placing one leg over the other, and why he could not feel his legs at all. I did not know what to reply,\" she said.Naveen's leg was a crushed mass when his sister Deepa, a Class 11 student, and father removed the sheet covering him at the Government Royapettah Hospital (GRH) on Friday. \"Doctors said it was bleeding profusely and too much debris and dust had been mixed with the flesh to even try cleaning it,\" she said.Naveen had begged his mother to buy him a new cycle for Diwali, but as the family couldn't afford it, he consoled himself saying his sister was getting a cycle from the government, and he would ride it to buy his mother rice.\"He would not mind walking to the shop even 10 times a day to buy provisions,\" said Lakshmi. \"I remember him walking towards me carrying the rice bag over his shoulder earlier this month,\" she says. His neighbours on Azeez Mulk Street described him as a quiet, mature but active boy who loved to play with younger children. \"Every evening my son, who is three years younger, and Naveen would either cycle around the block on borrowed cycles, play cricket or throwball,\" said Anita Raju, a neighbour.Family and friends say Naveen, a bright student, was his family's hope for a better life. \"His father is not intellectually smart,\" says his cousin S Swathi. \"He had big dreams of buying a car and bigger house,\" said Lakshmi. \"Now, I just beg Lord Muruga, to whom Naveen prayed everyday, to assure us of his life. I will take care of him with or without his legs.\"Doctors said the three other children injured in the acceded were out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267326", "title": "Russell Brand planning to become yoga teacher", "text": "Russell Brand is reportedly planning to open his own yoga studio in Los Angeles with the help of his instructor Tej Kaur, to aid other drug users in getting rid of their addiction.\"Russ has -always wanted to set up his own yoga studio and has decided to make it his new project,\" the Mirror quoted the source as saying.\"His teacher at Goldenbridge Yoga is in charge of teacher training at the centre and has encouraged Russ to take the course. He -decided to give it a go. The pair have -become good friends and Russell relies on Tej to bring -calmness into his often crazy life,\" the source said.The source said that if Russell enjoyed instructing then he plans to open his own studio to help other drug-users, the publication said.\"He has this idea of an all-giving studio where teachers work for their own fulfilment and those in need such as the homeless and addicts in need of finding their spiritual soul,\" the source said.\"Once he's finished his course next Spring, he'll set up his own studio in Los Angeles.\"He wants to create his own mantra and take his teachings round the world like other -renowned teachers he's learned from in the past,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17260863", "title": "Camp for budding naturalists held in Chorla", "text": "KERI: Vivekanand environment awareness brigade, Keri-Sattari, in association with Goa Sudharop, successfully organized a two-day basic naturalist training workshop at Mhadei research centre, which is nestled on top of Chorla ghat on the borders of Goa, Maharashtra and Karnataka.Director of Mhadei research centre Nirmal Kulkarni provided practical experience in handling instruments like global positioning systems , castrels, hygrometers and snake hooks which are essential in studying different aspects of wildlife. He also showed how to use a camera trap in the forests to learn about the behaviour of wildlife.Rahul Khanolkar briefed the naturalists about the Mhadei biological region and highlighted the quadrant sampling survey of flora and also provided guidance on forest survey.Range forest officer of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary Paresh Porob explained about various issues of environment and shared his personal experiences about wildlife. He urged participants to enter the wildlife sanctuary with utmost care and curiosity since it is the habitat of wildlife. Arnold Noronha spoke on the snake identification, snake bites and also on the first aid essential following a snake bite by showing live bamboo pit vipers found during the night trail in the jungle.Narayan Parodkar explained about solid waste management by giving examples from surrounding communities.Rashmita Satodkar from Mulgao in Bicholim taluka said, \"For me this basic naturalist training workshop was indeed eye-opening and has helped me to learn various facets of nature and wildlife.\"A Manjunath from Farmagudi said, \"Learning about nature and wildlife in the lap of the lush green Western Ghats was a memorable experience for me and other participants of the workshop.\"Budding naturalists made group wise presentations based on the experiences and information gathered by them during the workshop in the jungle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17266225", "title": "Bawa stuns his way into round of 64", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's Ish Bawa, playing in familiar surroundings, enjoyed a good run of the balls as he won both his matches to qualify for the knockout round of the NSCI-National Pool Championship, 2012.Bawa, a member of the NSCI, did not take much time to adjust to the tables and quickly got into rhythm as he first scored a stunning win against seasoned Delhi cueist Vijay Goel 5-3 in a long drawn Group-H encounter.Having tasted success over a more recognised opponent in his first match, Bawa seemed to have grown in confidence as he later tamed the challenge of Gujarat's Shehzad Shaikh posting a quick 5-2 victory to make the round of 64.Last year's champion, Alok Kumar of PSPB started off strongly by also winning both his matches to progress to the next round.Meanwhile, top seed Sandeep Gulati of Delhi suffered a shock defeat in his first match of the men's 8-ball competition. The ace cueist from Delhi went down fighting to Maharashtra's Sumeet Devang 4-5 in the race to five frames double elimination round Group-C match at the National Sports Club of India, Worli on Saturday.However, he managed to stay alive in the competition as he was awarded a walkover after his opponent Dipendra Pinkyar of Maharashtra failed to report for the match in the loser's bracket.Results:Men's 8-ball double elimination round - Group-A: Alok Kumar (PSPB) bt Nikhil Saigal (Mah) 5-0, Alok Kumar bt Prayansh Verma (Mah) 5-0, Nitesh Madan (Dli) bt Mahesh Jagdale (Mah) 5-2.Group-B: Sumit Talwar (Chd) bt Abhay Doshi (Mah) 5-0, Prashant Mhatre (Mah) bt Anupam Jha (Bhi) 5-2, Sumit Talwar bt Prashant Mhatre 5-2.Group-C: Alam Shaikh (Mah) bt Dipendra Pinkiyar (Mah) 5-1, Arpreet Seth (Chd) bt Ashutos Mitri (Mah) 5-1, Sumeet Devang (Mah) bt Sandeep Gulati (Dil) 5-4, Alam Shaikh bt Arpreet Seth 5-1.Group-D: Abhishek Soparkar (Mah) bt Neeraj Kumar (PSPB) 5-3, Laxman Rawat (Dli) bt Ronnie Daruwalla (Mah) 5-1.Group-E: K.S. Naveen Kumar (Kar) bt Satbir Narula (Mah) 5-0, Hasan Badami (Mah) bt V. Subramanian (Mah) 5-0, Divya Sharma (Har) bt Naveen Kumar 5-2.Grou-F: B. Balaji Reddy (Kar) bt R. Girish (Rly) 5-4, Zulfikar Saria (Mah) bt Punnet Kaushik (Dli) 5-3, Pratamesh Sawant (Mah) bt Bunty Retra (Dli) 5-3, Rishabh Pandya (Mah) bt Sunil Jain (Mah) 5-1, Balaji Reddy bt Zulfikar Saria 5-0.Group-G: Shabaaz Khan (PSPB) bt Raju Shah (Mah) 5-0, Rafat Habib (RSPB) bt Megh Shah (Mah) 5-0, Amon Goel (Mah) bt Nadeem Qureshi (Mah) 5-2, Shabaaz Khan (PSPB) bt Amon Goel (Mah) 4-1.Group-H: Ish Bawa (Mah) bt Vijay Goel (Dli) 5-3, Dilip Kumar (RSPB) bt Rajit Mehta (Mah) 5-0, Ish Bawa bt Shehzad Shaikh (Guj) 5-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261893", "title": "Chandigarh PGI exam to be held on December 8", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI's MD/MS entrance exam, which was scrapped following the paper leak, will now be conducted again on December 8.The entrance test for 148 general seats will be conducted at different centres in the city from 10 am to 1 pm. The centres will be announced on Monday. Following the question paper leak during the previous test on November 10, this time around the PGI has made arrangements for metal detectors, jammers and frisking at the exam centres.P K Pradhan, health secretary, Union ministry of health and family welfare, said, \"PGI had informed the police in advance. The exams have also been rescheduled. We are equipped with jammers and metal detectors this time.\"Senior officials have refused to divulge further information on reinforcement of security as it's a highly confidential matter. \"We will have tight security but we cannot spell out the details as it would alert the unscrupulous elements,\" said Dr Amod Gupta, dean, PGI.According to sources, senior faculty will be posted as observers at each centre. When asked about the email and the identity of the person who provided the tip-off to PGI on the question paper leak, Chetan PS Rao, deputy director of administration, PGI, said, \"We cannot disclose the identity of the person who intended to prevent the scam. As soon as we were informed a day prior to the test, the police were informed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17262927", "title": "Journalist Giri dies in road accident", "text": "BHOPAL: Senior journalist Vedvrat Giri died in a road accident in Aligarh district of Uttar Pradesh on Saturday. The accident took place between Aligarh and Etah.The incident took place when Giri, who had gone to his sister's place in Bulandshahar on Bhai Dooj, was returning to meet his father at Etah. He was driving a Wagon-R and could not control the vehicle at a turn, resulting in the vehicle hitting a truck from behind and Giri's death on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262469", "title": "Thackerays put their faith in Muslim doctor", "text": "For almost every day during the past five years, pulmonologist Dr Jalil Parkar visited his most famous patient, Balasaheb Thackeray , at the latter's bungalow in Bandra (East). It was a relationship that began with a Sena bigwig calling the UStrained chest specialist to check on the patriarch. It was his medical prescription that helped bring under control Thackeray's chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), a progressive lung disease that makes breathing a difficult exercise. A steady doctor-patient relationship thus began, with Dr Parkar being present every time the Thackerays \u00e2\u20ac\u201d be it Balasaheb or his son Uddhav \u00e2\u20ac\u201d took ill.Parkar's friends say that the doctor saved the senior Thackeray's life five times in these five years - something that earned him the family's complete faith. \"Everytime Balasaheb was brought to the hospital, it was because Parkar realised in time that the leader urgently needed hospitalisation,\" said a senior doctor from Lilavati Hospital, where Parkar consults.Given Thackeray's Hindutvadi politics , people have always remarked about his personal doctor being a Muslim . The doctor, for his part, refrained from answering any such questions, but consistently maintained that the Shiv Sena chief was one of the kindest men he had met.When Thackeray Senior needed a second heart intervention in 2009 (the first intervention was done in 1996), it was Parkar's advice that made the difference for the leader who wasn't too fond of medication. When Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray needed a heart intervention in July this year, it was again Parkar who led the Thackeray family through the medical drama.The 50-something doctor, who worked in the Middle East before returning to India in 2000, passed out of Grant Medical College before going to the United States for further studies. His father, he has mentioned in the rare interviews he has given, was a strict disciplinarian who wanted each of his three sons to be a doctor.The doctor, who has confessed to be being a mischievous student, would always seek to disarm pointed and uneasy questions with a funny line when asked about his famous patient. But on Saturday, he was a model of grace as he read his first and last medical bulletin on Thackeray: \"We could not revive him despite our best efforts. He breathed his last at around 3:30pm.\"DR JINDANI | CRITICAL CAREDr Prakash Jindani is easily one of the city's best-known intensivists. Many hospitals vie for his skills. He briefly left Lilavati Hospital, Bandra (W), before rejoining recently. He passed out of Sion Hospital and has been associated with treating many high-profile patients admitted to Lilavati's ICU. While intensivists are relatively unknown figures in medicine, Jindani's name appeared in news columns mainly because of his VVIP patients. He headed the teams that took care of Amitabh Bachchan's hospitalisation in 2007 and Uddhav Thackeray's hospitalisation in July 2009. Along with Dr Ahmad Ansari, he took care of the Shiv Sena chief during the latter's last days in the makeshift ICU at Matoshree, Bandra (E).DR ANSARI | CRITICAL CAREDr Ahmad Samad Ansari, who is in his mid-30 s, is the in-charge at Lilavati Hospital's sixth-floor ICU. He studied medicine in neighbouring Madhya Pradesh and specialised in anaesthesia before taking up a superspecialisation in critical care. He was first part of the team that attended to Bal Thackeray during the Sena chief's hospitalisation in 2009. In the past two weeks, he has been spending hours at Matoshree attending to Thackeray in the makeshift ICU.DR MENON | CARDIOLOGISTDr Ajit Menon is a senior cardiologist with Lilavati Hospital. He, along with Dr Samuel Matthew Kalarickel, performed an angioplasty on Bal Thackeray in July 2009. The same team performed two angioplasties on Uddhav Thackeray in July and November 2012. Menon is among the team of specialists who was on Thacekray Senior's healthcare team. The other consultants included urologist Hemant Pathank, dermatologist Chetan Oberai and anaesthetist Satish Kulkarni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17265004", "title": "Gambhir flies back to Delhi after grandmother dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India opener Gautam Gambhir on Sunday flew back to Delhi before commencement of the fourth day's play in the first Test against England following the death of his grandmother.Confirming the development, media manager Vinod Deshpande said that the opener took a flight to Delhi this morning after hearing the news of his grandmother's death.\"I don't know when he will be back. It probably will depend on what happens today in the match,\" Deshpande said.Reserve Ajinkya Rahane came as a substitute for Gambhir when play started at the Sardar Patel Stadium in Motera on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17262487", "title": "Balasaheb's real-life roars inspired reel drama", "text": "MUMBAI: Bal Thackeray had a close, and sometimes tempestuous, relationship with cinema and literature, especially with movies and books that had characters resembling him.Mani Ratnam's Bombay and Ram Gopal Varma's Sarkar were two such films. Both films were shown to the Shiv Sena supremo before they were released.In Bombay (1995), the character resembling Thackeray plays a key role in the communal riots that follows the demolition of the Babri Masjid. In a column titled, 'Sexism more than communalism' , Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar had written then, \"Mr Mani Ratnam showed the film in advance to Mr Bal Thackeray , supremo of the Shiv Sena, and accepted some cuts.... One of the characters in the film is a caricature of Mr Thackeray, shown as a prime mover of violence who, towards the end, looks aghast and repentant at the havoc he has wreaked. Mr Thackeray himself has objected to this scene, saying he is not repentant in the least.\"Senior journalist Vir Sanghvi had also expressed a similar view in one of the columns he had penned in 2010. Sanghvi had then written , \"When Mani Ratnam's Bombay was released , Bal Thackeray objected on the grounds that the Thackeray character in the film was shown to regret the violence. 'I regret nothing ,' the Senapati declared. 'My boys took revenge on behalf of Hindus and I am proud of what they did.\"Sarkar (2005) was also released amidst a degree of controversy. The film's protagonist, played by Amitabh Bachchan, runs what looks like a parallel government. The Thackeray family watched the film in advance, although director Ram Gopal Varma denied that he had been forced to give the showing. Earlier, the director had also paid a visit to Thackeray and explained the character played by Bachchan to the Shiv Sena boss. Reports said that the Shiv Sena supremo had hugged director Varma after watching the movie. He had reportedly said, \"You've captured my life so perfectly I can't believe this isn't my story!\"Thackeray's real-life persona was also said to have inspired a character in literature. Salman Rushdie's first major effort after The Satanic Verses was the tome The Moor's Last Sigh, which featured the fictional Raman Fielding , who was painted as a star of the rightwing Hindu movement in Mumbai. Fielding is said to be a thinly disguised caricature of Thackeray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263214", "title": "CRPF DG on one-day visit to state", "text": "RANCHI: The newly-appointed CRPF director general (DG), Pranay Sahay, arrived here on Saturday for a day's visit to Jharkhand to gather first- hand information about ongoing anti-Maoist operations in the state. This was his maiden visit to the state after taking over as the DG of the central paramilitary force.Sources in CRPF said the DG met chief minister Arjun Munda and discussed the ongoing operations in the state, problems faced by his men posted in remote areas, etc. At present, 16 battalions of CRPF are posted in Jharkhand.Officials at the chief minister's secretariat said the meeting was more of a courtesy call as Sahay had come to the state for the first time after his appointment as the CRPF DG. \"During the brief interaction he assured the chief minister of providing every support to the ongoing anti-Maoist operations in the state . He also requested for support from the state to improve basic infrastructure in places where CPRF personnel are posted and facing difficulty in their day-to-day movement,\" said a source. The CM assured the DG of every help to the CRPF.Jharkhand police spokesman IG SN Pradhan said the state was expecting two additional battalions of CRFP, but their arrival could be delayed. \"Sahay discussed about the additional deployment of CRPF personnel in Jharkhand but with new problem cropping up on Jammu and Kashmir , their arrival is likely to get delayed,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261416", "title": "Petrol traders seek more commission", "text": "KOZHIKODE: All Kerala Federation of Petroleum Traders has asked the government to increase the dealer commission in the state in view of high wages, sales tax and electricity charges.The annual general body meeting of the federation held recently also asked the government to stop allowing new petrol pumps near the existing ones as it would result in further reduction in sales. The federation demanded that the commission be fixed on percentage basis.S Muraleedharan from Kollam and K P Kumaradas from Kozhikode have been elected the state president and secretary of the federation respectively. Other office-bearers are: Rajesh R- treasurer, Ashraf Y-- joint secretary, K P Sivanandan, V J Vakkachan and Suni Abraham-- vice-presidents.Petroleum traders' federation wants government to stop allowing new petrol pumps near the existing ones, as it would result in reduction in sales", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17262562", "title": "Smog delays flight, Sheila blames it on stubble burning", "text": "LUDHIANA: Poor visibility due to smog in Ludhiana on Saturday delayed Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's flight and fuelled another round of blame game on pollution caused by paddy stubble burning in Punjab.The private Bombardier BD-700 Global Express carrying Dikshit and a leading telecom industrialist family was scheduled to arrive at 9.45am but landed at 12:24pm due to low visibility at Halwara airport near here.Later Dikshit told mediapersons, \"Now, I completely believe what Nasa experts found out on burning of paddy straw in Punjab. In their own state, there is so much smoke and pollution that our flight was held up for so long before we got clearance from the Halwara airport.\"Dikshit, who holds the environment portfolio, also said her government had enough facts to present a case in the Supreme Court that the smog crisis in Delhi was not because of vehicular pollution. On November 9, the apex court had expressed concern over the rising pollution and smog in the Capital. It had asked the Delhi government to find ways to deal with it. However, Dikshit had blamed the stubble burning in Punjab for pollution in Delhi.Following the delay, Dikshit, who was supposed to first visit a school for underprivileged kids at Mohi near Halwara, had to skip the event and rush to Nehru Sidhant Kender Trust, for another programme.Stubble burning in lakhs of agricultural fields by Punjab farmers had caught the attention of Nasa recently when its Aqua satellite sent images of the state's agri farms in which entire Punjab appeared to be literally on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263112", "title": "Candidates protest against TET rules", "text": "RANCHI: Candidates for 18,000 posts of primary teachers have sent around 300 postcards to HRD minister Baidyanath Ram and chief minister Arjun Munda requesting them to amend the newly formed primary school teachers' appointment rules to give more opportunities to candidates from Jharkhand.A member of the Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh and an aspirant, S Ali, said, \"Under the new rules, one will not be appointed just by clearing Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET). It will depend on the summation of average marks received in matriculation, intermediate, graduation and TET.\"Ali explained that the examination system in the state has never been good and students have not been able to score high marks. \"In such a scenario if the average marks are calculated, students from Jharkhand will never get a fair chance. On the contrary, outstation students will excel,\" said Ali.Another problem area is the Urdu paper. Md Anwar, another candidate, said, \"In schools and colleges we are taught Urdu in the Hindi script. But when it comes to writing the exam, they want us to write Urdu in the Urdu script. Because of this the primary Urdu teachers' appointment examination organized by the Jharkhand Academic Council in 2011 saw only 32 candidates clearing the test and the rest 4,369 failing. We should be allowed to write both in Urdu and Hindi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262068", "title": "Husband, in-laws sent to judicial custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the case of death of 35-year-old woman Monica Goyal, who died under mysterious circumstances last month, a local court here on Saturday sent all the main accused in judicial custody for 14 days.Accused in this case are deceased's husband Vikas Goyal, parent in-laws Gyan Parkash and Prem Lata, and brother-in-law Vishal Goyal. They have been booked under various sections of the IPC, including murder and destroying crucial evidence.On Saturday, the accused also filed an application in the court seeking B-class facilities at Burail Jail.Monica, a school teacher, died due to asphyxia caused by hanging. However, the final autopsy report has confirmed that there were two internal head injuries and she had died 12 to 24 hours before the death was reported.On Saturday, Monica's family members also staged a brief protest outside the court, demanding strict punishment for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265653", "title": "'I refuse to disguise my age'", "text": "Sudha Murthy tells Purba Dutt about the greatest law of Physics that strengthens a marriage, and why she loves her grey streaks.If she's better known as Narayana Murthy's wife, it's because he has, willy-nilly, hogged more limelight. From being the first female computer engineer in the precincts of the venerable Tata Group and a prolific author with as many as 25 titles against her name, to having an impressive body of philanthropic work, Sudha Murthy's is a woman of many talents. At 62, and grandmother twice over, she shows no signs of slowing down. Behind her often stern, no-nonsense appearance and down-to-earth demeanour, there lies a fun person with an impish sense of humour. Excerpts from an interview... What does writing mean to you? I have been writing for 30 years now, but the writing bug first bit me when I was in college. For me, there's no better way to express myself. There are stories that crowd my mind, and are waiting to be pushed out and be written. I am a storyteller at heart. For someone who's talkative and outgoing like you, writing must be a tough discipline... When I am writing, I shut myself away from everything else. This talkative person in front of you retreats into total silence. I do not interact with anyone. It's a complete immersion into the project. Think of a samadhi, and you'll get the picture. Who better than you to pen Mr Murthy's biography... How can I ever do that? I am his wife, and friend. When you write someone's biography, it has to be completely unbiased. Both Murthy and I are determined not to have our biographies written. At least, not officially. Talk about Sudha, the mother-in-law... You have to ask my son-in-law and daughter-inlaw about that! My latest book The Day I Stopped Drinking Milk has been dedicated to Rishi and Lakshmi, my son-in-law and daughter-in-law, respectively. I tell them that they do not have to make any adjustments for us. It is we, the older generation, who should be making the adjustments. Let's never forget that we've had our innings and it's now time for them to start and open theirs. We should make way for the youngsters instead of expecting them to come around to our ways. Your husband is reticent to the point of being self-evasive. You are an incorrigible extrovert. How does it work so well between the two of you? That old Physics law of attraction of opposites! Besides, I need to have a listener, and Murthy is the perfect listener. I realised early on that he is a man of few words, and that I should make my peace with it. Marriage works well if you don't have grand expectations from each other. I talk, he listens, and it works. Murthy may be economical with words, but he's a very giving person. But you like going out for movies, and he's certainly not one for that... I take my sister with me. But recently, and it took some doing (the fact that the hall was very close to home helped), I made him watch English Vinglish with me. He liked it. I think it was a brilliant movie, and many middle-class women in India will be able to relate to the subject. Sridevi was a delight to watch. Apart from writing and your philanthropy work, what are your other interests? I like to walk. I like to climb. Travel is a passion, too. Then there's the foodie in me, who loves to try out different vegetarian cuisines. What are the things that are non-negotiable in the Murthy household? Respect for elders. Touching of elders' feet is a must, and the other rule that can never be broken is that there will be no non-vegetarian and alcohol presence or consumption inside the house. The best thing about being Narayana Murthy's wife, and the worst? It's because of Murthy that I could give wings to my philanthropy work. I'd never have the money to go about it in such a big way. I have emulated much from him, including his compassion. The worst is not being able to remain anonymous when I want to. Sometimes I wish to have a cup of tea on the roadside, but the fear of being recognised puts paid to my plans. You don't colour your hair... I absolutely refuse to. I see no reason to disguise my age and what comes with it. The other day, I was at this party where a young boy looks at me and runs to tell his mother that this aunty has coloured her hair. In that entire gathering of dyed crowns, I was the only one with grey streaks! purba.dutt@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17262850", "title": "TDP leader to reach out to youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: His homework appears to be sound and he is bang on target. But will it fetch the expected dividends is the moot question. Palem Srikanth Reddy, president of the state professionals' cell of the TDP, is all set to launch a non-political movement with the mission of educating the youth of the state in the age group of 18-30.As the first part of his statewide tour, he is to embark on a visit to Anantapur beginning Sunday followed by Chittoor. \"My aim is to educate the youth in the age group of 18-30 to become more focused on their future and be politically conscious in order to vote for a clean party and candidate. It is a non-political movement, but in the end I hope the conscious young voter sees the future of the state safe in the hands of the TDP,\" he told STOI.Titled 'Yuva Patham', the right path to future for the youth, the movement is to be carried on for 205 days a year. According to Srikanth Reddy, of the total 8 crore population of the state, 33% or about 2 crore are in the age group of 18-30. \"And it is this group that would be the single biggest influencing factor in the 2014 elections,\" said the IT professional who happens to be a Stanford University alumnus. Srikanth Reddy's aim is to reach out to at least 10% of this target group, which would be 20 lakh. \"Divided by 294 assembly seats, it would amount to about 5,000 to 6,000 youth voters per constituency. My assessment is that most of them would be either first time or second time voters,\" he said. Srikanth Reddy's 'Yuva Patham' would involve interacting with students at various educational institutions as well as with the youth in the town or village square. \"The last vehicle in my five-strong convoy will have a stage and a public address system. I will act as a moderator and ask the youths and students to speak their minds out. I have already received a tremendous response in the trial runs that I undertook,\" he said.According to him, 15 lakh youths graduate every year, and only 9 lakh of them get jobs. At the rate of 6 lakh unemployed youth every year, the state would have 20-30 lakh educated unemployed frustrated youth in the state. \"My aim is to reach out to them,\" Srikanth Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17260755", "title": "Turtle-nesting Morjim beach 'hosts' party again", "text": "PANAJI: On a dim moonlit Saturday night, animal lovers were hoping flippered visitors would finally surface on Morjim beach; instead they encountered a beeline of guests headed to a nearby night club's party, in alleged violation of CRZ 2011 rules.For 'Club Fresh', which shifted from Candolim to Morjim in 2011, the party was its season-opener. Boasting of a 1,500-ft dance floor and a 40-ft bar, the club's officials said they had all the requisite permissions, including one from the deputy collector.But the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), in November last year, designated Mandrem and Morjim in North Goa and Agonda and Galgibaga in South Goa as turtle-nesting beaches. And under CRZ rules, parties on such beaches are not allowed.Disappointed that this year too authorities had issued approval for a party on a turtle-nesting beach, greens pointed out that on December 11, last year, a fashion show (reported by TOI then) was held near the same restaurant despite the ban.When contacted, curt 'Club Fresh' officials said they had secured the requisite permissions to hold the party. \"We have all the approvals, including one from the deputy collector,\" said an official. Another denied that the event was being held close to the beach. \"We are away from the beach,\" he told STOI. Further questions were not entertained.GCZMA officials said they had not received any complaint about the event, \"but restrictions are in place regarding use of sound and lighting for the entire stretch of turtle-nesting beaches,\" said member secretary Michael D'Souza. \"These instructions, dated November 4, 2011, were issued to tourism, collectorate and police authorities for enforcement, and if there are any violations, the deputy collector has to initiate action,\" D'Souza said.But Meena Naik Goltekar, deputy collector and sub-divisional officer, Pernem, said she was \"not aware\" that Morjim is a designated turtle-nesting beach. She confirmed that permission for use of sound had been issued to the club. \"We issued it based on the DySP's report for use of sound up to 10pm. Approval for lighting is beyond my purview,\" she told STOI.Activists trying to monitor the happenings at the venue were daunted by a tight security ring around the place. \"There was no loud music, but the party went on till late night,\" a source said. They said authorities should not issue any permission for parties on the entire beach as such activities dissuade turtles from coming to shore. Turtles are yet to arrive on Morjim beach this season.While the state's modest turtle conservation was pioneered by activists in 1997, environmentalists are disappointed with successive governments for lack of sensitivity in enforcing CRZ rules. The restrictions imposed on turtle-nesting beaches are waived off only for religious and traditional festivities of local communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17260826", "title": "Margao shop gutted in massive blaze", "text": "MARGAO: A massive fire broke out in a shop that houses the office of Goldstar machinery and general company on the Isidora Baptista road, behind Grace Church, Margao late Saturday evening.Officials from the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) stated that prima facie it appeared that the fire was caused due to short circuit which engulfed two shops and caused heavy losses to the owner, P Kharpe.F&ES; officials stressed that the exact cause of the fire could not be ascertained and that equipment such as water pumps, motors and electrical devices were gutted in the blaze. They added that the incident took place at 8.50pm and that the owner had closed his shop just before the incident and was alerted about the fire when he was travelling home.The shop is located in one of the busiest streets in the heart of Margao town. There was a huge traffic jam when the massive fire broke out in the evening rush hour. Besides, the area is full of residential and commercial buildings.Margao police rushed to the site and immediately cordoned of the area. \"The fire broke out around 8.45pm and two fire tenders were deployed at the scene and there were no casualties or injuries when the fire broke,\" said Margao PI Sudesh Naik.\"We are not in a position to estimate the exact amount of losses, as this is a hardware store and there is so much of electrical equipment in this store which led to such a big fire,\" added Naik.\"I went to the site and my daughter was with me and later my wife came and we are just very shocked at what has happened,\" said Karpe while speaking to a few mediapersons at the site.Margao DySP Mohan Naik also rushed to the site and stated that the losses could be calculated on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261332", "title": "Met office predicts rain for coastal areas today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Light to moderate rainfall will occur at a few places in coastal Odisha on Sunday due to the influence of a depression formed over the Bay of Bengal on Saturday. According to the India Meteorological Department (IMD) centre, the system is likely to intensify further into a deep depression and move towards Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu causing widespread rain.Director of the local IMD centre L D P Ray said the system would have not much impact on Odisha except causing light to moderate rainfall at some places in coastal parts of the state at least for two days. The cloudy weather would also lead to rise in night temperature, he said. However, the cold day condition would continue to prevail over some pockets in interior Odisha on Sunday, Ray said.The weathermen also forecast that under the impact of the system strong and gusty surface wind speed reaching 45 kmph to 55 kmph is likely to prevail along and off Odisha coast. The fishermen have also been advised not to venture out into the sea.On Saturday, many places in coastal Odisha witnessed a cloudy weather while the lowest minimum night temperature of 7.6 degree Celsius in the state was recorded at Phulbani, according to IMD's weather report. Cold day conditions prevailed over some parts of interior Odisha and minimum temperature rose by 2 to 4 degree Celsius over some parts of coastal Odisha and changed little over rest of the state, the weathermen said.Among other places, the minimum night temperature at Sundagarh was recorded 9.9 degree Celsius followed by Koraput (10.0 deg c) and Keonjhargarh (10.2 degree Celsius). Bhubaneswar recorded minimum night temperature of 18.2 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264536", "title": "Swedish House Mafia comes to Delhi", "text": "In a bizarre twist of fate, Delhi, which is usually termed as a veritable pariah when it comes to handling big music concerts, has suddenly become this hotspot, where every EDM lover wants to be. As the international EDM band Swedish House Mafia (SHM) takes centre stage in Noida tonight, Delhi will be proudly proclaiming that it played host to people coming in from far and beyond to attend a music concert.With the Mumbai leg of SHM's India tour getting postponed in wake of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's demise, fans are doing anything and everything possible to reach Delhi, just to be a part of the One Last Tour by the EDM giants.As soon as the news of Balasaheb's death was announced, SHM, consisting of trio Axwell, Steve Angello and Sebastian Ingrosso, posted on their Twitter page, \"Our sympathies to all in Mumbai on the death of Bal Thackeray . We've postponed the concert and new date announced asap (as soon as possible).\" However, they assured that the gig in Delhi will happen as per the schedule. \"Delhi is on tomorrow. Stay tuned for more information and our thoughts are with you all,\" they posted further.With the news going viral, fans wasted no time in looking for ways to make it to the Delhi concert. A source from within the team of organizers said, \"We have had a lot of queries coming in from fans about the fate of the Mumbai concert. As of now it is postponed. We are trying to work out the dates with SHM's management; most probably for Monday, but nothing has been finalized as of now. Because of this uncertainty, most of the fans are going to Delhi for the concert. No one wants to miss SHM's last concert together.\"Delhi bound While the organizers dismiss the probability of passes being transferred to Delhi, they admit to trying their best to accommodate last minute requests at the Delhi venue. \"The tickets to this concert are numbered and we are almost sold out. This was one of the fastest selling event, and all tickets were sold online by SHM's management. They've not given us any right/ allowance to transfer any passes. However, we are trying to make space for the Mumbai crowd to turn up for the Delhi gig,\" said the source.Sukriti Khosla, a 25-year-old, who had come to Mumbai from Pune for the concert with her friends , is one such fan, who is coming to Delhi. \"If you are an SHM fan, you just cannot miss their last concert. I'm ready to pay any amount, just to hear them play live. And you never know if they will ever come together or not. I just have to be there,\" she said, adding that she will be hand-to-mouth for the rest of the month, as she has shelled out all her money on the concert ticket and airfare.Twenty seven-year-old Sunny Pandey is coming to Delhi from Mumbai only on faith. He says, \"Ticket or no ticket, I'm coming to Delhi anyhow. I'm sure I can fix up some jugaad for the passes, but in case I'm unable to do so, I will stand outside the venue and listen to them. That way too I'll be listening to them live.\"Mumbai behaved The fact that the Mumbai concert got cancelled just a few hours before it was scheduled to start, could have spelled doom for the organizers. But the way Mumbai dealed with the situation was commendable say the organizers. \"We had sold 25,000 tickets for the SHM concert in Mumbai. By the time the news of Balasaheb's death came, almost 15,000 people had already reached the venue. We had a tough call to make, and in respect of Balasaheb, we - SHM and the organizers decided that it will be best to postpone the concert. Anything could have happened after the announcement - from the crowd going berserk to breaking equipments - but Mumbaiites were very understanding of the whole situation. Best part, everyone left very cordially and nobody misbehaved in any way,\" a source said.As far as reimbursing the money or adjusting the dates is concerned, the source said, \"We requested all ticket buyers not to tamper with their wrist bands, as it is a proof of their ticket purchase. Also, since all the tickets were sold online, we do have an approximate record of people who bought tickets. In case, the concert doesn't happen even on Monday, we will refund the money. We will soon make an announcement on our Facebook page.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17260849", "title": "Train derails near Dadri, 8 hurt", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: At least eight passengers were injured after their coach was thrown off the railway tracks near Dadri on Saturday morning. No fatalities were reported. The incident hit the railway traffic for almost 4 hours.The train had just left Dadri station and was going towards Sapur Basti when it was derailed near Rumas village. The fourth coach from the engine was affected, said officials.Several passengers panicked and jumped off the train, added officials.At least eight people were reported injured, including two women passengers, who sustained multiple fractures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261335", "title": "Letter adds twist to doctor death row", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amidst the raging controversy over the death of Ayush doctor Madhabilata Pradhan, her family on Saturday claimed that a letter written by the deceased doctor had accused a BJD leader of pressurizing for her transfer.The revelation assumed significance as the deceased's family has alleged that she was under tremendous stress after being transferred in May from Rebena community health centre (CHC) to Kanas, both in Puri district, under political pressure.The undated letter, addressed to director of national rural health mission (NRHM), joint director (administration) of NRHM and Puri district collector, read: \"Doctor Charulata Swain, medical officer of Kanas, has applied for transfer to Rebena CHC in my place. Her application has been forwarded and recommended by the chief district medical officer under the influence of Puri zilla parishad chairman (Debaraj Behera). I pray you not to approve my transfer because I am suffering from aplastic anemia and taking blood transfusion frequently. My mother is ill.\" However, she was transferred from Rebena, which was very close to her village Brahmagiri, to Kanas in May.Pradhan's brother Nilakantha said he stumbled upon the letter while rummaging through her cupboard on Friday. \"We will inform the Crime Branch about the letter and demand the investigating agency to grill Behera,\" he said.Behera admitted that he had recommended Pradhan's transfer from Rebena to Kanas, but denied causing mental harassment to her. \"I had recommended her transfer on April 4, 2012, following a petition by some villagers of Kanas, who wanted her in their area because of her good work at Rebena,\" Behera said. \"I had no ill-intention towards her,\" the BJD leader added.Behera apart, BJD MLA Sanjay Dasburma was also earlier accused of mentally harassing the doctor. Dasburma had admitted of recommending her transfer, but denied harassing her.Also on Saturday, ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma visited Puri to take stock of the investigation. \"Our investigation is moving in the right direction. We will submit our inquiry report to the Orissa high court next week,\" Sharma said. On November 7, the high court had directed the government to furnish progress report of the case within two weeks.Pradhan was found dead on the railway tracks near Puri on October 12. However, her death was confirmed on October 27. Railway police said she had committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261233", "title": "Gurgaon's tribute to childhood", "text": "GURGAON: The first-of-its-kind children's museum that opened in Ambience Mall on Children's Day seems to have provided the city kids a place where they can explore and learn new things even as they play.\"It is the first interactive play-based learning space for kids. There are some children's museums in the country but in them the kids cannot touch anything. Here everything is interactive where kids can play and learn simultaneously. The response has been very promising and already we have had a school trip and two birthday parties,\" says Akshay Sethi, the owner.He and his wife Anjana Menon returned to India recently after working abroad for several years to find that there were few recreational facilities for their children in the vicinity.The owner couple claims the Stellar Children's Museum is the country's \"first edu-recreational museum\".\"As of now, there is nothing that even remotely compares with our concept. We are providing the first-of-its-kind educational play space for kids - a place that excites both children and their parents,\" says Akshay Sethi, managing director of SCM.The museum has over 50 interactive exhibits, integrating fun-filled activities with experiential learning. \"These are vital to nurturing a child's creativity and curiosity especially at an early age. It is a one-stop shop for a fun family outing - play, eat and shop,\" says Sethi.Packed with 10,000 square feet of interactive exhibits and play areas, the museum offers a \"welcoming, safe, imaginative, child-centred learning environment\" to children in the age group of 2-8 years. There are seven main zones of interactive learning -- Create it!, Invent it!, Build it!, Discover it!, Live it!, Explore it! and Splash it! - to engage children in arts &amp; crafts, science &amp; experiments, design &amp; construction, geography &amp; culture, water fun, pretend play, social skills &amp; adventure and investigation.INVENT IT: Kids are transformed into budding scientists as through experimentation they explore various physical sciences including air, gravity and magnetism.BUILD IT It provides opportunities to investigate the applied sciences by combining and rearranging components to alter existing objects or create new objects in interactive that utilize simple machines and other tools.CREATE IT The gallery offers the space and materials to explore various media and foundational concepts of the arts, colour, line, form, texture and composition.LIVE IT It gives a chance for role play and self-expression along with various interactive methods to encourage the development of problem solving and reasoning skills through various activities that involve sorting, counting, guess and check. SPLASH IT Kids can explore the way water moves (fluid dynamics) by watching it, touching it and redirecting it.DISCOVER IT It presents an overview of the world they live in by enabling them to explore the cultures and regions through touch and sight.EXPLORE IT It takes them on a journey to the depths %of the forest, providing opportunities for sensory investigation and gross-motor challenges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17262014", "title": "CID to probe if attack on cops had been instigated", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Saturday ordered the CID to probe the alleged attack on police by a mob in Nadia's Tehatta, which prompted the cops to open fire, killing one and injuring another. The district police have lodged a complaint against the mob, alleging that it had first attacked the police on Wednesday.CID sources confirmed that on Sunday, a CID team led by a special superintendent ranked officer will visit the spot. According to CID officers, the agency will investigate on the basis of the complaint to find out who were the people behind the attack on police.DIG (CID) Vineet Goyal explained that CID will investigate the entire incident. \"Our job is to find out who comprised the mob and who and what instigated them to attack the policemen. We will also find out who were the people carrying firearms and whether the incident was planned,\" said a CID officer.Goyal also confirmed that they will investigate in what situation the police opened fire on the agitators. A CID officer confirmed that the investigation will not overlap with the magisterial inquiry that the state government has ordered to probe the firing.The alleged police firing on the agitating mob at Haulia in Tehatta left one dead and another injured. Police registered an FIR against 18 persons and an unknown mob comprising thousands. In the FIR, police accused the mob of attempt to murder, grievous hurt, obstructing police from performing duty, arson, rioting, damages to public property and use of illegal firearms. In their complaint, the district police alleged that eight policemen were seriously injured in the mob attack. Police claimed that the mob was armed with lethal weapons like iron rods, wooden sticks, bombs and firearms.The district police have already arrested four persons named in the FIR - Madhu Ghosh, Sujit Sardar, Anup Haldar and Ramprasad Bhowmik.Since February 2011, CID has been entrusted to probe three cases of mob-police clash where police opened fire on the mob. But in neither case has CID been able to conclude the investigation by submitting the final report or the charge sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262351", "title": "Naukri, vada-pao and Marathi asmeeta", "text": "Contrary to popular opinion, the issue of injustice to Marathi people wasn't created by the Sena out of thin air\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit was one discussed at length on various political and polemical platforms before the party was even formed. It was Thackeray who steered it along a definitive coursewhipping up a frenzy against migrants who, he said, were taking away jobs from the locals, he exhorted the Marathi youth to address the wrongs\u00e2\u20ac\u201dreal or imaginarydone to it in its own state.Thackeray delivered on what he promised\u00e2\u20ac\u201deven if often in ways best described euphemistically as unconventional. The Shiv Sena set up unions in the private and public sectors\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe Bhartiya Kamgar Sena (BKS) and the Sthaniya Lokadhikar Samiti (SLS)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand jobs were wangled for locals, mostly through coercing managements to fix \"job quotas \" and accept Sena candidates. Under the leadership of Dattaji Salvi, known for his aggressive style of functioning, the BKS weaned locals from the Left unions and got them jobs in premier companies. The SLS did the same for white-collar Marathis.Prakash Akolkar, author of Jai Maharashtra, says that many were unwilling to accept jobs they considered lowly. \"But Sena leaders virtually forced them to accept,\" he says. \"And their family members even today express their gratitude to the Sena for what it did.\"Along with jobs, the Sena facilitated entrepreneurship as well, offering locals soft loans to set up vadapav and vegetable stalls. While English coaching classes were set up in the '70s to help Marathis shed their fear of the language and attract better jobs, the Sena also insisted on the use of Marathi in workplaces and demanded that central government and PSU job opportunities also be published in Marathi newspapers . The BKS and SLS grew into the Sena's bulwark, and the party's victory in the BMC elections in 1985 vastly helped them expand their constituency.However, the Sena's pact with the Hindutva-espousing BJP signalled the beginning of the end of its core agenda. When Thackeray switched to Hindutva, the Marathi manoos got gradually relegated to the back seat. \"The Sena-BJP got state-level power in 1995 and could have done so much for Marathis but, ironically , by then the Sena had started losing its grip on the sons-of-the-soil issue ,\" says a political observer. A further drifting away , he avers, was witnessed in 2002 when the party, under Uddhav's leadership decided to garner the support of the growing North Indian communit and the term 'Mee Mumbaikar' was coined to denote all those living in the state for the past 15 to 20 years.A Sena insider avers that the huge block of committed voters created by Thackeray's initial employment opportunities helped the party retain its position in Maharashtra despite the mass exodus after the exit of senior Sena leaders like Chhagan Bhujbal and Narayan Rane. But with the Marathi manoos feeling increasingly alienated from the party in the last decade, the future is anyone's guess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17262247", "title": "The man who changed Maharashtra politics", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena, the party founded by Bal Thackeray in 1966 significantly changed the path of Maharashtra politics\u00e2\u20ac\u201da violent street ethos entered the picture and the colour red, once the dominant political hue of Mumbai's labour class, was obliterated. The party was an extension of the 1950s' Samayukta Maharashtra Samiti which fought for the creation of a separate state for Marathis with Mumbai as its capital.The Samayukta stir brought Thackeray, then a young Samiti activist, into close contact with street politics and the Marathi manoos. And it was the latter's cause that he espoused later, whether through speeches , activism or through Marmik, the publication he launched in 1960. Then, locals were getting restive about the growing influx of migrant jobbers into Mumbai, especially from South India, and the Marathi weekly, chock-a-block with cartoons by Thackeray, published lists of South Indians occupying key positions in government in Mumbai.This fanned the flames of Marathi ire and cleared the decks for the rise of the Shiv Sena. Thackeray also had a cartoonist's eye for symbolism and used this to great effect\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsuch as the time when he stood on the bonnet of an Ambassador at the Gateway of India and demanded that the Gateway be shut to outsiders.But it was the Sena's agitation in Mumbai in February 1969 to demand a peaceful settlement to the Maharashtra-Karnataka border row that really catapulted Thackeray to centre-stage . After 56 people died when the then deputy prime minister Morarji Desai ordered firing on a Sena morcha, and Thackeray and his colleagues were arrested and sent to Yeravada Jail in Pune, Shiv Sainiks took to the streets. There was widespread violence and Mumbai burned for almost a week. Eventually, chief minister Vasantrao Naik personally asked Thackeray to issue a peace appeal from prison. From a dingy cell in Yeravada, Thackeray emerged as the uncrowned king of Mumbai.After the blanket success of the first bandh called in February 1969, the bandh became the Sena's weapon of mass destruction. So deep was the fear of Sena gangs on the streets that not a man, dog or child ventured out on bandh day. The Congress used this street power for its own vested interests and patronised the Sena to crush the Communist trade unions in Mumbai and Thane. There were violent fights between the foot soldiers of the two parties, culminating in the murder of CPI MLA Krishna Desai. Thackeray made clever use of the state machinery to overthrow the Left unions and ensure a smooth expansion for his nascent party\u00e2\u20ac\u201dbacked at the ground level by job opportunities and entrepreneurial encouragement for the Marathi manoos.Long before coalition dharma became a fashionable word in national politics, Thackeray had made and unmade poll alliances without batting an eyelid. In sealing electoral pacts he covered Maharashtra's political spectrum from the Left-secular Socialists to the right-wing BJP to the Indian Muslim League. He was quick to gauge the popular mood of the moment\u00e2\u20ac\u201din 1987, with the Ram Janam Bhoomi issue gathering steam and Shiv Sena leader Ramesh Prabhoo's win to a Vile Parle by-election seat, Thackeray switched promptly from Mee Marathi to Hindutva. After the demolition of the Babri Masjid in December 1992, he began to brandish his Hindutva agenda with added belligerence.The '90s was a decade of troughs and crests for the Sena chief. If his partymen were accused of and indicted for triggering one of the worst communal conflagrations in Mumbai in the wake of the Babri Masjid demolition in 1992-93 , what followed ironically was victory in the subsequent assembly elections in 1995. It was also the decade when intraparty squabblings started to take a toll on the Sena's well-knit , monolithic structure. Thackeray's blue-eyed boy and former Mumbai mayor Chhagan Bhujbal defected to the Congress in December 1991 on the issue of OBC reservation. (This marked, in a way, the Sena's democratisation in that Thackeray realised that in-fighting in the party could no longer be quelled by strongarm tactics.) He was followed a few years later by Sanjay Nirupam in 2004 and Narayan Rane in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261426", "title": "Woman accuses her neighbour of rape", "text": "LUCKNOW: A woman accused her neighbour of raping her in Telibagh area. According to police, 40-year-old Sunita Devi (name changed) does domestic chores in the Telibagh area to feed her seven children. Her husband had died several years back. Sunita told the police that her neighbour Avinash Kumar Puri, cornered her in an isolated spot and forced himself upon her around 10.00 p.m. on Thursday. Puri works as a security guard at a private school in the area and according to police, is acquainted with the victim's family. The police have pressed charges against the accused under IPC sections of 376 (rape) among others. Puri was arrested subsequently upon the complaint of the victim and is under custody.The police however remained apprehensive about the victim's claim. \"The age of the accused is about 20 and also the fact that he was known to the victim is something that we cannot ignore, while investigating the matter,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17261751", "title": "Journalist's bail plea rejected", "text": "MANGALORE: The III JMFC has rejected the bail application filed by TV channel reporter Naveen Soorinje who was arrested in connection with the homestay attack case at Padil in the city on July 28. Naveen, the prime witness to the attack allegedly carried out by the members of Hindu Jagaran Vedike, is the 44th accused in the case. Advocate Sathish Bantwal filed the bail application before III JMFC on behalf of Naveen on November 8. Investigating officer, assistant commissioner of police TR Jagannath submitted the investigation report before the court on November 9. It was contended in the bail plea that Naveen is innocent and police have foisted a false case against him. However, hearing the objections of the assistant public pleader, judge Renuka Devidas Raikar rejected the bail plea of Naveen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265970", "title": "Nakuul Mehta\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Dal baati", "text": "My earliest memories of food I I recall having spent most of my early summers at my grandmother's place where I'd be perpetually in the store room, looking for eatables. I was called a 'chuhaa' (mouse) by her.  One dish I just cannot resistMy mom's Rajasthani Dal baati. My lunch comprisesI like a simple lunch. Paneer, dal, roti and salad make my day. After a tiring day at work, I love to pamper myself withI'd rather be served. If not, I can make some good egg sandwiches.On a date I love eatingSome fine Italian food and Sangria (wine) would be perfect.My most romantic dinner till dateI had gone with my wife to this fantastic restaurant in Koh Samui (Thailand). The food was outstanding. It was an amalgamation of beautiful setting, fantastic service and gorgeous company.For my wife, I love makingDelectable omelettes.With my friends &amp; family, I am a regular atI love trying different cuisines. I am a nomad when it comes to food. I go wherever my craving takes me.A sweet something I crave forTiramisu.When I don the chef's apronI usually whip out an excellent Continental breakfast for my family.When I am hosting a partyI usually end up making drinks. I am an excellent bartender. Nakuul Mehta's Dal baati  Ingredients: (For baati): Atta: 1 cup, Besan: \u00c2\u00bc cup, Sooji: 1 tbsp, Ghee; \u00c2\u00bd cup (melted) , Saunf: 2 tsp (crushed), Ajwain: 2 tsp (crushed), Salt to taste, Ghee to brush the baatis: \u00c2\u00bc cup (For panchmel dal): Chana dal: 1/3 cup, Arhar dal: 1/3 cup, Moong dal: 1/3 cup, Whole moong: 1/3 cup, Urad dal: 1 tbsp, Chilli powder: 3 tsp, Turmeric powder: \u00c2\u00bc tsp, Coriander powder: 1 tsp, Garam masala: \u00c2\u00bd tsp, Cloves: 3, Bay leaves: 2, Green chillies: 2, Hing: a pinch, Dried mango powder: 2 tsp, Tamarind pulp: 2 tsp, Ghee: 3 tbsp, Salt to tasteMethod: Mix all the ingredients and knead them into a firm dough. Divide the dough into 10 equal portions and shape them into an evensized round. Flatten the rounds using your fingers. Next, boil water in a broad vessel and drop the baatis in the boiling water for 15-20 minutes. When the baatis are done, drain them and keep aside. Heat your gas tandoor and put the baatis on the grill of the tandoor. Cook them over a medium flame for about 20 minutes. For the panchmel dal, clean and wash the dal and add 4 cups of water and pressure cook till the dal is cooked. In a separate bowl, combine chilli powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder, garam masala with three tablespoons of water and mix well. Keep this mixture aside. Heat the ghee in a pan and add cloves, bay leaves, green chillies and hing, tamarind pulp, dried mango powder and saute for two minutes. Next, pour the hot panchmel dalover the baatis and add some ghee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17260046", "title": "Lawyers' chambers to be ready by next year", "text": "KANPUR: The state government has cleared the proposal of construction of chambers for advocates in Kanpur court premises.Ramendra Singh Katiyar, president, Kanpur Bar Association announced that 112 chambers were proposed to be constructed behind new collectorate building in the court campus.The new plan was sanctioned around three months ago and since then, work on other formalities was on. The layout and blueprints had been prepared and no-objection certificates were sought, he added.Katiyar said the state government had released funds to the tune of Rs 56 lakh for the chamber construction and the chambers are expected to be handed over to the advocates next year as all the formalities have been completed.When his attention was drawn towards the disputes and charges of nepotism in earlier allotment of chambers, Katiyar said the project was double storied, and the 43 displaced advocates will be accommodated first. Priority would be given to the active senior advocates of the court and thereafter to others, he said.After allotting the chambers to the displaced advocates, the remaining chambers would be given on lottery basis which would be held in the open.As more than 5000 advocates are either working independently in Kanpur or as legal consultants, scarcity of land for them has long been a major problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262016", "title": "Three yrs after raid, chemists booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After a three-year delay, Chandigarh police filed a chargesheet against Kumar Brothers' owners Ashwani Kumar and Parmod Kumar for allegedly supplying spurious medical products under the banner of Johnson &amp; Johnson Healthcare &amp; Pharmaceutical Company in PGI.Kumar Brothers' is a drug shop in Sector 11. A raid at the shop on November 11, 2009 led to the recovery of some spurious products of the Johnson &amp; Johnson Company. A chargesheet was filed on November 15.Another medicine shop, Jindal Associates in Sector 22, was also raided and its owner Navdeep Kumar was arrested for supplying spurious medical products of Johnson &amp; Johnson. The spurious products recovered included surgical items and medicines. The raid was conducted by a joint team of representatives of Johnson &amp; Johnson Company from Mumbai and crime branch sleuths of the Chandigarh police.Initially, the investigation was being conducted by the crime branch. It was later transferred to the Sector 11 police station, which was under former SP Deshraj Singh. Sector 11 police station SHO Gurmukh Singh said a chargesheet had been filed against Kumar Brothers' owners Ashwani and Parmod after forensic results of spurious products were seized from CFSL-36.He said the chargesheet against Jindal Associates owner Navdeep Kumar was filed earlier. The supply of spurious medicine came to light when a PGI doctor made a complaint to Johnson &amp; Johnson Company informing officials about the supply of spurious products in PGI in November, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17263227", "title": "Sunday biriyani is a 50-year tradition in our family: Vikram Prabhu", "text": "You come from a family of foodies. How was it when your grandfather, Sivaji Ganesan , was around? I guess it all started with him. We are all basically from Thanjavur and he loved his different varieties of southern food. My grandmother learnt how to cook different meats and she would prepare dishes for him specially. Grandfather used to like guinea fowl (kaadai and kowdhari) and mostly lamb items. And the preparations were always different. Although I stopped eating now because of my diet, everyday when I go down for lunch they always have a different preparation of chicken or mutton or prawn and about three to four varieties of vegetables. And since we are joint family, it's more portions. Food is a big deal at home! In fact, a five star luxury hotel in the city actually sends their chefs over our house to get trained by my grandmother in traditional Thanjavur cuisine. They have been doing it for years and some of our family preparations were even on their menu.What's your dad, Prabhu's, favourite food? If you go down Thanjavur side, they make brain fry or bheja fry and he enjoys that a lot. He also loves payaa and mutton biriyani. Every Sunday, we prepare biriyani at home. It's an affair my grandfather started for family togethers every Sunday. Biriyani is a special preparation so every Sunday is special for us as the family gets together. Any friends of ours who want to drop in for biriyani, also do. This has been going on for almost 50 years in our home. It's a tradition in our family.We hear visitors who come are served a meal always. My grandfather felt when guests come over the only thing that they remember after a while is the meal that they have. The food that is given should always highlight their afternoon or evening when they have come to our home. It should be something to talk about. So even if someone comes at 2 or 3 am, there will be something prepared and given to them.How did your love for fine dining start? As much as we love south Indian food, we like to go out and try out every new restaurant. I got into fine dining because I like to try out new things and discover new things. I love North Indian and Peshawari food and Chinese.Do you cook? I did learn cooking because in college (in the US) I used to crave for curries. The toughest dish I made was tandoori chicken. And I don't like pre-made masala so I learnt to make it from scratch. I enjoy cooking; it's like my stressbuster. I barbecue whenever I get time over the weekends here with my cousins.Have you ever made a romantic meal for your wife? Well, no (smiles). When you are here, you like to go out and dine. May be I have made her breakfast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17262666", "title": "Mutual trust, non-violence vital for peace, Dalai Lama says", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Addressing Tibetan and foreign supporters from around 43 countries at Dicky Tsering hall in McLeodganj, Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama said: \"Whatsoever the elected Tibetan leadership says about Tibet is absolutely correct. Situation is serious in Tibet and the issue is neither good for the Tibetans or the Chinese. Use of force is not the solution.\"Dalai Lama said that India is a populated democratic country and China is a populated totalitarian country. \"India and China relations should be based on peace and mutual trust. Deploying a large number of troops by the Chinese along the border automatically creates fear and suspicion,\" he said.\"Tibet's unique culture and fragile environment should be preserved. No matter how powerful China is, they have to embrace the trend of freedom and justice,\" said Dalai Lama.He said that the Tibetan struggle has been based on non-violence. \"Anger causes violence. When we lack self-confidence, we use a gun. So on a global level, non-violent methods should succeed. A number of Chinese democratic activists express their solidarity towards our movement\".Categorizing Tibetan issues, Dalai Lama said, \"Damage to ecology comes first. Tibet's environment has been disturbed through deforestation and exploitation of natural resources. Second, since the Nalanda tradition of Tibetan Buddhism reached Tibet, various aspects of knowledge developed in Tibet. It laid stress on maximum transformation of the heart and not just prayers and rituals.\"\"Tibetan Buddhist culture is a culture of peace and non-violence. Preservation of Tibetan culture is very much needed because it is a tradition of peace, love and compassion,\" he said. It was the second day of the crucial meet on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264425", "title": "Saswata, Rajatava to rap for a film", "text": "Saswata Chatterjee and Rajatava Dutta will be singing together in Anik Dutta's 'Ashchorjyo Prodeep'. \"The film, set in the backdrop of today's consumerist society, is about a modern-day Aladin. It traces the metamorphosis of a middle-class man who chances upon Aladin's magic lamp. There is a portion in the film where dialogues are delivered in a lyrical fashion. We are recording that portion today with Rajatava and Saswata,\" informed Anik.Said Saswata, \"I'm all geared up for today and hope to pass with flying colours.\" Rajatava seemed equally excited. \"There are dialogues which rhyme and we will record that along with some music,\" he informed. Music of the film is scored by Raja Narayan Deb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261348", "title": "Mananchira: Where the city takes a memory walk", "text": "KOZHIKODE: An evening in the lap of nature, that is what Mananchira square means to hundreds of people thronging the square to spend leisure time with their family and friends. In spite of the emergence of many new parks in the city, Mananchira square, which was opened in 1994, still remains as one of the most favourite hangouts for people in around the city.The city has only four main spots - Mananchira Square, Lions Park at Northern side of beach, Sarovaram Bio-Park at Dream City and Kozhikode beach - for the people to spend their leisure time. The corporation has renovated parks in many parts of the city that were once remained unused by the general public, under the Blooming Calicut project. Under the project, small parks and traffic islands in the corporation were renovated with private participation. Beautification of S K Pottekkat Park at Puthiyara and Kelappan Park at Nadakkavu were carried out under this project. Though the Sarovaram bio-park is attractive, the stench emanating from the polluted water on the Cannoli canal and inadequate transportation facility to reach the destination keep visitors away. People prefer the Mananchira Square situated in the heart of the city as it is easily accessible and has a calm and serene atmosphere.There are many families in the city who regularly visit Mananchira on the weekends. \"I have developed a sort of attachment to that place and I feel disturbed if do not visit the spot at least once in a month,\" said Sheena Anilkumar, a frequent visitor to the park. \"My children are fond of the ambience at the Children's Literary Park adjacent to Mananchira,\" said Sheena.K P Binu, another regular visitor, who is working as a salesman at a book stall at Civil Station said that the park had enough space for children to play. \"My children insist me to take them to Mananchira Square as they get children of their age to play with them. Absence of toilet facilities is the only problem at the Mananchira Square,\" said Binu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17261380", "title": "Dressing up Rajmahal flyover", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rajmahal flyover becoming an eyesore because of defacement may soon be a thing of the past. The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) is planning to beautify the landmark property in public-private partnership mode. Some private parties have already evinced interest to beautify the busy crossing and the flyover. \"We are likely to go for an open tender in association with the public works department,\" BMC commissioner Sanjib Mishra told TOI.Mishra said the civic body will ensure that the flyover is not left to fend for itself after beautifying it once. A mechanism will be in place for long-term maintenance. Besides, action will be taken against those disfiguring the flyover walls, he said.Sources said SAM, a private organization, has submitted a proposal to develop the space with advertisement rights for 10 years. \"The organization has applied for contract to develop the space. As per its plan, it will create water fountains and lawn below the flyover. It will put up glow sign board for which it will charge fee from the advertisers and pay licence fee to the BMC. It will also maintain the area during the contract period,\" said the commissioner.Mishra said since multiple players are interested, BMC will take an appropriate decision to select the right player. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had thrown open the flyover at the busy Rajmahal Square in the heart of the city to public on October 17. But within days, political parities and business establishments have mucked the flyover walls with their posters and wall writings.Civil society members feel mere issuing of licence to a private party will not be of much help in beautification of such public properties. \"Previously, several such drives and wall painting initiatives have been undertaken. Many of those nice paintings were subsequently covered by promotional posters illegally,\" said N K Panda, former chief secretary and president of Citizens' Apex Association, a civil society group in the city.Panda said the civic body in association with the commisisonerate police should form special \"poster squads\" to crackdown on people defacing the public properties. Periodic checking during nights will dissuade others from pasting such posters, he said.Debendra Mishra, former state election commissioner and resident of Saheed Nagar, said people need to have a civic sense to prevent such defacement. \"We are very protective about our own assets. But when it comes to public properties we don't have a sense of belonging. Without that no law can prevent such disfigurement,\" Mishra said. Stricter implementation of laws may not be possible because most such illegal pasting and writing on the walls are done by political parties, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17262971", "title": "'Ban Chinese firecracker gun'", "text": "VADODARA: \"Please ban the import of Chinese firecracker gun,\" this is an urgent request of chief fire officer Hitesh Taparia to the authorities. Showing one to TOI, the like of which had set off the devastating fire at Polo Grounds, Taparia saysthe gun costs only about Rs 250.\"There are five warnings written in English on the cover, but nobody bothers to read them. Anyone under 12 years of age is not allowed to use this gun and children need adult supervision when in the vicinity of this gun. Yet, it was one such child who could not fire the gun at his home, and who then brought it back to the market to show it to the shopkeeper.He was trying to shoot it with the aim of proving its malfunction, when the gun suddenly released its bullet-cracker, which then set off the fire,\" Taparia revealed. Vadodara: \"Please ban the import of Chinese firecracker gun,\" this is an urgent request of chief fire officer Hitesh Taparia to the authorities. Showing one to TOI, the like of which had set off the devastating fire at Polo Grounds, Taparia saysthe gun costs only about Rs 250.\"There are five warnings written in English on the cover, but nobody bothers to read them. Anyone under 12 years of age is not allowed to use this gun and children need adult supervision when in the vicinity of this gun. Yet, it was one such child who could not fire the gun at his home, and who then brought it back to the market to show it to the shopkeeper. He was trying to shoot it with the aim of proving its malfunction, when the gun suddenly released its bullet-cracker, which then set off the fire,\" Taparia revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17262602", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcJill Kelley visited White House thrice\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Obama administration official says a Florida socialite, Jill Kelley, whose emails triggered the eventual downfall of CIA director David Petraeus visited the White House three times this year with her sister, twice eating in the executive mansion's cafeteria. Her most recent visit was on November 4, just five days before Petraeus resigned, according to unpublished visitor records.The visits occurred during the past three months.The White House dates seem to offer further proof of how Kelley got in close contact with Petraeus and other top US generals based in Tampa, Florida where she threw lavish parties for the local elite, The Telegraph reports.The emails show that 1: Kelly and her husband joined Petraeus for his 59th birthday; 2: On one occasion she enjoyed dinner with both Petraeus and General Allen together; and 3: Both men appeared to look to Kelley for help when a Florida-based radio DJ threatened to deep fat fry a copy of the Quran.Boasting about one particular dinner, Kelley wrote on November 8, just a day before the Petraeus scandal erupted, \"I was at the WH (White House) with my friends in the adminstration this weekend \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the stress was surreal! But glad POTUS (President of the United States) has been reelected .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17263612", "title": "Bollywood comes to a standstill for Bal Thackeray", "text": "Although by Friday evening it was being claimed by the Thackeray family that its ailing patriarch was \"stable\" Bollywood remained unconvinced. And their worst fears came true when Balasaheb passed away on Saturday afternoon .Fortuntaley all major shootings and film events had remained suspended on Saturday in spite of normalcy seeming to return to Mumbai.No filmmaker was willing to take a chance.One prominent director told this writer on Saturday morning, \"What if we resume shooting and then,God forbid,something happens? I am shooting a song. If the Shiv Sainiks hear music in the eventuality of a tragedy,God knows how they'd react.\"The shooting of Karan Johar's Unglee , Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela and Ram Gopal Varma's 26/11 remained suspended for the fourth day on Sunday.A source close to Sanjay Leela Bhansali's film says, \"We've cancelled the shooting for Ram Leela .There's a huge set of the film languishing at Film City. But it can wait.Mumbai is grieving.\"Vikram Bhatt has postponed the celebration party for the success of his latest release 1920: Evil Returns.Says Vikram, \"There's no question of any celebration or party . We don't feel like it.\"Lata Mangeshkar has also decided to indefinitely postpone the launch of her music label. \"The function scheduled for November 18 was postponed in the hope that Balasaheb would recover and would be back on his feet.Now all hope is gone.\"Amole Gupte who played a character inspired by Balasaheb in one of his most celebrated screen roles says, \"It's the end of an era.He was a giant impresario with hypnotic leadership qualities.He was an artiste par excellence and an orator who spoke bluntly. A true Tiger, the Chhatrapati is no more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17262036", "title": "CPI calls for probe into Sri Lankan war crimes", "text": "TRICHY: \"An independent international mechanism should be in place to probe war crimes and gross human rights violation against Sri Lankan Tamils. India should also raise the voice to bring about a political change to the Lankan Tamils,\" said D Raja, national secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI), here on Saturday.Raja addressed the media prior to a party meeting in the city. He was accompanied by CPI state secretary D Pandian and senior CPI leader R Nallakannu. He spoke about their participation and the resolutions passed in the 'Global Tamil Conference' held in London on November 7, 2012. Raja took strong exception to the Sri Lankan government for not obeying any resolution passed by the international community against the genocide of the Sri Lankan Tamils.During the war against Sri Lankan Tamils, representatives from United Nations Organisation (UNO), volunteers of Red Cross Society and international and national media had been denied permission to enter war zones. The Rajapakse-led government had hidden a lot of war crimes perpetrated against the Tamils. Further, Lanka did not abide by any objective of the resolutions passed in United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva last year to probe the war crimes. Hence, an independent international mechanism must probe the war crimes and human rights violations. The secretary-general of the United Nations should raise the issue in the Security Council before the next human rights council meeting in Geneva, he said.\"The discrimination against Sri Lankan Tamils still continues in Lanka and most of the areas habited by Lankan Tamils have been occupied by military and Sinhalese after the war. India, so far, supported the Sri Lankan government in the name of geopolitics, but now it should change its foreign policy towards Lanka,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261414", "title": "Bridgettine Order platinum jubilee celebrations begin", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Apostolic Nuncio in India and representative of Pope Salvatore Pennacchio inaugurated the platinum jubilee celebrations of the commencement of the missionary activities of the Bridgettine Order in India and the founding of the Kozhikode Bridgettine Convent at Marikunnu here on Saturday.Water resources minister P J Joseph delivered the keynote address and handed over the key of the Elizabeth Bhavan on the occasion. Archbishop of Verapoly Dr Francis Kallarackal and KRLCC president and Trivandrum Latin Archdiocese Archbishop Soosa Pakiam delivered the benedictory address. Mayor A K Premajam inaugurated the Fr Beretta Education Fund . ADM K P Ramadevi released the souvenir on the occasion.Varghese Chakkalakkal, Bishop, Diocese of Calicut, presided over the function. Antony Poola, bishop, diocese of Kurnool; Msgr William Rajan, episcopal vicar and parish priest of Holy Redeemer Church, Marikunnu; A Pradeep Kumar, MLA; Dr Maxwell Noronha, Bishop Emeritus, Diocese of Calicut and Fr Joseph Kalleppilly SS J, provincial superior of Kerala Jesuits, were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17261322", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t dilute Lokpal, Patkar warns govt", "text": "THRISSUR: Social activist Medha Patkar has warned of intensifying their agitation if the government weakens the Lokpal Bill.A meeting will be convened in New Delhi on November 24 to discuss this.Speaking to reporters here on the sidelines of the ninth biennial convention of National Alliance of People's Movement (NAPM) on Saturday, she claimed that the India against Corruption (IAC) could earn the credibility of people by exposing corruption. \"However, the future will prove the effectiveness of IAC entering the political arena.\"She also emphasized on the need to develop an alternative strategy to the investor-driven model of privatization and monopolization of natural resources.Addressing the three-day convention that began at Salsabeel Green School in Kiraloor on Saturday, social activist Dr Binayak Sen criticized the record of post-Independent Manipur.He said nationalism should be redefined to include criticism of the nation in the context of scores of false cases being fabricated against religious minorities, dalits and tribals who were struggling against the imposition of draconian laws.Activist K Ajitha said women in Kerala were getting exploited by the tourism industry. Calling for issue-specific struggles, Nikhil Dey of the Masdoor Kissan Sakthi Sangatan said the united opposition of people can create an alternative developmental form of politics to the current corrupt and unjust political and economic system.Ali Manik Fan from Lakshadweep said the capitalist mode of living will destroy the knowledge, civilization and imagination of people.Prof B D Sharma, a champion of tribal rights, spoke of the increasing inequality between the haves and have-nots in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17261342", "title": "State school fest logo unveiled", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The logo of the 53rd edition of the state school arts festival, to be held at Malappuram from January 14 to January 20, was unveiled on Saturday by Union minister of state for external affairs E Ahmed on Saturday. He also inaugurated the organizing committee office at MSP Higher Secondary School in Malappuram.The organizers had received a total of 77 entries for the logo contest. The theme was 'Heritage of Malappuram'.The logo designed by P Satheesh Kumar, a teacher at Palora Government Higher Secondary School was chosen.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb, MP E T Mohammed Basheer, MLAs Abdul Rahman Randathani and P Ubaidulla were present for the function.Earlier, the law and order committee of the fest decided to install surveillance cameras at all 18 venues and surrounding areas to ensure the safety of participants and visitors.The panel will approach the organizing committee to seek permission. It is first time CCTV cameras are being installed at state arts fest.Special arrangements would be made so that judges are not influenced by parents and school authorities.Police personnel in mufti would be deployed across all venues and special branch officials will coordinate this exercise.As the number of police personnel available in the district is insufficient for the smooth conduct of the fest, volunteers of social service organisations would be deployed at the venues. NCC cadets, NSS volunteers, Student Police Cadets (SPCs) will be part of this move. Police personnel would be deployed for regulating traffic and parking.The organizers had received a total of 77 entries for the logo contest. The theme was 'Heritage of Malappuram'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17260847", "title": "Rebel lays down arms in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: A hardcore Maoist surrendered in Malkangiri district on Saturday. Raja Rao Hontal (35) is from Koraput's Phulpadar village within Chitrakonda police limits. \"Impressed by the Maoist movement, I had joined the Red rebels to work for the uplift of the downtrodden. But over the years, I realized that the Maoists have done nothing for the betterment of the poor,\" said Hontal at the time of his surrender.\"The Maoists have deviated from their ideology and are mostly involved in extortion and violence. So, I decided to return to the mainstream,\" he added. Police said a month ago security personnel had raided the house of Hontal and recovered huge quantities of explosives. Hontal had managed to escape then.He had joined the Maoist organization around 7 to 8 years ago and participated in several Maoist offensives, including the Red attack on the Andhra Pradesh's Greyhound jawans at Alampekka in 2008 in which 38 jawans were killed, police said.SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh said, \"He was working both as armed cadre and an overground element of the Maoists. Besides participating in Maoist offensives, he was organizing meetings and mobilizing people for the Red rebels.\" \"He had participated in several Maoist offensives in the district and details are awaited. He had not brought any arms at the time of surrender,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261930", "title": "Govt drags feet on Esplanade beautification", "text": "KOLKATA: Two and a half months have passed after the state Public Works Department (PWD) and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had undertaken a resolution to beautify the Esplanade area, but things have not moved one bit since then. While the civic body pointed fingers at the PWD for the delay, the latter told TOI that it was waiting for a no-objection certificate from the Army.\"We have not dropped the beautification plan. I have asked the KMC officials to go ahead with the plans. But I have come to know that the project could get delayed because of some problems in the PWD department,\" said mayor Sovan Chatterjee.A senior PWD official, however, conceded that his department was waiting for an Army NOC since the land in question falls under their (defence) jurisdiction. \"We have sent our plan to beautify Sahid Minar to the Army authorities for necessary approval. We are yet to receive a reply,\" said a senior PWD official in charge of the Maidan area.According to plans, the KMC and the PWD were supposed to renovate the bus depot adjacent to Sahid Minar. Relaying of the badly damaged road with mastic asphalt, construction of two modern bus shelters, re-construction of the damaged drainage kerb channels and a proper depot to operate long-distance buses were also in the plan.Moreover, the KMC parks and squares department had planned to beautify Curzon Park and Manohar Das Tarag, a waterbody opposite Lindsay Street. \"We have planned to bring about major changes in Curzon Park. We need to construct pay-and-use toilets and some other amenities inside the park complex. We have submitted a proposal to the PWD and awaiting their NOC,\" said a KMC official. Similarly, the KMC civil engineering department officials have been waiting for an NOC from the Army for renovation of Manohar Das Tarag. When contacted, a defence personnel refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261963", "title": "Another morning Shatabdi: Pawan Kumar Bansal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's \"advantage Chandigarh\" as the recently-appointed Union minister of railways, Pawan Kumar Bansal , has promised a new Shatabdi Express from City Beautiful to New Delhi. The project, when it materializes, would meet a long-pending demand of Chandigarh residents who have been seeking another train to the national capital due to the rush and heavy booking in the present Shatabdis.Bansal, who is the local MP, recently also announced measures to improve the condition of Chandigarh railway station. He emphasized on the need to construct additional parking space and work on beautification of the place. On Saturday, which marked his second visit to the railway station after his appointment as the railway minister, Bansal promised the city what had been ignored by the previous ministers.Talking to TOI, Bansal said, \"We are definitely going to run a new Shatabdi Express from Chandigarh to New Delhi in the coming months as this has been a long-pending demand of the residents of Chandigarh. But vital details like timings of the new train and how the project will materialize, are yet to be worked out.\"The minister added: \"One Shatabdi Express already runs during the morning hours. Therefore, the timing of the new train will be very crucial. The aim will be to facilitate the most number of passengers and keep a reasonable gap between the two trains. We will soon work on gathering public opinion over the matter.\"There is only one morning Shatabdi from Chandigarh to New Delhi, which leaves the city at 6.50am and reaches the national capital at 9.50am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260536", "title": "England openers hold fort after following on", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England desperately tried to stir up the beginnings of a fightback in the first Test after following on early in their first innings at the Motera on Saturday.Scorecard | Match in PicsRavichandran Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha , who bagged a five-wicket haul, struck relentlessly till England choked and ran out of breath, being eventually bowled out for 191.After following on, though, the combination of skipper Alastair Cook and Nick Compton survived till stumps, with England being 111/0 in their second essay at close on Day 3, still 219 behind with two more days of cricket left.Though Cook (batting on 74) and Compton (batting on 34) adopted a more positive and resolute approach, it will be a herculean task for the visiting team to survive the remaining six sessions, especially with the track showing more signs of wear and tear.What will give the England camp a good night's sleep, though, is the disciplined approach they showed in the second innings. They showed patience, played with soft hands and were willing to go through the grind.Importantly, they cashed in on all the bad deliveries that came their way.It won't be a cakewalk for the Indian bowlers either, as was seen during the last session of play on Saturday. As the day progresses, the pitch tends to lose its bite and becomes easy to bat on, though the England batsmen are suspect against the turning ball.For India, it might be a matter of just one or two wickets before the rest fall like a pack of cards.\"The first session will be crucial. A few early wickets will set the tone,\" said Ojha after the day's play. Playing in his 17th Test, Ojha bagged his fifth five-wicket haul and along with Ashwin exposed England's inability to handle spin.England's most dependable pair of Cook and Kevin Pietersen were out in the middle when play started but Ojha soon cleaned up KP, squaring the batsman up and sending his stumps crashing with a perfect left-armer spinner's delivery.This is for the 25th time in 144 innings that KP has been dismissed by a slow left-arm bowler.Ian Bell lasted just one ball, stepping out and hitting Ojha and paying the price as Tendulkar held on to a well-judged catch at mid-off. Cook faced the hat-trick ball but survived, his gentle steer on the leg side falling a little short of the fielder at short fine-leg.He survived another confident shout for leg-before the very next ball, but soon Cook's patience deserted him. He leaned forward looking to drive one from Ashwin and edged to Sehwag at slip.Both Ojha and Ashwin snared eight of the 10 wickets to fall in the first innings, with two going to the seamers. Umesh Yadav and Zaheer showed that in these conditions they were a notch above their counterparts in the opposition camp.The England seamers sent down 70 overs for one wicket at the cost of 245 runs while the Indian duo sent down just 22 overs, out of which nine were maidens, gave away 37 runs and bagged two wickets.It was a good move by MS Dhoni to bring in Yadav, who got a bowl only in the 48th over of the innings, after both England top-scorer Matt Prior and Samit Patel seemed to be tackling the slow bowlers comfortably.Yadav trapped the England left-arm spinner right in front with the last ball of his first over, and was lucky to get a wicket as TV replays showed that the ball had pitched outside the line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261574", "title": "Garbage to be dumped away from houses in Kodungaiyur", "text": "CHENNAI: The city corporation will construct a new road either around the Kodungaiyur dump yard or through the garbage, for trucks to offload garbage further away from the residential buildings. Mayor Saidai Duraisamy announced the decision after inspecting Kodungaiyur and Perungudi dump yards on Saturday.The move comes after a huge fire broke out in the Kodungaiyur dump yard on November 10 and enveloped the locality in smoke. As fire broke when rag pickers tried to extract metal from the garbage, the mayor said offloading waste near gate one and gate two of the Kodungaiyur dump yard should be avoided. The two gates are at the front end of the yard and closer to residential buildings on Tondiarpet High Road.Duraisamy instructed that garbage trucks should enter the dump yard through gate three, and dump the waste far away from the housing complexes. He said that tenders were being finalised to begin generation of electricity from the garbage and close the yards. Electricity will be generated by biomining the compost or after capping the waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260121", "title": "Amul's iconic moppet to take animated avatar soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The 'utterly butterly' Amul Girl, who has stayed on billboards for decades, will soon appear in an animated avatar . The project, which will mark the golden jubilee of the Amul girl ad, will be as thrilling as the printed ones, ensure its architects. Over the years, Amul's girl has acquired an iconic status taking a dig at politicians and celebrities, instantly gauging the mood of the nation, bemoaning the state of affairs and at times even appreciating the country's rare achievement.The 3D animated version of the ad featuring the girl clad in polka-dot dress will be humorous, if not better, said an official with Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF). He refused further details saying the project is in its nascent stage.Sources indicated that the plan is to bring out animated ads based on current events. \"That is the one advantage of choosing animation over real visuals. The basic settings will be ready in different combinations so that the core theme can be changed at will,\" said a source.Amul has already approached top advertising agencies in the country to create its video advertisement. After a preliminary screening, a few agencies have been shortlisted. Toonz Animations, a Technopark-based animation institute, is among the shortlisted agencies. Creative minds at Toonz are racking their brains to bring out sample clips that may charm the officials at Anand and also millions of fans across the globe.CEO of Toonz Animation P Jayakumar was hesitant to confirm the news. \"We have submitted a proposal, but I can't comment on it,\" he said. GCMMF, the marketing unit of Amul, is tight-lipped about the project and refused to comment when TOI contacted its spokesperson.(With inputs from Anjana George)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17261345", "title": "Couple sustains burns after lamp falls on bed", "text": "COIMBATORE: A young couple, who sustained severe burn injuries, has been admitted at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) on Saturday. They are battling for their lives.According to police, a chimney lamp fell on their bed and the fire spread. The victims, Prabhu (22), and his wife Kalaivani (19), were residing in a hut at Dharmaraj Nagar at Marappalam near Madukkarai on the outskirts of the city. They had married recently. Kalaivani, who discontinued first year BA (English) from KSG College at Singanallur.As there was no electricity connection in the house, the couple was using a chimney lamp. Prabhu did not go to work for Diwali celebration.Around 8.30pm on November 15, while Kalaivani was asleep and Prabhu was chatting with his friends in front of the house, the lamp fell on their bed and the fire spread. Kalaivani raised an alarm and Prabhu rushed in and tried to douse the fire. However, both husband and wife sustained severe burn injuries.They were rushed to CMCH. Police said Kalaivani is pregnant and her condition is critical. All women police in Perur registered a case and investigation is on. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17260769", "title": "Security beefed up in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Security in the Calangute tourism belt has been enhanced since the start of the festive season on Diwali.Around 100 security personnel drawn from the Goa police, coastal security, traffic cell, India Reserve Battalion (IRB) and Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) have been deployed in the Calangute area, a senior official told STOI.Teams of armed CISF jawans with machine guns can be seen at many key junctions. It is learnt that there are three teams of four CISF personnel each in Calangute.A large number of new constables who have passed out from the Goa Police Academy have also joined duty, it is learnt. Most of the new constables are on patrolling duty on the beach to prevent hawkers from harassing tourists and to ensure orderly business operations in the shacks and by watersports operators.The new traffic police cell at Calangute, however, would seem to be the busiest with the constant traffic of outstation vehicles crammed with tourists clogging all the roads in the coastal belt.But some members of the public have been complaining that the traffic cell personnel are absent during late nights when a large number of revelers drive into the Baga party zone.The increased security measures will be in place till the end of the peak season in early January, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17261109", "title": "Investigation into Pulmedu stampede hits a roadblock", "text": "KOCHI: A crime branch probe into the stampede at Pulmedu during the Malaravilakku festival in 2011 has hit a roadblock, following investigators' failure in identifying the owner of a two-wheeler found abandoned at the scene of mishap.Due to the confusion over the ownership of the 1999-model Bajaj Boxer motorcycle, the crime branch has not submitted its final report on the tragedy in which 102 Ayyappa devotees were killed.The probe team had found that the two-wheeler was originally registered in the name of a Madurai resident, Bhoopesh Kannan. The vehicle, however, was seized by the dealer after he had defaulted in repaying the loan.The two-wheeler was then auctioned. According to records, another Madurai resident, Sundaram, purchased the vehicle. When interrogated, Sundaram denied buying the bike. The man said he had bought another two-wheeler, which has been in his possession ever since.\"We are unable to establish the identity of the owner of the vehicle, despite several visits to Maduari to follow the multiple leads we had obtained,'' a member of the probe team told STOI here. Ever since January 2011, the bike has been kept at the Vandiperiyar police station.The probe team had earlier submitted a draft report a couple of months, saying that the owner of the bike could not be found. But the additional director general of police (crime branch), Vincent M Paul, reportedly returned the report and directed the team to conduct a detailed investigation to find the bike's owner. A forensic analysis of the vehicle had not found any suspicious material.\"Perhaps, the bike belonged to one of the pilgrims killed in the accident. Or the real owner is scared and not coming forward to claim his vehicle,'' an investigating officer said.Soon after the accident, a jeep, too, was found abandoned at the scene. But, the investigators later found its owner.The crime branch team had earlier termed the incident as an accident, and did not recommended criminal proceedings against anyone. Lack of proper lighting, crowding of parked vehicles and excessive vender outlets were among the several reasons that had led to the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263114", "title": "All in the name of Sun God", "text": "RANCHI: Observed elaborately in Bihar and Jharkhand , Chhath Puja, an ancient Hindu festival dedicated to the Sun God, is considered to be one of the most rigourous forms of worship.Celebrated over a period of four days, the rituals include taking a dip in the river, fasting, abstaining from drinking water, standing in water to offer arghya to the rising and setting sun.Going by this long list of dos and don'ts, one can well imagine that it is not easy for all to observe the rituals.During this period, it is customary for people of all age groups to touch the feet of the one who observes the rituals as the person concerned is seen as a representative of the almighty.The Sun God is worshipped during Chhath for a good life, peace, prosperity and also to ward off problems. There are many who pledge to observe the fast once their wishes come true.Pandit Raghunath Mishra, a priest, said, \"The Chhathi (one who observes Chhath) must eat only gourd and rice on the first day followed by three days of fasting. There are many who observe tougher rituals like bhuinpuri if their prayers are answered.\"Talking of bhuinpuri, Mishra said, \"This is undertaken by those whose wishes are fulfilled by god. In this form of worship, one takes a stick of the height of the person himself and s/he lies in 'dand' form from the residence to the ghat.\"Prema Devi, a homemaker is all set to follow the ritual this year. \"My son met with an accident and was in a critical condition. I prayed to god for his speedy recovery and vowed that if he recovers fast, I would observe bhuinpuri. Now that god has granted my wish, I will keep the promise.\"Many people are also seen begging for all that is offered to the Sun God during the puja before the festival starts.One such person, Madhuri Devi, who was seen going door to door begging for alms said, \"I prayed for a son and was blessed with one this year in February. I had taken a vow that if my son is born, I will buy the puja material by begging on the streets and so here I am. I will observe Chhath every year from now on for the well-being of my son.\"Many who are unable to observe the rituals owing to health issues offer money to devotees to pray on their behalf.\"I have now become old and it is not possible for me to follow the strict rituals, so I give money to my neighbour who observes Chhath every year, to partake of the blessings of god,\" said Lakshmi Mishra, a senior citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17260845", "title": "CPM undecided on trust vote against UPA govt: Yechury", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: CPM leader Sitaram Yechury on Saturday said the Left party has not taken a decision as yet on whether to support or oppose the no-trust call against the UPA government by Trinamool Congress.Speaking to reporters here, Yechury said, \"The track record of the Trinamool Congress shows that they say something but do something else. We can't take a call till something tangible happens.\" Trinamool supremo and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has appealed to UPA allies and Left parties to support to her party's no confidence motion in Parliament.Yechury further said if a no confidence motion against the UPA falls, it becomes a licence for the rest of the tenure of the government to say that Parliament has endorsed all that they are doing. \"Now that sort of a clean certificate we don't want to give,\" he said.To a query on continuance of seat adjustments with BJD during the 2014 general elections, Yechury said the CPM enjoys cordial relations with the regional ruling party in Odisha. \"We will take an appropriate decision at the right time,\" he said.Yechury was in Bhubaneswar to attend an event organized to mark the birth centenary of revolutionary Communist leader P Sundarayya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261992", "title": "Lane meetings ease Sec 21 woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While problems on a macro level are immediately taken note of because of the controversy they generate, difficulties at the grassroots are often swept under the carpet. In a bid to make sure people in every locality get their concerns addressed, residents of Sector 21 have introduced the concept of lane meeting with the area councillor.As part of this venture, residents take up the problems they face with their respective area councillors in bimonthly meetings. Issues like sanitation, water, road, street light, parks and green belts are addressed in such meetings.Sachin Sharma of Sector 21 and one of the pioneers of the concept said organizing interactive sessions with councillors could help find a solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261682", "title": "Stem cells yet to prove their their worth in diabetes treatment", "text": "LUCKNOW: It may promise too many things to a person suffering from diabetes, but stem cells have yet to prove their worth. President elect of International Diabetes Federation, Dr SM Sadikot, who was in Lucknow on Saturday said, \"We are yet to see the results of stem cell therapies.\" It may be noted that many clinicians across the country have taken up projects to assess the effect of stem cells on pancreas, which produce natural insulin. But for now, he said, the crisis is to check incidence of diabetes. \"Diabetes is on the rise and it is increasing at a rate much faster than expected. Then there is no cure of it. So prevention is the only thing in hand,\" he told TOI.The problem is more serious in Uttar Pradesh. President of UP Diabetes Federation, Dr Brij Mohan said that diabetes has increased by 2.5 times in the last one decade. What makes the problem more critical is that most people in the state cannot afford the treatment of complications caused by diabetes. \"I have seen so many patients selling of their assets to meet the cost of treatment,\" he stated. Experts pointed out that prevention is solely in the hands of the people. \"Forget fasting and PP, blood sugar monitors and gylcosylated haemoglobin, pick up a simple inch tape and measure your waist, is the circumference is more than 90 centimetres in men and 80 centimetres in women, then its time to act and save oneself from diabetes, which is five times the usual in those who have crossed this benchmark,\" explained Dr Sadikot.Experts present during the conference spoke about new techniques and equipment available to manage diabetes effectively. One of these equipments is a once a week shot for insulin. \"The insulin pen is expected to hit the market next year,\" said Dr Kausar Usman, a faculty at King George's Medical University's medicine department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17261687", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited to give 10hr uninterrupted power supply to villages", "text": "VARANASI: In what is being seen as an attempt to strengthen the rural vote base of ruling Samajwadi Party, the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has decided to provide 10-hour uninterrupted power supply to the villages of the state from Sunday.Disclosing the schedule of power supply in rural areas of the state, the managing director of UPPCL, AP Mishra on Saturday said, \"The corporation has prepared this schedule in view of the orders of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav.\" The order has political significance as it has come just a day after the release of names of SP candidates from 55 seats for the forthcoming Lok Sabha elections.The CM has issued the orders to enable the farmers to irrigate their oilseed crop, which has been sown early this year. Mishra made it very clear that though at present the power load is low in the state due to which no major problem would be faced in ensuring 10 hours uninterrupted power supply to the villages, but if required, the rostering duration in urban areas can be increased. However, this order would not be effective in no-rostering zones like Taj trapezium, Itawa, Mainpuri, Kannauj, Jhinjhak, Rasulabad and Kanchosi of Kanpur Dehat district, Sambhal Sirsi Nagar, Rampur Nagar and Vidhuna in Auraiya district, he added.The power supply to the villages would be done through Panki, Muradabad, Modipuram and Sarnath control units. Mishra, who also holds the charge of MD of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), said that he had convened the meeting of all engineers of PVVNL here on Saturday in order to sensitise them in proper implementation of this order of state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17260900", "title": "Govt must sort out 'disability' problems: NGO", "text": "PANAJI: The disability rights association of Goa (Drag) has demanded that the state government not approve any hike in bus fares of private bus operators until they agree to give 50% concession to persons with disability, reserve seats for them, and bring out a certain number of low floor and wheelchair accessible buses for the benefit of such persons.Drag president Avelino De Sa said that now that the state government was giving subsidies to private bus operators to purchase new buses, the operators also have to fulfil their social obligations.He revealed that Drag had in a letter to the Chief Minster Manohar Parrikar on October 1, highlighted cases of neglect of persons with disability by the state government, but till date, the same have not been resolved by the government.Many long-pending demands of the disabled in the state, as well as rights of the disabled, have been consistently neglected, felt De Sa.De Sa also stated that during the disability awareness campaign 'Badthe Kadam' held recently in ten villages by Drag along with Sangath, Goacan and other NGOs for the disabled, it was found that were at least 25 persons with disabilities in each panchayat without certificates.He said taking into account 200 villages in Goa, this meant that there were 5,000 persons with disability in Goa without disability certificates, which is a very serious matter as these persons cannot avail of any scheme meant for them without the disability certificate. He said Drag has also found out that the primary health centres were not issuing disability certificates as they were not aware that they were authorized to do so.The association will be taking up the matter with the social welfare department, he added. Drag has given the government an ultimatum of 15 days to resolve the issues, failing which it will hold a dharna on December 3, the eve of World Disabled Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17266377", "title": "For thick and long fingernails", "text": "People judge you by the way you carry yourself. As much as you take care of your face, your hands and nails too need equal attention.Chipped and peeling fingernails are a problem faced by one and all. Nails can peel off due to several reasons. Climate changes, dietary issues, yeast infections, too much exposure to water and vitamin deficiency are some of them. Here are a few tips to take care of your nails.- Cold, dry weather can cause layers to separate and flake off. So moisturise your hands and nails every morning and evening.- Lack of biotin, sulfur or vitamin B can result in flaky nails. A good supplement, as well as raw vegetables and fruits, will prevent the chipping.- If you're suffering from a yeast infection, it can adversely affect your nails. If you've been given a prescription ointment or cream for what's on your skin, try rubbing it on your nails, too.- Water has a drying effect on your nails, leading to flaking and peels. If your nails are exposed to water for too long, wear gloves wherever possible, and moisturise at least twice a day.- Biotin helps our body to process fatty acids and proteins. Two and a half milligrams of biotin supplement is recommended daily to strengthen nails. Or you can take vitamin B complex daily. Add enough protein in your diet. You should have at least several servings of meat, dairy or nuts every day.- Do not use your nails in removing tags, pulling out staples etc. Get the right tool instead.While applying nail polish: Before applying nail polish, file and buff your nails in one direction only and remove all ridges that can cause chipping. Always apply two coats of nail polish and a clear top coat at the end to seal the nail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17262037", "title": "Robbers hack trader to death, injure brother", "text": "KOLKATA: A trader was hacked to death and his brother critically injured after being attacked by robbers at Burul in South 24-Parganas on Saturday. Police have started a probe, but no arrests had been made till reports last came in.Locals said that Shibram Dey, 42, who runs a mobile phone shop in Nodakhali, had planned to sleep in the shop to keep a watch. Dey had arranged Kartick Puja at his house on Friday night and invited all his relatives and neighbours. After all the rituals were over, the trader left for his shop at 2am.Around 2.30am, he heard some noises from the adjoining jewellery shop. Suspecting something to be amiss, he rushed to the spot to find eight armed youths looting ornaments. When Dey raised an alarm, the goons overpowered him and hacked him repeatedly until he collapsed.\"His brother Prasanta, who went to the shop later in the night, found Dey lying in a pool of blood. He, too, tried alerting people, but the robbers tied him to a tree and slashed him with the dagger. They then decamped with jewellery and cash worth Rs 3.5lakh,\" alleged one of their relatives.Though the locals rushed to the spot, it was too late and the gang had already fled. The brothers were first taken to a primary health centre where Dey was declared brought dead. Prasanta was given first aid and referred to SSKM hospital in Kolkata. His condition is reported to be serious.After being informed of the murder, a police team from Nodakhali police station visited the spot on Saturday morning for investigation. It was then that relatives and neighbours of the deceased launched an agitation in front of the policemen, alleging inaction of the police to nab the culprits. The agitators also demanded immediate arrest of the robbers.\"We are trying our best to nab the culprits. Raids are being conducted and we have also alerted the surrounding police stations. We are also investigating whether any of the local criminals was a part of the gang,\" a district police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262645", "title": "IT fails to click in Panchkula tech park", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Five years after its launch, Panchkula Technology Park, a project of Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (HSIIDC), is yet to log in to the state. Not a single unit has come up on the land allotted for the purpose.With a view to generating employment opportunity for 30,000 professionals, first phase of the project spread over 72 acres in Sector 22 of Panchkula, was launched in September 2007. Around Rs 8.50 crore was spent on various developmental works in the park.The state government had plans to set up units for IT, ITeS, robotics, nano technology, mobile computing, mobile communication, chip manufacturing, biotechnology including genetics, and other research and development facilities in the park.HSIIDC had allotted 24 plots of various sizes to the companies till September 2008 and they were given 2011 as the deadline to start and complete the construction work.At the time of launch of the IT Park, HSIIDC as well as state government had been banking on major IT giants to open shops here. Besides, the government was also hopeful of success due to Panchkula's proximity to Chandigarh and Mohali where UT administration and Punjab government had managed to invite major IT giants like Dell and Infosys . At present, only two allottees have started construction on the plots. One company raised three towers while another built a basement. HSIIDC officials and companies blamed economic meltdown for a slow start. They blamed the increased cost of construction due to non-availability of raw materials.\"We are hopeful of starting our operations within next one year,'' said Satish Kumar Gupta, executive director of Stylam Industries , a company which has completed work on the basement.R P Gupta, company secretary of HSIIDC, said: \"We have served notices on some companies that have not started construction work as yet. Otherwise, most companies have already got an extension after paying a fee. We are hopeful that all operations would start by the end of next year.\"Principal secretary to financial commissioner, industries department, Y S Malik, expressed inability to comment on current status of the park. \"After approving the project, we had handed it over to HSIIDC which is the nodal agency for monitoring construction work and other activities. We shall review the project once the new managing director takes over,\" said Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265207", "title": "Chandi music launched", "text": "One of the most awaited Marathi film of the year, Chandi's music was launched at Mumbai. The film which is inspired from late P. L. Deshpande's novel 'Mhais' had many big wigs present at its msuic launch. Film is directed by Sameer Naik and Dnyaneshwar Govekar.N Chandra, Vijay Patkar, Rajan Prabhu and many others were present at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17260756", "title": "Soon, a regulator to protect homebuyers", "text": "NOIDA: There will soon be a regulatory body for the real estate sector to protect flat buyers from land sharks, said Ajay Maken , the newly appointed Union minister for housing and urban poverty alleviation, at a press conference here on Saturday. The minister also stressed the need for proper planning in the housing sector.Maken said the regulatory bill, which would soon be introduced by the Centre, would keep fly-by-night operators from entering the residential housing sector. The draft of the bill is already being prepared. Once the bill is introduced, rogue builders will be reined in, he said.Maken said statistics show that the number of vacant houses in the country was on the rise, accounting for 11% of the total housing units in developed areas occupied by middle and upper middle classes.LIG houses totalled 1.87 crore, causing a huge shortfall. It will soon be mandatory for builders to reserve 35% of their housing projects for setting up homes for the less privileged, he added. \"Builders will have the option of reserving either 35% of the project or 15% of the FAR,\" he said. \"The size of the unit will not be more than 25sqm,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261428", "title": "Soon, with LPG portability, switch company", "text": "LUCKNOW: Seems the government is not satisfied with the recent policy changes pertaining to LPG consumption as there are more in the offing. Consumers would soon witness a series of strict regulations proposed by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas in order and check the prevailing irregularities. Officials of oil marketing companies told TOI the ministry had lately sent a list of decisions to the companies for working out the implementation part of these regulations.An official said, \"The sector would witness a sea change in terms of regulations and refill process. Things are going to become more complicated in the next about three months. LPG sector would become like never before and getting a connection or a refill will have to pass through a lot of scrutiny. This is to control the misuse of cooking gas.\"One of the key changes to be announced soon is transparent and easy connection portability. If you are not happy with a company or its dealer in your locality, you can easily switch to another company or dealer without having to go through a number of tedious formalities. Earlier, one had to first surrender a cylinder and regulator to the company. After this policy change, one can go to another company's dealer and get its connection without much documentation.Oil companies are soon going to incorporate a software-based on 'fuzzy logic' technology after which it would be easier for the system to detect even the slightest or the minutest irregularity in customer's real identity. The database of the Know Your Consumer (KYC) forms will have to pass through the scanner to avoid any duplication. An official working in an oil company said, \"Somewhat similar technology is being used by the Income Tax department to detect fraud. This software is too sensitive to pick up an anomaly.\"Another process the companies are currently involved with is the 'De-duplication' formality which means the companies would make sure only one connection is issued to a particular address in a city and the refill is being delivered on the same address. Hence, anyone using LPG cylinder which does not belong to him and has borrowed from his friends or relatives or has been gifted by someone would have to undergo a series of formalities and paper work to stake claim.An official said, \"There could be three types of cases where chances of duplication exist. One is when A has transferred to B and both are available; another when A has transferred to B and anyone of them is not available in the city (mostly in cases of transfer) and thirdly when the user does not have necessary proof and documents to prove his ownership of the connection.\" In all these cases, the current user would have to furnish a transfer affidavit and submit a new and accurate KYC form.He would then have to pay the necessary differential security amount to the company. \"In case of owners who don't have the ownership documents would have to fill in new KYC forms and submit the full security amount\", added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "17262579", "title": "Train hits bus in Egypt, 47 kids die", "text": "CAIRO: Forty-nine people, mostly children, were killed when a train slammed into a schoolbus as it crossed tracks in a city south of Cairo on Saturday , state media and officials said.All but two of the dead were children, aged around four to eight, said a senior security official in Assiut, near the site. One woman and a man, probably the bus driver, also died, he added.The bus was broken in half by the force of the crash, pictures run by an Egyptian newspaper, showed. Blood was spattered on the front of the engine and school bags and text books, some bloodstained , were scattered.Transport minister Mohamed Rashad submitted his resignation after the accident , an offer which President Mohamed Morsi was considering, state media said. Egypt's roads and railways have a poor safety record and Egyptians have long complained successive governments have failed to enforce even basic safeguards, leading to a string of deadly crashes. State television said that as well as 49 dead, 18 people were injured.\"They told us the barriers were open when the bus crossed the tracks and the train collided with it,\" said Mohamed Samir, a doctor at Assiut hospital where the injured were taken, citing witnesses.Assiut governor Yahya Keshk also said the railway crossing was open when the train hit the bus. \"The crossing worker was asleep. He has been detained,\" he said. The doctor said the bodies of many of those killed were severely mutilated, indicating the force of the crash, which took place in the city of Manfalut, near Assiut, about 300 km south of the capital.\"I saw the train collide with the bus and push it about 1 km along the track,\" said Ahmed Youssef, a driver.Another witness also said the train hit the bus with great force, smashing up the bodies. Officials said the level of mutilation made it difficult to count and identify the bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261880", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcEpilepsy curable, treatment must\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KANPUR: Epilepsy cases have surged by more than 50,000 in the industrial city in last one decade. Among the total number of sufferers here, 60% patients are under the age of 15 years, who have got the disease from brain injuries.Around 1 per cent of the world population suffers from epilepsy. Nearly 50 per cent, do not receive treatment due to myths associated with the disease.A report of World Health Organization states that head injury is a common cause of epilepsy worldwide.These hard facts were discussed in the seminar on 'World Epilepsy Day' organized at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College here on Saturday. It was organized by the doctors of neurology department.Epilepsy is a neurological disorder due to sudden burst of abnormal electrical discharges from the brain. Not every person who has a seizure (convulsion) is said to have epilepsy. One person in every 20 has one seizure in the lifetime.According to the researches, only 1 in 200 accidental cases develop epilepsy. This disease is often associated with substantial stigma, with most patients less likely to be sent to school, find employment or marry.GSVM Medical College principal Navneet Kumar said that epilepsy is totally a controllable disease. Around 30% of cases, which are mainly caused by infections in the brain like tuberculosis and tapeworms are curable while in 60% patients, seizures can be completely controlled.\"Epilepsy is quite a serious problem in UP and in the city. Around 60% of people in urban areas do not consult a doctor, only 10% among the rural people would go for proper treatment,\" Dr Kumar added.Doctors said that epilepsy treatment is long term and can take around two years time. Compliance to medications therefore is very poor with only half adhere to the regimen.\"Once patients are seizure free for a few days, they stop medication until they suffer another one. This disease faces serious social stigma because of which majority of people do not reach out for treatment,\" neurologist Richa Giri said.The three drug treatment of epilepsy showed side effects. Hence that treatment has been replaced with 13 drug treatment in which hardly three or four drugs show any side effect.According to the experts, the most common cause of epilepsy in the 15-50 age group is neurocysticercosis caused by consuming infected pork or underground vegetables not washed properly.The higher incidence of risk factors for epilepsy are head trauma, poor neonatal care and infections such as neurocysticercosis (pork tapeworm).\"Only 2 to 4% of the epilepsy cases are hereditary. Seizures and likelihood of developing epilepsy is more before 20 and after 60 years of age,\" said Dr Alok Verma of GSVM.The doctor also informed that anti-epileptic drugs are available and seizures can control epilepsy in 75% patients. For the rest, surgical treatment can be considered. The experts also focused on getting the children administered all the primary vaccines, especially BCG which reduce 50% chances of having epilepsy in future.\"Persons with epilepsy can marry and there are no known complications in pregnancy due to the disease,\" said Dr GS Kushwaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "1969", "code": "17262406", "title": "A history of hate speech", "text": "1969:Only time Thackeray serves a jail term for the Sena's violent agitation in the Karnataka-Maharashtra border dispute1989:Bombay high court holds Thackeray and Ramesh Prabhoo guilty of election offences. In 1995, Supreme Court upholds verdict. Based on this verdict, in 1999, Sena chief is stripped of voting rights by EC for 6 years1993:Case filed by govt for inflammatory editorials during riots. In 2000, Thackeray 'surrenders' before a metropolitan court. Magistrate throws out case since govt sanction to prosecute not acquired. In 2007, HC throws out state's appeal against lower court order1993:Ex-civic chief J B D'Souza files petition urging action against Thackeray for 'inflammatory' editorials during riots. Police say 4 cases have been filed in lower court, maintain D'Souza should have gone to cops or Press Council first. HC agrees, dismisses petition. In 1995, SC upholds HC verdict1997:Sentenced to two years by HC in a contempt case. In 2004, SC overturns verdict1998:Srikrishna Commission says on riots: 'There is no doubt that the Shiv Sena and the Shiv Sainiks took lead in organising attacks on Muslims..., from the level of Shakha Pramukhs to Shiv Sena Pramukh Bal Thackeray'1998:Action Taken Report of Sena-BJP government says: 'The Government totally disagrees with these totally distorted statements of the Commission'RIOT LOGIn two dozen criminal complaints filed against Thackeray, prosecution sanction was not granted in 16. In seven others, chargesheets were filed but the Sena-BJP government withdrew the cases in 1996. The remaining case also did not survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262953", "title": "Three underpasses to be opened today", "text": "JAIPUR: The three newly constructed underpasses on Express Highway would be inaugurated on Sunday.Ever since the construction of the underpasses began, there was no other short route available for the residents of the area and they had to cover long distances to reach their homes. Once the underpasses are opened, it would make life easier for over 3 lakh people living on the other side of the Express Highway.State government sources said chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Union ministers CP Joshi would likely inaugurate the underpasses. As per an estimate, there are 250 colonies which would be benefitted with the inauguration.Prathviraj Nagar Sanyukt Jan Sangharsh Samiti president Girraj Singh Khangarot said: \"It was our long pending demand which is now going to be fulfilled. We have been protesting for more than five years for the underpasses.\"He said that in the absence of the underpasses the residents of 150 colonies of Prithviraj Nagar has to travel a long distance as there was no other way to reach Prithiviraj Nagar from Vaishali Nagar because Express highway was in the middle of the two areas.He said that many pedestrians who tried to cross the express highway also met with accidents. Sources said that over Rs 45 crore has been spent on constructing the underpasses at Vaishali Nagar, Amrpali underpass and Gandhi Path flyover.The residents of colonies including Deepak Vatika, Gulab Vihar, Ekta Nagar, Anupan Vihar, Vrindavan, Ghanshyam Nagar, Bina Colony are some of the 250 colonies which would be benefitted with the underpass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "veerlapalli (rr district)", "code": "17262852", "title": "TDP to announce candidates for 2014 polls to check exodus", "text": "VEERLAPALLI (RR DISTRICT): In a desperate move to prevent his flock from getting poached by the YSR Congress, TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu said on Saturday that he is planning to announce a first list of party candidates to be fielded for the 2014 assembly elections.The Samajwadi Party had on Friday announced its first list of candidates for the next Lok Sabha elections. Addressing the TDP general body meeting at Veerlapalli in Ranga Reddy district on Saturday where Naidu's padayatra is currently on, Naidu said the TDP was ready to face the polls if they are held earlier than the scheduled time. He told the party leaders that only the hard working leaders will get the party tickets. \"There are many vacancies in the party positions in the mandal and district levels that will be filled up soon. But being a constituency in charge will not guarantee the person a party ticket,\" he asserted.TDP has so far conducted three general body meetings this year, each lasting for two days.Saturday's meeting was attended by close to 200 leaders including members of the state committee. Slamming the leaders who were switching to the YSR Congress, the TDP chief said history will not forgive such leaders. \"YSR Congress is attracting other party leaders with packages as it has tonnes of money\" he added. It was felt, in the three-hour meeting, that padayatra is getting good response and giving strong hopes for TDP in the next elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260465", "title": "Balasaheb: Saffron icon leaves behind a tangled legacy", "text": "NEW DELHI: After striding like a colossus over Mumbai, making his \"son-of-soil\" politics fashionable across the country and challenging the \"secular establishment\" with his aggressive and unabashed advocacy of \"Maharashtra for Marathis\" and Hindutva, Bal Thackeray , (86), has left a contested and tangled legacy.The Shiv Sena supremo who on Saturday succumbed to a prolonged battle with illness that had over the past couple of years forced him cut down on public appearances, restricting him to the confines of the Shiv Sena nerve centre at Matoshree.Called the uncrowned king of Mumbai (it would be Bombay before he forced the change) for the vise-like grip he had over the city, Thackeray managed to insert himself in national politics by pushing the envelope on divisive issues like whether locals should be preferred in jobs, Hindu-Muslim disputes, ties with Pakistan, and the use of provocative idioms and imagery.Unlike BJP, he openly celebrated the demolition of Babri Masjid , declaring he would be a proud man if it turned out that Sainiks brought down the disputed structure. His call for \"retaliation\" against Muslims turned him into a hate figure for the community and liberals, but earned him the support of those who felt somebody needs to stand up for the Hindu cause.The diverse reactions he drew mirrored the contrasts he represented. His love for a pipe and warm beer went hand in hand with his latter-day preference for saffron robes. He stood by Sanjay Dutt when the actor faced charge of terrorism just because he liked his father Sunil Dutt . Thackeray enjoyed foxing his critics.But, there were certain abiding passions as well: hatred for Paksitan and love for the Marathi manoos being the two most prominent. His feelings towards Pakistan were best reflected by the consistency with which his Sainiks would vandalize pitches to sabotage Indo-Pak cricket matches. He turned against his friend Dilip Kumar when the actor was chosen for Pakistan's highest civilian honour, Nishan-i-Pakistan.He turned the Jai Maharashtra slogan into such a forceful rallying point that no event in the state can commence without the salutation. His son-of-the-soil politics was replicated in it many forms by leaders like H D Deve Gowda though not all could match his oratorical skill.He stubbornly refused to succumb to the reality of caste politics and, miraculously, managed to command the support of OBCs with a structure that is distinctly upper caste at the top.His departure virtually leaves Sena an orphan with many issues to grapple with. His son Uddhav has shown none of the political panache that made Balasaheb, as he would be reverently addressed by legions of Sainiks, a saffron icon. He may have to fight off a strong challenge from his estranged cousin Raj for the legacy of the unabashed Marathi chauvinist.For BJP, which has expanded in Maharashtra in tandem after the first tentative alliance with Sena in 1984, his absence will result in an uncertainty about the pact. A section within BJP finds his nephew, Raj Thackeray , more attractive and may be tempted by an opportunity to explore the larger Hindutva political space.Congress which remained at odds \u00e2\u20ac\u201d secret liaisons notwithstanding \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has to contend with the possibility of the two Sena factions coming together depriving them of electoral gains they have reaped in Lok Sabha and assembly polls in Mumbai and other cities.His end was along expected lines and bore no resemblance to the way he burst on Maharashtra's political firmament, ending the domination of Leftist trade unions in the city and raising an army of devoted storm troopers who, drunk on his harking to the state's glory since the days of Chhattrapati Shivaji, would shut down Mumbai at his nod.Son of a Marathi intellectual of considerable renown, Thackeray was born with a rapier sharp wit: something which made him first establish his credentials as a pungent cartoonist and, later saw him whip up passions with his in your face \"Jai Maharashtra\" platform. At a time when Nehruvian consensus on secularism was robust and \"hum sab Hindustani\" theme was a staple theme, Thackeray's unapologetic theme of pre-eminence of Marathi-speaking people in Maharashtra appeared an anachronistic throwback to medieval parochialism.In retrospect, however, he seemed to have found something that others had either missed or did not care to acknowledge: a deep-seated resentment among Maharashtrians, especially in Mumbai, over a perceived sense of irrelevance in a city that flaunted itself as a cosmopolitan melting pot and where capital and enterprise, with ruthless disregard of local identity, were currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17265156", "title": "Man who shot Ponty Chadha's brother Hardeep identified", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen people were picked up for questioning in connection with the killing of controversial liquor and real estate baron Ponty Chadha and his younger brother Hardeep, who were locked in a dispute over ownership of a farmhouse in south Delhi on Saturday.Investigators said they were looking into call records of Ponty, whose real name is Gurdeep, and his brother to build the exact sequence of events that led to the incident in which guards of both the brothers opened fire.Initial investigations have revealed that Ponty's men had gone to the disputed farmhouse and threw out Hardeep's staff and got the gates locked yesterday morning, a senior police official said.Hardeep was not at the farmhouse at the time of the incident and was in a meeting in Noida.Before noon, the official said, Ponty had called a friend, who is member of UP Minorities Commission, and told him that they will take a round of the farmhouse.Hardeep also got to know about Ponty's men taking possession of the farmhouse and he abruptly ended the meeting to rush to the spot.Ponty along with the Commission member and Hardeep reached the farmhouse almost at the same time. Ponty's men had then opened the gate.In a fit of rage, the official claimed, Hardeep allegedly opened fire with bullets first hitting Ponty's guard Narender and then Ponty himself.Then the guards from both sides opened fire, the official said adding the PSOs given to the brothers by Punjab Police were not involved in the firing.The official said one of those questioned told police that the PSO of the Commission member opened fire in retaliation.This is to be verified, the official said. \"We are questioning people. Call records are also being checked,\" the official said.The family of Hardeep could not be contacted for comments. This was the second incident of firing at Chadha's residence.On October 5, gunshots were reported from his house in Uttar Pradesh's Moradabad district.The three Chadha brothers - Ponty, Hardeep and Rajinder - were jointly managing the Rs. 6,000-crore Wave Inc, formerly Chadha Group, which has diverse business interests in fields ranging from distilleries, multiplexes, sugar to paper mills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gujarat's malaria and dengue statistics reflect fundamental failures of a progressive state with a particularly poor health record. many doctors are still following the old drug regimen to treat malaria when newer treatments have been recommended by experts. on the other hand, there have been no campaigns to educate people about the imperative need to take the full course of medication", "code": "17263003", "title": "Gujarat needs comprehensive prevention and treatment plan against malaria", "text": "Gujarat's malaria and dengue statistics reflect fundamental failures of a progressive state with a particularly poor health record. Many doctors are still following the old drug regimen to treat malaria when newer treatments have been recommended by experts. On the other hand, there have been no campaigns to educate people about the imperative need to take the full course of medication: scores of patients stop taking medicines and relapse. What is needed is a comprehensive prevention and treatment plan rather than kneejerk drives after every outbreak.Related story : Buzz of sickness booms over state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262373", "title": "Buzz of sickness booms over Gujarat", "text": "Last year, Gujarat recorded the highest malaria deaths in the country and ranked sixth in the number of malaria cases registered among 33 states and union territories put together. Interestingly, the state did not record any deaths till September this year, but moved two notches up to the fourth position. These are figures obtained only from government hospitals.The case of dengue is even more interesting. In 2009, the state recorded the highest dengue cases in the country. While it improved its condition in 2011 at the fourth place, till September this year, the state already ranks sixth in dengue cases.In case of chikungunya, the state ranks sixth in the country this year. The figures are a grim reminder of the losing battle that the state is waging against the mosquitoes. The figures are from the countrywide integrated disease surveillance data.A study published in March this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'Malaria in India : The centre for the study of complex malaria in India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d claims that nearly 65 per cent of the total human population that are at risk of getting malaria cases are in Odisha, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan and Karnataka. In these states, a growing insecticide resistance of Anopheles culicifacies and Anopheles stephensi mosquitoes is a concern.\"Both National Institute of Malaria Research ( NIMR) and National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP) have been conducting studies on the increased mosquito density and mosquito disease transmission.Times ViewGujarat's malaria and dengue statistics reflect fundamental failures of a progressive state with a particularly poor health record. Many doctors are still following the old drug regimen to treat malaria when newer treatments have been recommended by experts. On the other hand, there have been no campaigns to educate people about the imperative need to take the full course of medication: scores of patients stop taking medicines and relapse. What is needed is a comprehensive prevention and treatment plan rather than kneejerk drives after every outbreak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263185", "title": "State seeks central aid to extend dal-bhaat scheme", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government, which launched the ambitious Mukhyamantri Dal-Bhaat Yojana to provide nutritious lunch at subsidized rate of Rs 5 per plate, is now seeking financial assistance from the Centre to continue the extension of the scheme.Under the scheme, government provides subsidized lunch to people from 370 centres across the state at Rs 5 per plate. Of these, 110 centres operate in urban areas and 260 in rural areas. There is provision to provide meal to 400 people per day at each centre. In case of rural areas, each centre has facility to provide meal to 200 beneficiaries. The daily consumption of rice in the state is around 45 tonne.Sources in food and civil supplies department, which provides subsidized rice at Rs 1 per kg to the NGOs running these centres, said till date the government had ensured uninterrupted supply to each centre. The department is also providing subsidy for purchase of soya nuggets which could be used with vegetable to make the lunch nutritious.State food and civil supplies minister Mathura Prasad Mahato said except some hitches at certain centres, the department has successfully managed to run the programme across the state. \"People are getting lunch on time and the food quality is also good at all the centres. Now we are planning to further improve the quality of food and even extend it to some new places so that more people are benefitted. We need additional funds to make this happen,\" said Mahato.\"As the state has limited resources, we have approached the Centre for financial assistance. We expect that Centre will accept our request and grant some fund as the scheme mainly benefits families from economically weaker section of the society,\" he said adding that even if the Centre declines to extend support, the state will continue with the existing centres.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261537", "title": "Traffic cops to focus on regulation, not violation", "text": "CHENNAI: A ride through the city could become smoother, if the new traffic police chief's promises are anything to go by. You could even be let off for jumping a signal in the new scheme of things where, additional commissioner of police (traffic) Karuna Sagar says, the focus would be more on regulating traffic affected by metro rail works and other construction projects. This would mean policemen concentrating less on fining people. \"Earlier, each sub-inspector had a target of booking 50 cases a day. I have relaxed that,\" he says.With metro rail works reducing space on stretches like Anna Salai and Poonamallee High Road, and rains damaging interior roads, managing traffic is a challenge, he says. He, however, hastens to add that this isn't a licence to break rules. \"Rash drivers and those not wearing helmets will continue to be targeted,\" he says.The new strategy includes getting more manpower from different wings of the traffic police department. At least one inspector and three constables from the investigation wing will be deployed in each traffic district during peak hours. The investigation wing primarily focuses on analysing accidents. \"Not all of its members are busy all the time.So we have incorporated them into regulating traffic,\" says a senior police officerin-charge of the south zone. Traffic police are split into the regular beats and regulating traffic during the peak hours from 8am to noon and from 4pm to 9pm. \"During peak hours, man power from the investigation wing has been called to regulated traffic during peak hours in the intermediate junctions,\" said the officer.While Karuna Sagar says he has already begun receiving positive feedback, some residents remain skeptical. \"I see a lot more traffic police at Tidel Park and SRP Tools junctions. But the traffic has not changed as much as one would hope. Traffic movement is high from all sides and there is little scope for change,\" says R Srinivasan of Thoraipakkam. Areas like Anna Nagar, Maduravoyal, Koyambedu in the west and Thiruvanmiyur and OMR junction in the south are some places where Karuna Sagar says the bottlenecks have been cleared to an extent. \"We have to keep developing our strategies to the situation,\" he adds.Automatic signals have not been very efficient in controlling traffic as they cannot judge the flow of traffic from each direction. \"That's why our men are better,\" says Karuna Sagar.Police are also working on implementing the 'integrated traffic management system' where surveillance cameras will be able to calculate the extent of traffic pile-up in each direction at any junction and programme the duration of the signal accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262104", "title": "Woman robbed of `6.5 lakhs jewels", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after gold ornaments and cash were stolen from two jewellery shops, a resident of Sector 49 reported theft of her bag containing several pieces of gold jewellery and a set of diamond earrings worth around Rs 6.5 lakh.According to the complainant, Shama Bhasin, the theft occurred when she was buying \"dupattas\" at a garment showroom in Sector 20. She said three girls, one of them dressed in white, were hovering around her in a suspicious manner. However, she did not pay much heed to them. She said she only came to know about the theft when she opened her purse after coming back home.Additional SHO of Sector 19 police station Sucha Singh said, \"Prima facie, it appears that the three girls were the ones who were wanted in the case of theft of Rs 70,000 from the purse of a Mohali based woman in Sector 7 on November 16.\" CCTV footage of the three girls is being examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17261875", "title": "Tele-ECG service launched in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Regional Diagnostic Centre situated within the Mahendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital on Saturday became the first hospital in the entire northeast to start tele-ECG service. This facility was provided after the state government signed an agreement with the Apollo group of hospitals.In this service, the ECG of patients will be uploaded through the internet to the respective Apollo hospitals from where senior cardiologists will monitor the EGC and prepare a report after proper interpretation. The reports will be given to patients within half an hour.While launching the project, director of health services Dhrubjyoti Hojai said, \"This project was undertaken as there was a lack of specialized cardiologists in the city. Patients are referred to other parts of the country due to dearth of cardiologists. So, the Assam government has decided to sign an agreement with the private hospital through public-private-partnership mode.\"\"At MMC, there is no specialized cardiologist. So, we have decided to start this project with the Regional Diagnostic Centre,\" he added. He said, \"People can now avail this facility without going to other parts of the country. Moreover, the rate of tele-EGC is fixed as per government approved rate so that the poor can also avail this service. It will cost only Rs 150. At times, patients become serious and can't be taken to other specialized hospitals. So, tele-EGC will come handy at that time.\"This tele-ECG network will also be started in Regional Diagnostic Centre situated within the Civil Hospital, North-Lakhimpur, Haflong, Barpeta and Kokrajhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17266987", "title": "Priyanka Chopra joins the sets of Zanjeer remake", "text": "Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra is in the city to participate in her first schedule of Ram Charan's Zanjeer, which began on Sunday. Apoorva Lakhia will be filming scenes on the lead cast over the next couple of weeks in and around the city. The film is a remake of Amitabh Bachchan's 1973 film with the same name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17262920", "title": "'PR at home, workplace linked'", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Observing that public relations begins at home, V Vizia Saradhi, former director (Human Resource) Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited, addressed issues concerning public relations in companies at a seminar here on Saturday.The seminar was organised by the Visakhapatnam chapter of Public Relations Society of India.In his lecture Saradhi observed that one should maintain a healthy environment at home before thinking of doing the same either at the work place or in society at large.Professor D V R Murthy, head of the department of journalism and mass communication, Andhra University, felt that though the basics remain the same, one should practice PR keeping in mind the changing contexts and environment.He observed that journalists and mediapersons in particular must adopt a flexible and pragmatic approach. Amongst those present at the meet were the Vizag chapter chairman, GN Murthy, secretary US Sarma, PLK Murthy and senior journalist Prabhakara Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17260882", "title": "Integrated farming must get boost in Goa: Indian council of agricultural research", "text": "PANAJI: The Indian council of agricultural research (ICAR), Old Goa, is working on plans to promote integrated farming to make the activity a revenue-earner for farming families to sustain themselves, director N P Singh said on Saturday.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the 30{+t}{+h} biennial workshop of the all-India coordinated research programme at Old Goa, Singh said that the state's kullaghar farming is one such unique and revenue-earning model of integrated farming.\"It is only a plantation-based activity,\" he said. If some entrepreneurship activities, such as dairy and poultry activities, are included, it can be even more profitable, Singh said.The ICAR is planning to hold frontline demonstrations to help farmers to transform the present agricultural system into a farming system, as 60% to 70% are small and marginal farmers, who are lacking in resources to increase the scope of their activities.Singh explained that besides rice cultivation, a gamut of activities like bee keeping, poultry, planting of fruit-bearing trees, etc, can be carried out to increase the farmers' income.Earlier, North Goa MP Shripad Naik inaugurated the workshop and urged scientists to ensure that the research percolates to the farmers level. Recalling how the country was a land of milk and honey, he said agriculture was on the wane and fragmentation of land holdings was a major concern.N P Singh said that 55% of Goa is under horticulture. The area under rice is about 43,000 hectares. Dairy farming is also another important activity, which Goa should promote, but is yet to attain self sufficiency, he said.He said many farmers have not availed government schemes and bank loans, and there is scope for youth to enter the sector, but conditions need to be improved to attract them. The workshop will take stock of implementation of integrated farming in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "in the uncertain scenario prevailing after bal thackeray's death, shiv sena watchers are fairly sure of one thing", "code": "17262365", "title": "What now for Shiv Sena?", "text": "In the uncertain scenario prevailing after Bal Thackeray's death, Shiv Sena watchers are fairly sure of one thing: united in grief, the Thackeray cousins could well sink their differences and make common political cause. Many in the Sena and MNS are of the view that popular sentiment and pressure from grass-roots workers will compel Uddhav and Raj to team up.\"There will be a groundswell of feeling that will bring the two together . Their combined clout will probably help fill the void created by Balasaheb's death,\" says a senior Sena leader. Although much depends on how Uddhav's and Raj's inner circles react to their political reconciliation (close friends and relatives of the two leaders are reportedly suspicious of any patch-up formula), realpolitik compulsions cannot be ignored . \"Raj and Uddhav will have to come together if they are keen on dislodging the Congress-NCP combine in the 2014 assembly elections,\" says a city BJP leader.The benefits to both parties are clear, say political observers. \"The MNS cannot win more than 25-30 seats in the Vidhan Sabha on its own,\" says the BJP leader. \"With Uddhav's fragile health (the Sena leader has undergone two angioplasties in recent months), a tie-up would be in the best interests of the Sena as well. Politically , a grand Sena-MNS-BJP-RPI alliance is the answer.\"It was Uddhav's first hospitalisation that began the process of personal reconciliation\u00e2\u20ac\u201dRaj , in July, had dropped everything to be at his cousin's bedside and later drove him back to Matoshree where a family reunion of sorts took place. But while the MNS chief denies that his visit to the hospital was politically motivated , Sena observers say he may have espied an opportunity in Balasaheb's and Uddhav's ailments to broker peace with Matoshree. \"Raj Thackeray knows he can't be ploughing a lonely furrow. He needs the Sena's support in order to win the 2014 state assembly election. The Sena too needs him,\" says a Mantralaya bureaucrat.Bal Thackeray himself was very keen on an Uddhav-Raj patch-up . After the post-hospital visit, the MNS chief again visited Matoshree in the last week of September and spent over two hours with his uncle and Uddhav. It was at this closed-door conclave that the Sena chief categorically told Uddhav and Raj to make peace \"in the larger interests of Maharashtra\" , discloses a close confidante of Raj Thackeray . While Bal Thackeray's strategy was clearly to ensure that the reins of the Shiv Sena did not go out of the Thackeray family, it was also to nip the NCP's threat to his party in the bud. \"Unity between Uddhav and Raj may stop NCP leader Ajit Pawar from poaching on the Sena rank and file, now that Balasaheb is no longer around,\" says a Sena functionary.However, a senior MNS functionary states that an outright merger between the MNS and the Sena is out of the question. \"The two cousins may work in close collaboration, with Uddhav's organisational acumen complementing Rajsaheb's charisma and oratorial skills,\" he says. \"But there is no question of the MNS downing shutters and merging with the Sena.\"A section in the Sena is worried that Bal Thackeray's death could trigger a power struggle within the party . Sources in the Sena say that Sanjay Raut, executive editor of Saamna and a close confidante of the Sena chief, may emerge as the dark horse, given his long innings in the Rajya Sabha, his political acumen and the fact that he has Saamna, the Sena mouthpiece, under his belt. Also, a group of Sena MLAs from Maharashtra's heartland are reportedly upset about what they perceive as Matoshree's soft spot for Mumbai MLAs. Sena legislators from Vidarbha , Konkan and Marathwada could well flex their muscles vis-a-vis their Mumbai counterparts, adding to Uddhav's woes. \"Rajsaheb has no role to play in case infighting breaks out in the Sena. But he certainly can help Uddhav defuse the inner-party crisis,\" says a Sena leader.Aditya Thackeray is an undoubtedly crucial player in the scenario. Sena sources say that Uddhav's 20-something son will surely roll out of the wings to take centre-stage in the Sena and mobilise his Youngistan Team as an answer to Raj. Uddhav and his wife, Rashmi, have been grooming Aditya for a greater role in the party and the youngster has been touring Maharashtra and opening a line of communication with grass-roots workers. The Yuva Sena, which he heads, has been active in the field of education and consumer rights. \"Uddhavsaheb will be the guiding force hereafter and Adityaji will emerge as the Sena's Number One leader after Balasaheb Thackeray,\" says a former Sena MP.A Sena source says that Aditya wields a lot of control in the party, with Sena functionaries even touching the feet of the youngster. \"He will play a key role in the distribution of party tickets in the 2014 assembly elections,\" says the source. Many in the Sena are of the opinion that Uddhav Thackeray's gameplan is to pit Aditya against Raj Thackeray in case the succession war hots up in the post-Bal Thackeray era. But whether Shiv Sainiks, especially the seniors, will accept Aditya as Raj's replacement and Uddhav's political successor is a question on which hinges the Sena's dynastic politics in the years to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263017", "title": "Demand for smart cards up since LPG cap", "text": "PUNE: Data from Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) shows that more and more customers are demanding smart cards since the cap on subsidised LPG cylinders was introduced earlier this year.Figures from the oil marketing company show that earlier, about 40% of its customers in the district were booking LPG cylinders through smart cards. After the limit was introduced, this figure went up to 60%.Sources in the All India LPG Distributors' Federation said thatDistributors are also in talks with the ministry to have all the oil marketing companies (including Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited and Indian Oil Corporation Limited) introduce smart cards, said Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation.Distributors in the city, too, said that demand for smart cards has gone up by nearly 20% since the cap was introduced, as the system is easy, transparent and keeps an accurate tab on consumption.BPCL, on its part, is appealing to its customers to get smart cards to avoid malpractices in the delivery of subsidised cylinders.The system ensures that cylinders are delivered to genuine customers, who do not have to wait in long queues or make several telephone calls to book the refill. The magnetic card, similar to an ATM card, is issued to each consumer by his distributor after thorough verification. The card electronically stores information about the consumer, who can then book a refill by swiping it at the kiosk installed at the distributor's outlet. A smart card owner can also book their refill by giving a missed call.\"At the time of cylinder delivery, the consumer will have to swipe the card on the magnetic card reader available with the delivery man. It will record the delivery time and confirm it to the distributor's computer system. The consumer will get an SMS on their cellphone about the delivery. The customer will also get a confirmation message after the cylinder is booked. This will ensure a fool-proof system. We are ensuring that maximum number of customers book cylinders through smart cards, although other modes of booking will still be available,\" said BPCL official.BPCL has more than 12 lakh customers in the district, and more than 7 lakh are already using smart cards, the official said. \"After the subsidy cap, using smart cards is a good way to check loopholes in deliveries,\" he said.\"The percentage of consumers booking through smart cards has gone up by 20% since September, when the limit on cylinders was introduced,\" he said. He added that kiosks had been installed at 35 of the 47 distributor outlets in the district.\"Demand for smart cards went up as it is now of even more importance that the cylinder is delivered to the right customer. When a smart card is issued, a photograph of the customer and his mobile number are taken and put in the software. Hence, when he calls from the registered mobile number, the system recognises the number and treats it as a booking,\" the official said.Usha Poonawalla, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, Maharashtra, said that demand for smart cards has gone up by nearly 20% since the cap was introduced, as customers find the system transparent.Meanwhile, Pratap Doshi, president of the All India LPG Distributors' Federation, said that, \"Distributors are also in talks with the ministry to have all oil marketing companies introduce smart cards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262609", "title": "PGI paper leak: After 6 days, CBI zeroes in on four accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After an intensive interrogation for six days, the CBI sleuths have finally zeroed in on four accused, who had played a major role in executing the plan to leak the MD/MS entrance exam question paper of the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research. These included gang kingpin P Gurivi Reddy, P Bharat Chand, P Jagdeesh and P Sidhartha. They were among 15 accused, who were arrested on November 10.\"It has come to light that these four minds were majorly behind this racket. Reddy headed the scam and other three helped him in executing the plan. Till now, we have kept Reddy away from them and he has admitted that all of them were well-aware of the plan,\" said a CBI official here.He added, \"We have recorded the independent statements of all of them and now we would confront Reddy with each of them. The other three are giving vague statements and changing it frequently.\"CBI sleuths had arrested 15 accused, including eight women, for their involvement in this racket. CBI officials said other 11 accused were just facilitators in various capacities and they were not aware of the racket.Their roleP Gurivi Reddy: Mastermind behind this racket, he did everything from networking to buying hi-tech equipment like Bluetooth-enabled devices, smart phones, tablets, micro earphones, specially made inner jackets and SIM cards on the basis of fake documents. He contacted various persons in Chandigarh, Patna and Hyderabad and wooed them by offering Rs 1-2 lakh and free air travel.P Bharat Chand: He arranged girls from Hyderabad and convinced them to become a part of this racket by appearing as decoy candidates in the MD/MS entrance exam. None of these girls have done MBBS and two were only Class X and XII pass.P Jagdeesh: He arranged the transport for girls, who acted as decoy candidates, to go from hotel rooms to the examination centre. He also did the recce of the examination halls.P Sidhartha: He carried the bag containing Bluetooth enabled devices and other electronic equipment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17261741", "title": "Now, cellphones aid rural health service", "text": "MANIPAL: 'Mobility Sanjivini', an innovative software of Manipal University, is all set to make rural health services more accessible, eco-friendly and paperless. To provide better health services to poor pregnant women and children in rural areas, Manipal University in association with Philips have developed 'Mobility Sanjivini', a software for healthcare data collection that is compatible with mobile phones. Kasturba Medical College and Hospital (KMC) of Manipal University has been providing free healthcare services to pregnant women and children at its seven Rural Maternity and Child Welfare Homes (RMCWH) in different villages of Udupi district. This new software will be helpful for auxiliary nurses and midwives attached to RMCWH. The software has been developed by students and teaching faculties of the Manipal Centre for Information Science (MCIS) and Manipal Institute of Technology with the support of Philips. Dr Veena G Kamath, head of the department of community medicine, KMC, told STOI that earlier, nurses of RMCWH used to visit houses in villages and collect healthcare data, including weight of babies, vaccinations for babies, blood pressure of mothers and other health status of mothers and babies. \"During their visits, nurses used to note down the data on paper and later upload to the server of KMC via internet-enabled computers from RMCWH. The new software will save time and help nurses in collecting accurate data using mobiles. Nurses can collect healthcare data from houses in remote villages and upload it directly to the server within minutes through internet-enabled mobile phones,\" says Veena. \"This application is very helpful. For instance, if a pregnant or baby requires immediate healthcare, doctors sitting in hospital can guide nurses to provide emergency health services using the healthcare data uploaded to server by nurses,\" she added.Another advantage is that this technology makes the entire procedure paperless. Harishchandra Hebbar, director of MCIS and Manjuanatha Mayya, senior manager of Philips Innovation Campus, Bangalore, said the software will be launched at Manipal University on November 24. \"Initially, mobiles installed with this software will be given to 14 nurses of RMCWH. We are ready to share this software with other hospitals also,\" Harishchandra said and added that this software can be used only in android mobiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261387", "title": "IRCTC deactivates 44K multiple-user IDs", "text": "PATNA: In a major decision to further improve the functioning of online railway ticket booking system, Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) recently deactivated at least 44,000 multiple-user IDs to prevent unscrupulous travel agents from procuring general and 'Tatkal' tickets through the IRCTC e-ticketing portal.According to a senior IRCTC official, IRCTC during its drive against unscrupulous agents across the country detected 44,000 multiple user IDs being used by vested interests to book tickets through the portal. A close examination of these IDs revealed they were used on a regular basis. \"We deactivated the IDs in one stroke with a view to checking online ticket booking malpractices,\" he said.According to an official, IRCTC has been operating e-ticketing website for the convenience of passengers at the national and international levels. It has about 1.35 lakh registered agents on its rolls. However, a few of these agents had opened multiple-user IDs using the same cellphone numbers and IDs, he said.That apart, a team of IRCTC vigilance wing also detected five lakh such IDs created by individuals or agents to book or procure journey tickets through the IRCTC website. Further investigation revealed they were being used by unauthorized agents, an IRCTC official said.Stung by frequent complaints from genuine passengers, IRCTC deactivated the multiple-user IDs of the agents and individuals to maintain transparency in the online ticket booking system. It was with this end in view that IRCTC has fixed the 'Tatkal' ticket booking time from 10am to 12 noon to allow free access to the site by genuine passengers, according to an IRCTC official.According to sources, the new 'Taktal' ticket booking time was implemented from July 10, 2012. A close study of the online ticket booking revealed the number of bookings online has gone up to 74,000, including 46,000 'Tatkal' tickets, every day in the first two hours after July 10 across the country. Earlier, the total ticket booking was 63,000, including 43,000 'Tatkal' tickets, every day in the first two hours of booking, the sources said.The IRCTC official said on an average 4.47 lakh e-tickets are booked per day against 3.6 lakh earlier. The rise in the online ticket bookings can be attributed to constant monitoring of the site by IRCTC officials concerned, he said and added the number of online ticket bookings had also increased in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17261493", "title": "Securtiy beefed up in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Security has been beefed up in the city and border towns of Nippani, Khanapur, Athani, Kagawad and Chikkodi in the district, following the demise of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray . Thackeray being the voice of Marathi speaking people in the region had a great following in the border district. The mascot of Marathi Manoos had visited Belgaum twice to strengthen the cause of Marathi speaking people on Karnataka-Maharashtra border dispute issue. First time he came to Belgaum in 1968 and held a meeting at the Union Gymkhana. In 1983, he addressed a huge gathering at Sambhaji garden. He was instrumental in intensifying the fight of Marathi-speaking people in the border areas during Ramkrishna Hegde's tenure as chief minister of Karnataka. Recalling his association with Balasaheb, MES leader Sambhaji Patil said he was inspired by his speech made in Belgaum in 1968. \"I was a teenager then. Later in 1986, I visited his residence Matoshree in Mumbai. He offered me Belgaum district president's post for Shiv Sena, a responsibility which I declined to take up owing to my own reasons. Later, I met him in Mumbai several times regarding border dispute,\" Patil told STOI.Extra police force SP Sandeep Patil said extra police force including 2 KSRP and 6 DAR platoons has been deployed in the border towns. Besides, a 24X7 patrolling has been initiated. He warned of strict action against those who attempt to disturb peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265404", "title": "Grooming: Best hand forward", "text": "What good is an impeccable appearance if your palms and nails are a complete letdown? Amin Ali suggests measures to keep them in the pink of health.Have you been working out?\" The next time someone makes this comment after greeting you with a handshake, it doesn't necessarily mean that he's admiring your fab physique. It's more than likely that he's commenting on the sorry state of your palms! Rough, uneven, covered with flaky skin and calluses, it's time you gave your hands a helping hand. As for the turmericstained nails and cuticles that point to last night's 'finger-licious' fish curry and rice, the less said the better. Hands on world It's time you gave your hands a second thought. In this 'hands on' world, hands speak loudly about a man's personality. You can enjoy the most exotic facials and be impeccably dressed, but dirty, stained or ill-kept hands are a sure giveaway of your grooming, or the lack of it. Clean hands play a big role in determining one's positioning on the social hierarchy. According to grooming and etiquette expert Chhaya Momaya, hands have become the new focal points at dinners and parties. \"When you sit at the dinner table or order a drink, the focus shifts from the face, apparel or perfume to your hands. People look at the way you hold the glass, fork and knife or simply the way you pass the bread basket. No one likes to dine or drink with a person who has dirty hands,\" she comments. Men who regularly dine or party out can follow her suggestions:Do you have a preconceived notion about women who sport long, red nails? Now turn the tables on yourself. See how you will be judged if you have dirty hands and unkempt nails. Dry or worn-out cuticles or nails with food stains are a complete no-no. The market is flooded with hand care items like moisturising gloves, scrubs and hand washes to replenish and rejuvenate your skin. Use them. Grooming tips Men's grooming expert Yatan Ahluwalia, who trains young professionals at leading business and hospitality centres says, \"You gesture, greet and, at times, talk by gesticulating with your hands. In a professional environment, hands assume greater significance, and any executive, irrespective of his seniority, is a big turn off if he has poorlymaintained hands.\" He suggests a few simple tips: Keep your hands well-moisturised. Use a water-based moisturiser at night to rejuvenate the dry areas and a scrub to get rid of dead skin. Well-cut, dirt-free nails are an absolute must. Quite often, people just look at your nails and form an opinion about the importance of hygiene in your life. Say no to accessories. If you must, wear a ring. Religious threads or bracelets can be tucked inside the shirt sleeves. Use cufflinks if you like to accessorise. A watch is for personal timekeeping, not for the world to look at. Tie it firmly to the wrist and hide it inside the sleeve. Shirt or jacket sleeves should never cover the palms. The hands should be clearly visible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17260851", "title": "TN tourist robbed at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: A tourist from Tamil Nadu was robbed at the Calangute beach on Thursday evening.Victor Debbarma of Tamil Nadu has lodged a complaint at the Calangute police station, stating that while he was enjoying an outing at the beach, his belonging were stolen.Debbarma had kept his clothes and bag containing cash of 1,000, an ATM card, a cell phone, all worth 15,000, in an open place on the beach while he went for a swim in the water. But after he came out of the water, he found his belongings missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263015", "title": "We have a banking licence: MSC Bank", "text": "PUNE: In response to the recent statement of RBI governor D Subbarao, the Maharashtra State Co-operative Bank Limited has stated that it has a banking licence which the Reserve Bank of India had issued earlier this year.Subbarao had said in the city on Friday that the bank was still not eligible to get a banking licence and was under RBI's 'directions.' The bank's general manager, Vijay Bhagat, said in a communication that the MSC Bank had complied with all norms and conditions prescribed by the RBI which has issued a banking licence to it on April 19, 2012.Madhukar Chaudhari, state cooperation commissioner, said, \"The Maharashtra State Cooperation Bank is currently administered by top IAS officers like J S Sahani and V K Agarawal along with managing director of the bank Pramod Karnad. The board of directors of the bank was dissolved for financial mismanagement and the three-member administration body has auctioned property and machinery of some sugar factories, ginning mills and other cooperative institutions for recovery of its losses. Yet, entire financial loss is not yet recovered.\"\"It (the partial recovery of losses) has helped the MSC bank in getting a banking licence. The licence of every bank is continued on its annual audit report and MSC bank's performance so far has been good,\" Chaudhari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17262081", "title": "Myanmar reform push fuels drug trafficking to northeast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar's reform push is having an adverse impact on control of drug trafficking in India. Investigations into recent seizures by the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) of pseudo-ephedrine tablets have led the racket to Myanmar, which uses ephedrine to produce methamphetamine tablets, a notified psychotropic substance.Sources say the reconciliation process that has led to ceasefire between Myanmar's government and several militias belonging to various ethnic groups has pushed several fringe outfits to ramp up the production of drugs, especially methaphetamine.NCB has seized around one crore tablets of pseudo-ephedrine over the last one year. Most of this consignment was headed towards the north-east from where it would be smuggled to Myanmar. The latest case in point is the Wednesday's seizure of 77.5 kg of pseudo-ephedrine tablets at the IGI airport here, where three Mizoram residents were arrested while trying to smuggle the consignment to Guwahati. This was the second such seizure in less than a month at the IGI airport where large quantities of pseudo-ephedrine headed to Guwahati were caught.An NCB official said, \"The accused would hand over the consignment to another courier in Guwahati who would take it to Manipur and then smuggle it into Myanmar, which has become a global hub of methamphetamine production.\"The official added that Myanmar drug cartels use pseudo-ephedrine to manufacture methaphetaine, which is then pushed back into India and Thailand.Sources in the intelligence apparatus say while Myanmar traditionally has been a narcotics hub; production of chemical drugs has increased after President Thein Sein's reconciliation process of wooing ethnic groups to sign ceasefire pacts.\"This has led to two things. One, the former militias are free and have no other job but to manufacture drugs, which they did earlier to fund their activities. Second, with democratic process surging ahead, the groups want to make as much money as possible while the situation is conducive,\" explained an intelligence official.Besides, the Myanmar's government is believed to have reached an unwritten agreement with the militia groups to allow them to intensify their drug manufacturing in lieu of a ceasefire.\"All this is having an impact on Indian market. Due to the demand in illicit market, massive amounts of pseudo-ephedrine is being pilfered from factories based in Himachal Pradesh and the distribution networks,\" added the NCB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261826", "title": "Cong to stage dharna for sugarcane farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress on Saturday announced to stage a dharna at all the district headquarters of Uttar Pradesh next week to press for early announcement of support price for sugarcane and starting of crushing season by state sugar mills. UPCC president Nirmal Khatri has directed the district presidents to hold protest dharnas at their respective headquarters to press for at least Rs 325 per quintal support price for sugarcane and start crushing season in the state mills at the earliest, a party release issued here said.The district presidents have also been asked to submit memorandum addressed to the governor through the district magistrates, the release said adding, the date for holding dharnas would be decided by the district units themselves, any day next week. Lamenting the delay in declaring support price and starting the sugar mills, the UPCC president said that more time in doing so would prove to be detrimental for cane growers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17262586", "title": "Ireland says won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be rushed into decision on abortion rig", "text": "LONDON: Ireland has said it will not be rushed into an immediate decision on right to abortion even as it assured India that an independent medical professional will assist the enquiry into the death of an Indian national who was refused termination of her pregnancy despite miscarrying.The Indian envoy to Ireland , Debashish Chakravarti , met Ireland's deputy PM and foreign minister Eamon Gilmore on Friday to convey the \"deep concern\" of Indian government at the death of Dr Savita Halappanavar expressing hope that steps would be taken so as not to allow such an incident to recur.\"He conveyed the desire of the government of India for an independent enquiry to be conducted into the matter and requested to be kept updated about progress,'' said an official source.According to the foreign ministry, Gilmore conveyed deepest sympathies of Ireland for the death of Halappanavar and requested that these be conveyed to the family . He indicated that they were sensitive to the impact of the tragedy on public opinion and civil society.He said the investigation would be completed at an early date and the Irish side would work closely with the Indian mission.Meanwhile, Irish PM Enda Kenny has said he is awaiting a report by an expert group on the issue but will not be rushed into an immediate decision on right to abortion. Kenny said his government would go through the report and indicated it will take its own time in arriving at a decision. Savita, 31, died in Ireland due to blood poisoning after doctors allegedly refused to terminate her 17-week pregnancy , telling her that it was a Catholic country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260110", "title": "She taught Bapu's labour theory to US", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The innovative ways of settlement of labour issues through Gandhian philosophy had inspired American labour leader Walter Reuther so much that he had come all the way to Ahmedabad to learn them. The way industrial disputes were settled in Gujarat through an institution of trusteeship of labourers and mill owners had fascinated Reuther the most.This was a unique model which Anasuya Sarabhai had nurtured all her life to prove to the world how Gandhiji and his non-violent principles were effective in maintaining industrial peace in times of economic distress. Her contribution to elementary education, adult literacy and women empowerment was immense.An exhibition on Motaben, as she was fondly called, was thrown open to the general public at 'Shantisadan' bungalow in Mirzapur on Saturday from where Anasuya had started her mission of welfare for the poor and the labourers of the city.Founder of SEWA Ela Bhatt at the inaugural session said, \"When I volunteered to join Motaben she asked me first whether I had children. When I told her that my kids were very young, she expressed concern and said that I would not be able to give my children enough attention if I joined her. I was so moved that I decided to join Motaben.\"In an introduction to the exhibition, Gira Sarabhai, trustee of Asopalav Nidhi wrote: \"Shantisadan is the building where Motaben and my father Ambalal Sarabhai lived during their youth and started their respected careers. This exhibition has been installed at the same place. Here is Motaben in her own words on her home ground, for the workers of Ahmedabad whom she loved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17261706", "title": "Woman with baby held at CMBT", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police noticed a woman carrying a baby roaming around suspiciously at the Koyambedu bus terminus on Saturday night.The woman who called herself Muniyamma was seen carrying the baby which appeared to be around two-weeks-old. When the police approached and questioned her, Muniyamma claimed she was from north Chennai, but was very vague about her address.When the police asked her about the baby, she initially claimed that her relative gave her the baby and later changed her version, claiming that a mentally ill woman gave it to her and asked her to look after the child.Police took her into custody and are investigating her background to verify her claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260186", "title": "Tired Uddhav on bed rest", "text": "MUMBAI: The strain of the past few days took its toll on Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray who has been advised bed rest.On Saturday morning, when 110 BMC corporators turned up at Matoshree at 11am, they were received by Uddhav's wife Rashmi and senior Sena leader Manohar Joshi .\"Uddhavjinchi tabyat bari nahi, pan amhala vahini bhetlya,\" said a Sena lady corporator. Kolhapur MP and Shetkari Sanghtana leader Raju Shetty said he too could not meet Uddhav. Joshi said the tension had \"tired\" him. \"He should be alright tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260239", "title": "Capital's garbage not to cross borders, Salem proposal aborted", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It seems the garbage piles in the city are here to stay. The government's latest move to transport the garbage across the border to Selam using a private player has also fallen flat. The corporation, which was directed by the state government to tie-up with the private player in this regard, was forced to abandon the plan following an unfavourable police report regarding the credibility of the entity.As per the plan, the private party was to transport the garbage to a Selam plant where it would be used for industrial purposes. The corporation was to pay the private party Rs 5,000 for each tonne of garbage transported. The corporation had initially opposed the idea citing the enormous cost involved.The private party then convinced the officials that other municipalities in the state like those in Thrissur and Kozhikode were also following the same method. It was then the corporation approached the police to verify the authenticity of the claims.Police found out that no such plant existed in Salem. The private party was also caught disposing the garbage randomly at various places across the border. \"We learnt that the scheme was mooted by a fraudster. We can't carry out the garbage disposal in such a manner. The government has already been briefed about the matter,\" said works standing committee chairman V S Padmakumar.The aborted plan to move garbage to Salem is the latest in the list of garbage disposal plans that failed to take off. The corporation officials say that the Salem idea, even if adopted, would not have been viable.\"To transport garbage to such a long distance would mean a lot of fuel. The corporation would never have been able to meet the expenses involved. The idea was not at all practical,\" said health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha.The government had gone for the Salem proposal mainly to tackle the garbage that have been piled up in major markets in the city, like Chalai and Palayam, since last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17260487", "title": "NCP leader Talewar still remains elusive", "text": "NAGPUR: Nationalist congress party (NCP) leader Vijay Talewar remains elusive. The Sitabuldi police has not been able to trace him till date. The leader had gone underground after the Supreme Court cancelled his bail last week.Talewar was booked by Sitabuldi police for dacoity, trespass, outraging modesty and other charges in March earlier this year following a scuffle over possession of property with the woman caretaker of an apartment at Ramdaspeth. The NCP leader, who had contested the last civic election against BJP's Anil Sole, too had got injuredin the scuffle. Caretaker of the property, Bharti Belsare and others were arrested after Talewar lodged a complaint against them.Talewar had approached the High court twice, on different grounds, for bail but the court rejected his plea on both the occasions. Later on he approached the apex court for bail.City NCP president Ajay Patil said that he has already urged his colleague to surrender before the law. \"I always like to stand by the law and so I have given Talewar a deadline to present himself before the police. He is likely to surrender on Monday or else the party would take action against him,\" said Patil.Senior PI, Vivek Joshi of Sitabuldi police said that he is yet to receive the Supreme court order. \"I have heard about the cancellation of the bail plea. We will not spare Talewar,\" said Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265254", "title": "Charlie Chaplin's hat and cane to fetch 40K pounds", "text": "Charlie Chaplin's bowler hat and his cane, which he used onscreen, is expected to fetch 40,000 pounds at an auction.The late English comic actor's items, which are being sold by Bonhams in LA, is reportedly synonymous with his Little Tramp character in films such as 'City Lights' and 'Modern Times'.\"There are other props like them in existence but we have no idea how many and suspect very few,\" the Daily Star quoted Auction house memorabilia specialist Lucy Carr as saying.The accessories are said to be directly linked to the Chaplin family and the cane is inscribed 'CCLT 36', with the letters standing for Charlie Chaplin Little Tramp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262846", "title": "RSS performs alertness drill at dawn", "text": "INDORE: Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) performed alertness drill for its swayamsevaks at Chimanbagh at 6am on Saturday. Over 1,500 volunteers gathered in their uniforms after the RSS head office passed the order at 3am.BJP MLAs Ramesh Mendola, Sudarshan Gupta and BJP city unit president Shankar Lalwani also turned up. The gathering performed routine exercises and yoga.Senior RSS functionary Sarkaryavah Bhaiyyaji Joshi, who is in the city, inspected the exercise. He said that the emergency gathering was performed as a part of check to ensure that the volunteers were alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264316", "title": "Kadambari Debi on celluloid", "text": "That Kadambari Debi left an insurmountable void in Tagore's life is a fact well known. And now, revisiting the timeless saga of love and loss is Aniket Chattopadhyay, whose next film is based on how and why the bard's sister-in-law took her life at the age of 25.  The director, who is currently filming Mahapurush O Kapurush with state minister Bratya Basu, will begin his next shortly. \"The film involves a lot of research and will be made on a huge canvas. There are many reference points, the latest being Ranjan Bandopadhyay's Kadambari Debir Suicide-Note . We need a lot of preparation before the camera starts rolling. Right now, we are in that process,\" says Aniket. Before his marriage in December, 1883, Tagore wrote a few poems and songs, which were published in February, 1884. The collection, Chhobi O Gaan, was dedicated to Kadambari Debi. And within two months of its publication, Kadambari Debi committed suicide. Dealing with a sensitive subject like this isn't easy, but Aniket is hopeful. \"Tagore fascinates every Bengali and I am no exception. Also, it's a story of neglect in banedi families, where the voice of women is suppressed often. The film will also deal with the poet's relationship with other women,\" he says. A huge challenge, according to the director, would also be the cast. \"I cannot have an actor with a huge star baggage to portray Kadambari Debi. Casting someone in the role of Tagore's wife, Mrinalini Debi, would be easier. Though I have an actor in mind for Tagore's role, I don't want to divulge it just yet,\" says Aniket. The film will begin with Kadambari Debi's death and end with the poet's demise. \"The movie will oscillate between one death and another and depict the lives in between,\" the director adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17262432", "title": "PIMS faces second strike in a month", "text": "JALANDHAR: Health services were paralyzed at the Punjab Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS), as almost the entire staff, including the doctors, were on strike due to non-payment of salaries for the past three months. It is the second time in a month that doctors have gone on strike due to non-payment of salaries by the society, headed by rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra, running the institute.The staff has not got salaries for three months from August to October. The power supply of the institute has also been disconnected by Powercom five times till now, since the institute started functioning in 2009 after the Punjab government handed over this 400-bedded medical college to Rakhra led PIMS medical and education charitable society.Even the teaching work has been suspended by the doctors of the medical college and several students have left for their homes. Nursing staff has not gone on strike and doctors are attending only the emergencies and already admitted patients, while they are staying away from the OPDs. As housekeeping staff is also among the striking members, the cleanliness of the hospital has been very badly affected.As number of OPD patients has already touched around 1000 daily, hundreds of patients coming from far off places are returning disappointed and the institute and government have started facing major problems with frequent strikes or power disconnections.The institute has been passing through serious financial crisis and even banks had warned to declare its loan accounts as non-performing assets, as the society had defaulted on paying the instalments of the repayment of loan.PIMS happens to be first tertiary care centre in the entire Doaba region, but due to financial mismanagement its future is not appearing so bright as it was being perceived. After opening of the institute, several big private hospitals in Jalandhar have been apprehending of losing patients base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261957", "title": "Aussie author inspires kids to paint dreams", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Picture books give children the ability to read, think and dream,\" said an exhausted Frane Lessac on Saturday, after a rewarding afternoon with a group of potential picture authors.The Australian author-illustrator of international renown is in the city conducting workshops, interactions and reading sessions for schoolchildren. Lessac's visit, under the auspices of the Australia India Council and in association with the Oz Fest (Australia's biggest cultural festival in India), has brought immense pleasure to children who are forever inclined to paint-and-tell by a dynamic presenter.The author of 35 picture books is also taking for the keeps some exceedingly colourful 'Lift a Flap Books' she had made the children sit-and-draw in two hours flat.\"Children are my biggest source of excitement. They bring out in me the craving to share more and create more,\" smiled Lessac, 58, who has been awarded the Muriel Barwell Award for distinguished service in children's literature.Strangely enough, it took Lessac an entire year to find her first publisher. \"The story of my first book is rather long. Drawn by the sheer beauty of the little island, I moved into Montserrat in the Caribbean. It was here that I was inspired to paint without knowing that the genre of my painting was actually called the Naive Art. I had already started making a living as an artist, but then I started feeling the need to say in words all that I had painted,\" she said.The power of the spoken word, as it were, had suddenly dawned upon her. And \"My Little Island\" came into being only after a year. The book was named Children's Book of the Yearand eventually became a Reading Rainbow feature book.\"More recently my canvas is inspired by the red ochre and brilliant blue of the Australian landscape,\" she informed.Lessac's eye for detail is evident in the wealth of stories she has weaved and illustrated. One would hardly notice in the books, the little shoes worn by a boy or the colours between the leaves, but all of them help build a snapshot of life that vibrant. \"The colours in my paintings are like music - they compliment the flow of story-telling,\" said Lessac.\"I love sharing with students the process of writing and illustrating picture books. I guess my bonding is instant because I goad the children to dream and recreate the dreams,\" she added. \"Travelling is a major source of inspiration for me. I render my impressions of a country and its way of life in oil and gouache paintings,\" she said. No wonder India has been featured in two of her books. 'The Bird who was an Elephant' is themed on India, while the 'Nine O' Clock Lullaby' has a chapter on India.\"My ambition is to instill pride and self esteem in children about their unique heritage and their own ability to capture it in picture and words,\" she said. Born in New Jersey, Lessac now lives in Western Australia and has numerous awards to her name. \"Simpson and his Donkey\", one of her most detailed creations, was awarded the CBCA Even Pownall Book of the Year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17261288", "title": "Kudankulam to go live during Putin trip", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the setback over Russian President Vladimir Putin's abrupt decision to postpone his India visit, the two countries are looking to undo some of the recent strife by commissioning the first Kudankulam reactor during his visit in late December.While foreign ministry officials confirmed that India was looking at commissioning of the reactor either in December or early next year, diplomatic sources said that the possibility of commissioning while Putin is in India cannot be excluded as this will have an immense \"symbolic value'' for relations. However, they ruled out Putin's visit to Kudankulam.\"The time constraint will prevent Putin from going there himself but the commissioning can happen even in a virtual manner with the Russian President and PM Manmohan Singh together giving the go-ahead from Delhi,'' said a source. It remains to be seen if the two sides, especially the Indian government , eventually agree to this as too much fanfare around the commissioning of the first 1,000 MW pressurized heavy water nuclear power plant could spark a fresh wave of protests from the locals.For Putin, the commissioning of the plant could be a significant takeaway from his summit meet with Singh in the absence of any settlement of issues concerning Russian telecom giant Sistema and Kudankulam 3 and 4. Interestingly, the Russians seem to have been waiting for green signal from India to commission the plant. NPCIL started loading uranium fuel in the reactor in September, and now trials at different operating conditions are being carried out. \"We have reached a stage where the commissioning of the plant means no more than pushing a button,'' said a source.Sources, however, said that there is still no progress in attempts by both sides to settle the issue of Kudankulam 3 and 4, which India wants to bring under the purview of its nuclear liability law. The two sides are discussing the likely hike in the cost of these two reactors following India's decision. Along with the cancellation of Sistema's licences for CDMA services by the Supreme Court, this was one of the reasons which forced Putin to defer his summit meet with Singh. The fact that the fresh 2G auctions have not yielded a substantial amount, according to Russian officials, has vindicated Sistema that did not participate in the auction. \"Sistema has been proved correct by the fresh auction and we hope that India will approach Sistema's case in a more liberal manner,'' said Russian senior counselor Sergey Karmalito.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17263182", "title": "Rights group demands cop's suspension", "text": "GARHWA: The Garhwa unit of International Human Rights Commission (IHRC) has demanded suspension of Bhandaria police station officer in-charge accusing him of beating up a panchayat samiti member on November 9.IHRC Garhwa district president Dr CB Mishra has demanded suspension of the Bhandaria OC Manoj Roy accusing him of violating human rights. \"Beating up of the panchayat samiti member, Rajesh Minj, by the OC exemplifies that the OC has bias attitude against the public\", Mishra said.Mishra also said his team had probed the incident of beating up of the panchayat member and came to the conclusion that the OC had told Rajesh Minj on November 9 to quit Bhandaria after beating him. He also threatened Bhandaria that he would implicate Minj in extremist case, Mishra added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "17262249", "title": "Panjab University senators honoured at Model Town college", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The newly elected senators of Panjab University, Chandigarh, were honoured by organizing a colourful and vibrant cultural programme at Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Gujarkhan Campus, Model Town, on Saturday.Dr S S Johal, chancellor, Central University, Bathinda and a nominated member of the senate was the chief guest. The elected members of the PU senate, like Parveen Chawla from principal constituency, Harpreet Dua from teacher's constituency and Kuldeep Singh from teacher's constituency were also honoured on the occasion.The students performed various cultural items to entertain the guests. A play \"Operation Cloudburst\" written by Nadira Babbar was performed by them and a histrionics item called \"Jai Jai Kursi Maiya\" was presented by Harjot Kaur of BA-II. The students then gave the evening a taste of Punjabi folk and concluded the programme with a scintillating giddha. Chief guest Johal congratulated the college on its achievements and the newly elected senators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17262385", "title": "Alarm over \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsting operation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Are health authorities in the city witnessing increasing instances of drug resistance to malaria and falciparum? This is exactly why a national health agency is in the city, closely studying cases in Vatva, Vejalpur, Gomtipur and Chandkheda which have reported high incidences of malaria and falciparum.A team of four scientists from the National Institute of Malaria Research (NIMR) is in the city for the past fewweekstaking bloodsamples of malaria-infected patients and studying the effect of the recommended drug therapy on the patients. \"They are studying drug sensitivity in patients. A total of 72 patients have been examined meticulously after administering drug doses. The high incidence rate in the city is one such reason why it was chosen for the study,\" a senior AMC health official said. The patients have been examined and cases are being studied in Vatva.The exercise is part of the Indo-US joint study, 'Center for the Study of Complex Malaria in India (CSCMi )', which brings together a group of leading US experts in the field of malaria parasite research to work in tandem with faculty at the NIMR Delhi. In Gujarat, the NIMR centre in Nadiad is coordinating the activity. An important part of the study is that it is aimed at genetically sequencing malarial parasite called plasmodium vivax (P.vivax ) in India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a key to preparing drugs against malaria.\"Till date, the only gene sequence that malaria research depends on, is the one obtained from El Salvador . It's important now to study the genetic variation in P.vivax in different zones of the country to formulate drug combinations and Ahmedabad is an important casestudy centre,\" the AMC official added.Authorities are already on the edge wondering if November would be a peak in mosquito onslaught. In case of dengue, its increasing number is also a cause for concern. The city has so far recorded over 540 dengue cases in private hospitals since January. Experts say that they come across chloroquin-resistant malaria cases on regular basis.Anopheles unconqueredPaul JohnAHMEDABAD: Last year, the National Institute for Malaria Research (NIMR) presented a study where it depicted insecticide resistance of the malaria-spreading mosquito Anopheles culicifacies (A. culicifacies ) in few districts of Gujarat. The districts under study were Vadodara, Panchmahal and Kheda.The results were startling as the mosquitoes showed considerable resistance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d anywhere between 75 per cent to 94 per cent \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to insecticides like DDT and malathion and 13 per cent to 64 per cent to deltamethrin. The NIMR team had studied the insecticide effectiveness over a period of three years. The results are crucial for malaria control in the state.The results found that A.culicifacies populations showed resistance to DDT and malathion in Panchmahal, Vadodara and Kheda. For deltamethrin, field population showed resistance in Vadodara and Panchmahal but were found susceptible in Kheda, indicating triple resistance in Vadodara and Panchmahal while double resistance in Kheda district.\"DDT has been phased out because mosquitoes have gone resistant. During fogging in cities, we mix chemicals called malathion and paraffin,\" says a senior epidemiologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17263209", "title": "Smart apps for slow phones", "text": "There's a smart app for every phone. That seems to be the belief powering the mobile app industry today. The perception that apps are meant for just Android phones or the iOS platform of Apple products is not really correct, as developers are trying to make the 'dumb' basic mobiles smarter with new apps.True, they have to contend with low-end software and handsets, besides slower net connections and different screen sizes, but the underlying incentive is the huge user base \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reportedly 85% of mobile phone users in India have feature phones. A large percentage of these don't have GPS (global positioning system) or Wi-Fi. Says Vinayak Naik, assistant professor at Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology (IIIT-D ), Delhi, \"We thought 'how can we leverage this number and give them smart apps?' How can a feature phone user find out travel route info, the right metro or bus in the city?\"Naik and PhD student at IIIT-D , Kuldeep Yadav have developed an alternative to GPS, one that uses cell broadcast service messages (CBS) to estimate location. CBS is a GSM standard in which nearby cell towers broadcast their locality name \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which often shows up on the mobile screen as 'Connaught Place' or 'Karol Bagh' , for instance. A phone can receive CBS messages from only one cell tower to which it is currently connected. The IIIT-D team's software captures these location names and then uses Google Maps to find the exact coordinates. \"You can use it if you want to know about good Chinese restaurants in your area. A smartphone owner uses GPS and Google Maps. But GPS is very expensive and a drain on the battery,\" says Naik. However, they acknowledge that while GPS gives accurate locations, the CBS-based approach might not be that exact because CBS locations might be far from actual locations.\"We wanted to work around services like 2G and SMS which are more prevalent in India,\" says Naik. Their app can work in mobiles in the range Rs 2000-7000 . In a country where people might baulk at paying steep mobile bills for GPS, downloading music and games and where net penetration is quite low, such low-tech ideas could benefit the large base of feature phone customers. In fact, according to telecom market research firm Ovum, the global apps market for feature phones will almost double by 2016, hitting revenues of $1 billion, after being spurred on by the success of smartphone apps.A number of entrepreneurs and firms are already developing apps that are popular with smartphones , such as games, Facebook and Twitter etc, for feature phones too. There are cloud-based platforms that are giving feature phones access to books, health information, news and weather etc.Naik and Yadav too have developed a mobilecloud based system i.e MobiShare, that helps feature phone users to share large content files more easily, despite using 2G which has limited bandwidth . But the moot question is how effectively can these features be understood \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and used by an ordinary mobile user? \"MobiShare can be used by anybody \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including students and the elderly. The minimal requirement is that the handset should have Bluetooth,\" says Yadav. Seems like a smart idea, sirji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17260815", "title": "Valvanti river banks to be beautified", "text": "BICHOLIM: Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar on Friday disclosed plans to beautify a portion on the banks of the river Valvanti in Sanquelim at the cost of 1.5 crore, where Tripurari Pournima festival is celebrated every year.On learning that main rituals of Tripurari Pournima like Deepdaan (releasing the lighted clay lamps into river), Naukanayan contest and other functions are organized in the area, the minister disclosed plans to put up basic amenities and beautify the place to facilitate hundreds of devotees who attend the festival, which is celebrated at the state level.Mandrekar informed that he will construct concrete steps with railings on both the banks of the river.Mandrekar was accompanied by deputy speaker Anant Shet, Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant, Sagar Javdekar and officials of Deepawali Utsav Samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262202", "title": "Tipsy trucker hits car, 2 bikes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a reckless driving case, a tipsy driver rammed his truck into a moving car and dragged it for around 100 metres. Further in an attempt to escape from the spot, the driver also ended up hitting two motorcyclists leaving them critically injured near Sector 47 on Friday night.The spree left two motorcyclists, Sudhir and Amit, critically injured, while the occupants of the car, Pardeep Kumar Verma and his colleague Vanita Jain of Sector 48, received minor injuries.Meanwhile, the tipsy driver, Trilok Singh, was intercepted near Sector 47 light-point after a long chase by passersby including a district court advocate Gurpreet Singh, who followed the truck in his Scorpio. Trilok was arrested under charges of rash driving and attempt to commit culpable homicide. The medical examination of Trilok also confirmed the presence of alcohol in his body. Advocate Gurpreet Singh, who helped nab the driver, said, \"Trilok Singh was completely drunk and when he was nabbed he started abusing and threatening me with dire consequences. A PCR also chased the truck after being informed about the mishap.\"Sector-31 police station SHO Jaspal Singh said the truck was coming from Mohali. \"Charges of attempt to culpable homicide have been slapped against him. He was also sent in judicial custody for 14 days on Saturday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265283", "title": "Britney Spears denies 'wedding to Jason Trawick is off'", "text": "Britney Spears' spokesman has brushed off the claims about pop star's wedding to fiance Jason Trawick getting cancelled, insisting that the reports are untrue.However, Spears' publicist Jeff Raymond did not give details of when the wedding would take place, the Daily Mail reported.A couple of American publications published this week claimed that all is not well between the couple, with one website reporting that the wedding has been postponed.According to RadarOnline, a source said that the couple had planned to marry at the end of December, but they have been \"fighting non-stop.\"\"The romance has gone... I'd be shocked if they got married,\" Us Weekly quoted a source as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17261376", "title": "League to demand withdrawal of cases", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The Muslim League is again set to put pressure on the government to withdraw passport fraud cases registered against 133 persons, mainly party workers, at Karipur International Airport.External affairs minister E Ahamed told a meeting of victims of passport tampering cases organized by the Muslim Youth League (MYL) here on Saturday that he would put pressure on the state government to withdraw the cases.The IUML had earlier approached the government with the demand for withdrawal of these cases. A party delegation, which included a minister and MLAs, had met the chief minister after a meeting with district police chief K Sethuraman. However, it was pointed out that granting of clemency in such cases of forging documents will seriously affect the nation's security.A recent decision of the state government to go soft on passport fraud cases being registered at the Karipur airport following political pressure from the IUML had kicked off a controversy. Ahamed said the central passport officer would soon visit the passport office here to examine complaints of passports being detained. The minister also received 115 fresh complaints of passport tampering cases at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262169", "title": "With pics in x-hires232nd Corps day celebrated at Chandimandir cantonment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Corps of Engineers, one of the oldest arms of the Indian Army and a major contributor towards development of national infrastructure, celebrated its 232nd Corps day on Saturday at Chandimandir cantonment.The corps consists of four pillars, namely, combat engineers, military engineering services, the Border Road Organization and military survey. It also provides officers to the Defence Research &amp; Development Organization (DRDO). The entire sapper fraternity in the tricity of Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali celebrated the event with fervour and zeal. On this momentous occasion, a wreath laying ceremony was held to pay tribute to martyrs at Veer Smriti, Chandimandir. The event was graced by Maj Gen Vishwambhar Singh, chief engineer, western command and a large number of serving and retired officers.The Chief of the Army Staff (COAS) General Bikram Singh and general officer commanding-in-chief (GOC-in-C), western command. Lt Gen Sanjiv Chachra sent complimentary messages to all personnel of the Corps of Engineers on this special day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263158", "title": "Complacency lets cops down in fight against Left extremists", "text": "RANCHI: Despite Giridih sharing a border with Bihar and having a significant presence of Maoists, police always adopt a lackadaisical attitude whenever there is a lull in rebel activity in the district. The slumber is invariably broken by a major attack by the rebels.The latest in the series was the attack on a jail van by Maoists in which the rebels killed three securitymen, one undertrial prisoner and freed a member of Bihar Jharkhand Special Area Committee along with seven other members of the outfit. The Maoists took away seven weapons, including six carbine and one rifle during the attack on November 9. Later, police recovered one four-wheeler, a tractor, 12 motorcycle and also arrested seven men during raids in the next two daysA senior IPS officer who has worked as SP in at least five Maoist-hit districts, including Girdih, said that whenever there is lull in Maoist activity, they adopt a 'go slow' approach. The number of long-range patrolling and vigil on the roads is reduced considerably. The Maoists take advantage of the situation and attack.In the last seven years, the Maoists have managed to take advantage of the situation and executed two major attacks. In 2005, the rebels attacked the home guard training centre in the heart of the town and looted 183 rifles.When police recovered from the rude shock and became a little relaxed, the rebels struck once again. This time in 2007, the rebels killed 17 people, including Anup Marandi, son of the first chief minister of Jharkhand, Babulal Marandi. The rebels launched an attack when Marandi, along with his supporters, was watching a cultural programme at Chilkhari village under Deori police station of the district.Owing to Giridih's proximity to the Bihar border, the rebels can easily carry out their operation and enter Jammui which is a safe haven for them. \"This time, the police was overconfident after the arrest of some of the senior Maoist leaders in the district. The overconfidence that the Maoists will not dare to take any drastic action in the district led to the successful execution of the attack in which special area committee members Shahdeo Soren alias Parvez, who was arrested in March, was freed with other rebels,\" said the officer.Deputy inspector general of police Suman Gupta declined to comment. \"An inquiry is going on in the matter and it will not be correct to make any comment at the moment,\" said the DIG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17262661", "title": "Uruguay\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Jose world\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s poorest president", "text": "LONDON: Uruguayan president Jose Mujica has been dubbed as the 'poorest president' in the world, as he lives on a ramshackle farm and is known for giving away 90% of his earnings to charity.The charismatic 77-yearold has refused to adapt his lifestyle to embrace the trappings of power that come with being the country's figurehead , and instead continues to live at the farm situated a few miles away from the country's capital Montevideo . The only sign the country's leader is at home are the pair of police officers who stand at the end of his heavily tractor-rutted dirt track.According to the paper, Mujica gives 90% of his monthly salary, the equivalent of \u00c2\u00a37,500, away to charity leaving him with just \u00c2\u00a3485 a month to live off. The parttime farmer's proudest and most valuable possessions are his tired-looking Volkswagen Beetle and his threelegged dog Manuela. He gets water from a well and his laundry goes to a washing line outside instead of a tumble dryer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262412", "title": "HC restrains government from finalizing recruitment of rural teachers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Saturday restrained Punjab education department from finalizing the recruitment of 5,078 rural associate teachers in the state.Justice Tejinder Singh Dhindsa passed these orders while considering a petition filed by one Paraminder Pal and other unemployed BEd qualified persons from Punjab. The state education department had invited application for filling up 5,078 posts of rural associate teachers through a public notice on September 9, 2012.Petitioners in the case had stated that the National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE), which is the academic authority under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 (RTE Act) had, vide circular dated February 11, 2011 declared that a person for appointment as a teacher in any school must have acquired a pass certificate in TET (Teachers Eligibility Test) to be conducted by some agency appointed by the concerned state government. Such TET has to be conducted at least once every year.The grievance of the petitioners was that ever since the condition regarding TET came into force, Punjab government conducted the test only once on July 3, 2011. The petitioners could not qualify the TET in July 2011 but the Punjab education department notified 5,078 posts of rural associate teachers in September 2012. The counsel for the petitioners submitted that Punjab government be directed to conduct a TET test before filling up posts of 5,078 rural associate teachers, so that a large number of persons, like the petitioners who either could not qualify the TET test in July, 2011, or who passed BEd examination in 2012, may get a chance to acquire TET qualification.Observing that passing of TET is a basic qualification for consideration for appointment as a teacher, and the action of the state government in proceeding with recruitment of 5,078 rural associate teachers without holing TET will deny the petitioners and all other similarly situated prospective applicants a chance to acquire the required qualification, Justice Dhindsa restrained the Government from finalizing the recruitment process till the next date of hearing. Now the case has been fixed for further hearing on December 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17261978", "title": "Fund crunch leaves several railway projects in limbo", "text": "MADURAI: A number of railway projects in southern Tamil Nadu are in limbo due to paucity of funds.Some of these projects were announced way back in 1997 and could have made journeys much better, particularly from southern Tamil Nadu, if they were implemented in time. While passengers are left to wait to enjoy the benefits of the projects, the delay in completion is having a crippling effect on Southern railway.One of the projects suffering undue delay is broad gauge conversion works on the Senkottai-Punalur section which was announced in 1997. Another BG conversion work pending in Madurai Division is Madurai-Bodi section announced in 2009. This project was estimated to cost Rs 150 crore but only Rs 15 crore was allotted in 2011 while a meagre Rs 5 crore was sanctioned in 2012.In the same way, meagre allotment of funds has affected completion of Palani-Pollachi section. The 123 km Dindigul-Kottayam Broad Gauge and Madurai-Aruppukottai-Tuticorin Broad Gauge projects could not be completed.The track doubling between Chennai-Madurai section has been partially completed but the remaining portion is progressing at a snail's pace. Doubling of 273 km track between Vilupuram and Dindigul was approved in 2008-09 railway budget at a cost of Rs 820 crore. The work was entrusted to Rail Vikas Nigam, but the project is yet to take off.Similarly, the survey for doubling track between Madurai and Kanyakumari was announced in 2012-13, but it has not been done so far. Passengers feel that at least Madurai-Virudhunagar section should be taken up at the earliest which is choked with railway traffic.The Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI) that organised a review meeting on delay of railway of projects due to poor fund allocation urged the state government to bear 50 percent of the cost in the projects to expedite works. S Rethinavelu, senior president of TNCCI urged the state government to come forward to share the cost in the railway projects for early expedition of works like the state governments of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. He also stressed the importance of setting up a ministry to look after railway projects.Divisional railway manager Ajai Kant Rastogi who participated in the meeting said passenger train services will commence in the Dindigul-Palani section with three train services in a day soon. Virudhunagar-Manamadurai gauge conversion works will be completed by January 31, 2013, and the trains will be operated in the section after the Commissioner of Railway Safety's inspection, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17260872", "title": "'Small land holdings a concern'", "text": "PANAJI: Agricultural research has reached only 20% of big farmers with resources, but not small and marginal farmers who constitute a major chunk, B Gangwar, project director, project directorate for farming systems research, Meerut, said on Saturday. Speaking to reporters at Old Goa, he said that India's production registered a record 258 million tones during 2010-11, but as 86% of the land holdings are small, this could be a matter of concern in the future.Further, the fragmentation is likely to increase to 95% in about 15 years and this would be a major problem as it would affect sustainability of agriculture for small and marginal farmers.\"Integrated farming is supposed to be a strong tool to look into this problem,\" he said.ICAR has 31 centres, inclduign Goa, where technology is developed to help farmers. Families are adopted for provision of inputs to augment food production. Local problems are also examined and addressed to help the farming community.Allindia co ordinated research project 2010 is one of the projects at national level for upliftment of farmers and ensure livelihood security, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17260124", "title": "Attukal gears up to welcome Sabarimala pilgrims", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If everything goes as per the district authorities' plan, Ayyappa devotees will have a hassle-free time at the Attukal Bhagavathy Temple this season. Both the district administration and the temple trust are giving final touches to the special arrangements at for the Sabarimala pilgrims arriving at the temple.It was last year that the district authorities decided to set up a halting point (idathavalam) at Attukal with the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple turning a must-visit pilgrimage centre and a large number of Sabarimala pilgrims flocking to the city.Devaswom and health minister V S Sivakumar inaugurated the 24X7 police control room and KSRTC service on Friday evening. The neatly asphalted two-and-a-half acre parking bay that can accommodate up to 150 buses at a time, will be ready by Monday.\"Apart from that, the health department will provide a mobile clinic at the temple for the devotees and steps will be initiated towards controlling epidemic diseases. Suchitwa Mission, Thiruvananthapuram corporation and health department will ensure cleanliness on the premises and a team of 200 policemen will manage the security, traffic and smooth flow of devotees. We hope the devotees will have hassle-free time at Attukal,\" said Thiruvananthapuram revenue divisional officer Mohammed Mustafa.Apart from these, the temple authorities are arranging showers, water taps, free food, open kitchen, shelter and bed space for the pilgrims.\"We are spending Rs 20 lakh to asphalt the parking bay and Rs 50 lakh to construct permanent refreshment complex for this season which will be ready in a few days. We also constructed a building for an Indian Coffee House outlet and a shopping complex at a cost of Rs 20 lakh and Rs 18 lakh, respectively,\" said Attukal Bhagavathy Temple Trust secretary M S Jyothishkumar.District authorities said KSRTC services have already started connecting Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple and Attukal Temple. \"This would help ease traffic congestion in city due to Ayyappa devotees' vehicles. Services made available at Attukal and Sree Padmanabhaswamy temples will be exhibited and announced in five languages at Attukal. A meeting of hoteliers, roadside tea-food stalls and vendors is convened on Saturday to reach a consensus on the rates of food items to be distributed,\" said the RDO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17262954", "title": "Firm owners dupe employees of Rs 6 lakh", "text": "JAIPUR: An FIR has been registered against a fraudulent call centre company in Malviya Nagar for promising its 15 employees and some other customers jobs in UK and duping them of Rs 6 lakh.According to the police, the company directors did not pay salary to the employees for two months, instead took money from them on the pretext of procuring their passport and visa. They also didn't pay the landlord and the shops from where they had purchased the computers and other equipment. The office was closed for Diwali holidays for three days and when the employees retuned, they found it locked with even furniture and computers missing.According to sub inspector Rohitashva, who is investigating the case, an FIR has been registered by the employees at Malviya Nagar police station.\"A man, posing as Rajkumar Sharma from Delhi, opened an office called 'RK Sons' at a building near Apex Circle in Malviya Nagar nearly two months ago. They hired nearly 20 employees and told them that it was a call centre firm. He had promised them a salary of Rs 25,000 - Rs 20,000 every month,\" said the officer. Rajkumar had some other accomplices.The officer added that Rajkumar did not pay the salary after the first month. \"When employees approached him, he claimed that he would get them a job in a herbal products manufacturing company in UK. He said that he would get them passport and visa and took Rs 50,000 to Rs 30,000 from most of them,\" said the officer.However, when the employees found the office locked, after they returned from Diwali vacations, they got suspicious and lodged the FIR.\"We are verifying whether even the name Rajkumar Sharma and those of others who were involved in fraud are genuine,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17261811", "title": "RK Laxman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin saddened by news", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra strongman Bal Thackeray's death has left the family of celebrated cartoonist and old friend R K Laxman saddened. \"It will take time for the news to sink in,\" Laxman's wife Kamala said on Saturday.Kamala recalled that Thackeray had a premonition of his death when she spoke to him on the phone some time back. \"I told him he would get well soon and visit us in Pune. But he said that was wishful thinking.\"Laxman and Thackeray's spanned 65 years. They began their careers as cartoonists together at the Free Press Journal in Mumbai in 1947. \"Both of them left the daily after an year. Laxman became a full-time cartoonist, while Thackeray took to politics. Yet, they kept in touch and often went out for lunch in Mumbai,\" Kamala said.Speaking on Laxman's behalf, she said that her husband has been in shock ever since he heard of Thackeray's death. \"He would not stop watching the news. Though he cannot speak, I could tell from his body language that he was sad.\"After meeting Laxman in Pune last November, Thackeray had said, \"We met after a long time and I could see tears in his eyes, as it takes him a lot of effort to speak. We understand each other very well. We have drawn some of the finest cartoons. The language of lines and faces is a better mode of communication.\"Kamala said that Thackeray had held Laxman in high regard.\"He considered Laxman an exceptional cartoonist. He would often ask his nephew Raj to follow in Laxman's footsteps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260743", "title": "No holiday, but Chhath is on", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset with the government's decision not to declare public holiday on Chhath, BJP leaders said that the Congress is not considerate towards Poorvanchalis. Meanwhile, the three corporations have claimed that the preparations for Chhath Puja, which is on November 19, are in full swing.\"We got a letter from chief minister Sheila Dikshit saying that Chhath can't be declare a public holiday. The government is not thinking about lakhs of Poorvanchalis. It is their main festival,\" said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House, North corporation.The BJP has been pushing for a holiday on Chhath as the Poorvanchali vote bank helped the party win the municipal elections in Congress bastion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the trans-Yamuna area.Delhi BJP has decided to deploy 10,000 karsewaks at 160 ghats. The party will also deploy divers at all the important ghats for the safety of the people. On Saturday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta inspected the ghats in the trans-Yamuna area. \"There are no pucca ghats in the area. But the arrangements made by the corporations are satisfactory,\" said Gupta.The civic agencies have constructed separate changing rooms for women and toilets at the ghats. Sanitation workers have been deployed to clean the ghats and the engineering department has been asked to level uneven surfaces at the ghats. Mayor of East and North corporations visited the ghats on Saturday and directed officials to finish the work by Sunday. Special arrangements are being made in municipal parks for the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17259772", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC win in style", "text": "PUNE: Mumbai FC continued their I-League revival in fantastic fashion, scripting a 4-1 win over Shillong Lajong at the Balewadi Stadium, in Pune, on Saturday.Picking up from where they left last week, Khalid Jamil's boys put on a commanding show that visiting Lajong had no real answer to.The floodgates opened as early as the 18th minute when Nicholas Rodrigues swung in a free kick that beat everyone, including the Lajong 'keeper to give Mumbai FC a freakish lead.But they made sure they deserved it just two minutes later when Gabriel Fernandes made it two goals in two games after tapping in from close after Subhas Chakraborty crossed in.The two goals gave the hosts confidence to express themselves and they began keeping the ball for longer spells.But just when the hosts seemed to be coasting through to a comfortable win, Sushil Kumar headed home in the 75th minute to give Lajong a lifeline.But Mumbai FC held their nerves and Justin Stephen put the issue beyond doubt when he rose to head in a Rodrigues corner in the 81st minute.ND Opara, brought on as a substitute banged the final nail in Lajong's coffin with a goal in injury time. The win lifted Mumbai FC to 9th position from 13th on the table while Lajong stay on 8th with seven points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17260704", "title": "Degrees, medals awarded at Ewing Christian College's 16th convocation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 16th convocation function of the Ewing Christian College (ECC), a constituent college of Allahabad University, was held on its campus on Saturday. Meritorious students of B Ed, BA, BSc (Biology) and BSc (Maths) were given gold, silver and bronze medals at the function along with the degree being conferred to passing out students of the college.According to press and media committee in charge P C Srivastava, in the 16th convocation of the college, 376 students of Arts, 130 of Biological Sciences, 184 of Maths and 101 students of BEd streams were conferred graduation degrees by dean of the College Development Council (CDC) Prof L R Singh who attended the convocation as nominee of Vice-Chancellor of Allahabad University A K Singh.The guest of honour at the function was Bishop of Lucknow (CNI) and chairman, boards of directors of Ewing Christian College Society, retired Rev. Morris Edgar Dan. Vice president of the society Rajesh Joseph blessed the outgoing graduates of the college and wished them a successful life. Principal Dr M Massey presented the report of progress of the college and made special mention of development of modern facilities of education like e-library, classroom projection in 22 departments, wi-fi campus and in addition transition of approach from teacher-centric to learner-centric. The convocation function was successfully conducted by Dr A D M David and attended by dignitaries like former principals of ECC, Dr SD Chand and Dr GS Zamen.Meritorious students awarded medals in various categories included students of all the four streams being taught in the college. Shruti Vig was awarded gold medal in B Ed, Sarvesh Kumar Yadav in BA, Barkha Srivastava in BSc (Biology) and Abhishek Kesarwani in BSc (Maths). Silver medals were awarded to Navjot Kaur Sandhu in BEd, Anil Kumar Yadav in BA. Nistha Agarwal in BSc (Biology) and Kanika Malhotra in BSc (Maths) courses. Bronze medals were awarded to Richa Yadav in B Ed, Amit Pandey in BA, Rahmeen Ehsan in BSc (Biology) and Swapnil Srivastava in BSc (Maths).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17261397", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcQuick\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 project for disposal of pending files", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer launched the Quality Improvement and Care-Kozhikode (Quick) project of the district administration at a function held at the collectorate conference hall here on Saturday.The project aims at the speedy disposal of pending files. A help desk set up at the collectorate will give needed guidance to visitors who comes to the collectorate for various purposes. The staff at the help desk will direct them to the respective department on the basis of their need and requirement. A cell headed by assistant collector Peer Muhammed Ali will monitor the implementation of the project.District collector K V Mohankumar said that 75% of the pending files in the various government departments will be cleared before December 31. The collector also said that the district administration will expand the Quick project to taluk and village offices in a phased manner.A Pradeep Kumar, MLA presided over the function. Purushan Kadalundi, MLA, district panchayat president K Jameela and ADM K P Ramadevi spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17261006", "title": "Manesar executive duped of Rs 5.50L", "text": "GURGAON: A manager of a Manesar-based private company was duped of Rs 5.50 lakh by fraudsters saying he had won a huge lottery amount. The amount was deposited in different banks as security money by the manager. The Manesar police have lodged a case.According to police, Sanjay Bajaj, working as a manger in a private company in Manesar, has lodged a complaint with Manesar police. In his complaint, he told police that he had got an e-mail one and a half month ago. Someone had informed him that he had won a 5 lakh pound lottery. The mailer told him to deposit security money before collecting the huge amount.\"The victim deposited Rs 5.50 lakh in different bank accounts, but when he did not get any money for some days, he lodged a complaint with police,\" said an investigating officer.\"We have lodged an FIR against unknown fraudsters on the charge of cheating under the IT Act. The cybercrime cell team experts and the investigating officers are looking into the matter. The accused will be arrested soon\", said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17262872", "title": "Festival special train on November 19", "text": "INDORE: The Western Railway(WR) will be running festival special trains from November 19 between from Surat to Firozpur and from Valsad to Guwahati.According to PRO,WR, Pradeep Sharma, train number 09037 Surat- Firozpur Puja Special will leave Surat at 8.40 on November 19 ,Monday and will reach Bharuch at 9:35, 10.45 Vadodara, 12.45 Godhra, 13.19 Dahod, 15.00 Ratlam, 16.10 Nagda, 19.10 Kota, 21.25 Sawai Madhopur, 00.25 Bayana, 01.10 Bharatpur, 02.40 Mathura, 5.25 Delhi Safdarjung, 06.35 Shakurbasti, 7.50 Rohtak, 08.40 Jind, 9.45 Jakhal, 10.00 Bhatinda, 11.00 Faridkot and will reach Firozpur at 12.30 on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17262049", "title": "Sugarcane farmers flay govt", "text": "MADURAI: Sugarcane farmers in the district have expressed their disappointment over power plant construction works in Alanganallur National Cooperative Sugar Mills proceeding at a snail's pace though they have long back contributed for the project. During the Tamil Nadu Sugarcane Farmers Association conference held here on Saturday, farmers expressed their disappointment over the thermal power plants inside the sugar mills which can generate power through sugarcane waste. They passed a resolution urging the state government to expedite the works. The previous regime proposed 10 such plants in the sugar mills, allocating Rs 1,100 crore. Sugarcane farmers were also asked to contribute Rs 100 per tonne. \"We have realised Rs 5 crore in that manner and handed it over to the government, but construction of these power plants is slow without any thrust from the present regime,\" N Palanisamy, president of the association said.Palanisamy stressed if the thermal power plant comes up in the sugar mill, the district can be powered from the plant, easing out the current power crisis to a great deal. At present, sugarcane is cultivated in 15,000 acres in the district though the original cultivation was 25,000 acres. Every year, the sugar mill at Alanganallur crushes 3.5 lakh tonnes of sugarcane with 2,500 tonnes as daily capacity. The waste generated in the sugar mill can be used to produce power which will greatly aid farmers, he said.The association also strongly opposed the recommendations of the C Rangarajan committee over reforms in the sugarcane industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267343", "title": "Every breath you take", "text": "It was a battle that 50-year-old Mohammed Hasim was fast losing. A diabetic for 15 years, this Kishanganj resident was plagued by a foot ulcer which didn't heal despite repeated hospitalizations. As the ulcer spread, there was danger of his foot getting amputated. That's when he started a relatively new treatment called HBOT (Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy). \"I used to be in great pain and couldn't walk properly. But ever since I did HBOT for a month, my wound has dried up and the pain gone. I have got a new lease of life.\"India has close to 63 million diabetics, the second highest after China. Of these, 15% get foot problems at least once a lifetime and of these, 8-10% get ulcers, some so severe that they take years to heal, if at all they do. According to the Vascular Society of India, some 80,000 amputations take place a year, out of which 50% are due to diabetes. That's a huge number of people to be debilitated. While the normal recourse for tackling ulcers is repeated dressings and in some cases, skin grafts, these are not long-term solutions as the area around the wound is often dead skin and tissue, leading to loss of circulation and decreased sensation. This can lead to injury. However, HBOT is a cutting-edge technology that augments healing. The patient is first put in closed chamber where he is administered 100% oxygen (atmosphere has 21% oxygen) under pressure (1.5-2 ATA) so that more is absorbed by his body, says Dr Ashok Damir, head, Advanced Centre for Diabetic Foot and Wound Management, Fortis C-DOC. \"Diabetes clogs blood vessels by thickening their basement membrane. The ailment also leads to less nitric oxide which is important to keep vessels dilated. These clogged vessels also affect the nerves they service, leading to decreased sensation and thereby blisters and ulcers,\" says Damir. \"Patients with non-healing ulcers for over a month are ideal candidates for HBOT.\"The patient is made to lie in a transparent chamber where he can communicate with the operator. As the patient breathes in the oxygen, it's absorbed both by the haemoglobin and plasma in the blood. \"Plasma can leak out from small arteries into tissues (10-15 times the usual amount) and increase the healing process. It also aids in antibiotics reaching tissues,\" says Damir. \"HBOT also increases the production of fibroblasts which make collagen tissue which aids healing, helps new growth of blood vessels and increases the capacity of white blood cells, thereby increasing immunity.\"Each session in the chamber is from 1.5-2 hours and depending on the size of the ulcer, can extend from 20-40 sittings. The patient has to come every day and the results are often obvious after some 10 sessions as the ulcer decreases in size and slowly closes. However, it's an expensive treatment \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 4,500 per session in Fortis.HBOT, in fact, is almost 200 years old and was used as an antidote for underwater divers. As the pressure is more under water, when these divers came to the surface, air bubbles were formed in the blood, sometimes travelling to the brain, leading to deaths. So they were put in a pressurized cabin with pure oxygen to allow them to get acclimatized to the atmospheric pressure. This technique is now used in medicine. HBOT is done alongside regular dressing and skin grafts and in some cases, even with Vacuum Assisted Closure (VAC). Here, after cleaning the wound, a special foam dressing is put which is connected to a suction machine which removes all the discharge and debris.Experts say that with timely dressings and HBOT, 80% of diabetic ulcers can get healed. Skin grafts work only if there is some blood flow to the wound. In some cases, even stem cell treatment is used for diabetic ulcers as they discharge growth factors that encourage the formation of new blood vessels.HBOT is also believed to help post- cancer radiation effects, autism and tinnitus by increasing the oxygen going to various arteries and nerves. However, HBOT is not covered by insurance companies, making many patients baulk at using it. Sad, considering its long-term benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17260762", "title": "Zuarinagar theft: 3 held", "text": "VASCO: Verna police arrested a juvenile duo and a scrap- yard owner on Saturday for their alleged involvement in a theft at a hardware shop at Zuarinagar on October 31.PSI Arjun Sangodkar said that the minors were arrested and they revealed the involvement of the scrapyard owner from Fatorda.Police later arrested the scrapyard owner, Shabbir Mullasab Ahmed Hiremat, 35. He will be produced before Vasco judicial magistrate first class on Sunday. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17262415", "title": "Bollywood danced to the Tiger\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s tune", "text": "Hindi cinema is part of the Thackeray mythology from his earliest years\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe Shiv Sena chief had, during his struggling period as an artist,done show cards for JBH Wadia's films. When he rose to political pre-eminence, he counted among his friends such Tinseltown luminaries as Dilip Kumar, Lata Mangeshkar , Amitabh Bachchan and Rajesh Khanna to name only a few. Film folks would make a beeline for his bungalow , Matoshree, either to fraternise with the Sena chief or grovel for favours. Given his clout in Mumbai, most of the film fraternity never made the mistake of rubbing him the wrong way.For all the fear that his name may have evoked, however, Thackeray genuinely loved films (and film stars). For many years, a Raj Kapoor portrait adorned the wall in the visitors' room at Matoshree. His nephew Raj Thackeray's real name is Swara Raj\u00e2\u20ac\u201da name chosen by the tiger as a tribute to the actor in the late 1960s. Before the Sena took a strong Hindutva line, Dilip Kumar too was his friend. \"Dilipsaab would often drop in at Matoshree for a gupshup session and leave only after a sumptuous Maharashtrian meal,\" says one of Thackeray's close aides.Years ago, the thespian had sought Thackeray's intervention following a Sena ban on the release of Hindi films made by South producers. This was in retaliation to the DMK's anti-Hindi movie stir in Tamil Nadu. \"Dilipsaab came to Matoshree with the Tamil producer of Aadmi,\" recalls the Thackeray aide. \"The producer pleaded his case before Balasaheb, who made it clear that the ban on Aadmi would be revoked only if the DMK softened its line on the Hindi film issue. The producer telephoned chief minster C Annadurai and the dispute was resolved amicably.\"The Sena's anti-South stir didn't seem to dim Vyjayanthimala's affection for Balasaheb and his wife Meenatai. \"Vyjayanthimala was my rakhi sister. If she couldn't make it to Matoshree on Narali Purnima day, she would post a rakhi to me,\" the Sena patriarch had once told this correspondent . Then there was Rajesh Khanna, who would always be armed with two bottles of champagne when he visited\u00e2\u20ac\u201done for him and one for Thackeray . \"The two would talk till past midnight ,\" says a Thackeray kin. Outside Matoshree too, there was glamour\u00e2\u20ac\u201dDharmendra , Jeetendra and Mithun Chakraborty would often attend the Bharatiya Kamgar Sena meetings as star guests.Lata Mangeshkar, too, had an excellent equation with the Thackerays. According to Sena folklore, the singer was eager to extend financial assistance to Bal Thackeray when he launched the Sena in 1966 but without making her name public. Thackeray, so goes the story, politely turned down the hefty donation, saying that by remaining anonymous Lata wasn't going to help the Sena cause. In later years, however, Lata never concealed her close ties with the Sena.Many cinema folks made a beeline for Matoshree when in a crisis. Industry veterans recall how, after the Sena agitated against Sanjay Dutt for his TADA illegal weapons case, Sunil Dutt finally visited Thackeray and sought his \"blessings\". Thackeray promptly issued a statement giving a clean chit to Sanjay, much to the consternation of many Sainiks. The Sena supremo stood behind Bachchan as well when the actor was accused in the Bofors case. The Thackeray-Bachchan friendship deepened with passing years.It wasn't only actors who ran to Matoshree to mollify the Sena chief. If film-maker Mani Ratnam went to seek clearance for Bombay, which had a character allegedly based on Thackeray , Enron spokesperson Rebecca Mark went to discuss the future of the MNC which the Sena chief had once threatened to \"throw into the Arabian Sea\" . Global superstarMichael Jackson and southern phenomenon Rajanikanth too lit up Kalanagar with their presence. In a sense, it was always celebrity time at Matoshree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267208", "title": "I am not playing Mary Kom in Thuppaki: Kajal", "text": "Actress Kajal Aggarwal is pretty upbeat about her latest release 'Thuppaki' where she plays the role of a boxer. Rumour has it that the role is based on Olympic medalist Mary Kom, how far is that true? \"It's not based Mary Kom's character at all,\" clarifies Kajal and adds, \"I did watch some of her videos to get the body language right but its not that the role has been inspired by her or I have am playing her on screen.\"\"Its been a very fun role for me,\" informs Kajal when we tell her that reports also suggest that the role in Thuppaki has been the most challenging for her so far. She also says, \"Every role has a challenge but I wouldn't say that it has been the most challenging role for me. I have pretty much played myself on screen. It's not like the role had something impossible to do.\"Kajal, who is perhaps the most sought after actor in the Tamil and Telugu industries down south, has always worked with the top directors and she considers herself to be lucky. But that is not going to stop the actress from experimenting; in fact, the actress is open to work with new and upcoming filmmakers who have something different to offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261449", "title": "Nitish Kumar for people-to-people contact between India, Pakistan", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar returned on Saturday after his weeklong visit to Pakistan and was happy over the successful and fruitful journey during which he interacted with officials and leaders of different parties of the neighbouring country.Nitish began his Pakistan visit with floral tributes to Pakistan's `Rashtrapita' Mohammad Ali Jinnah in Karachi and rounded off the tour by paying respect to great saint Hazrat Data Saheb Ganj Bakhsh in Lahore where he also visited the mausoleum of great philosopher and Urdu poet Dr Sir Mohammad Iqbal who penned the famous patriotic song \"Saare jehan se achchha Hindustan hamara\".The CM, who was accorded a warm welcome generally reserved for the head of the government by the chief ministers of Sindh and Punjab provinces and an unscheduled reception by President Asif Ali Zardari in Islamabad, lobbied hard for people-to-people contact between the two nations. Knowing well that the families in Pakistan have their relatives in India particularly in northern states and vice versa, Nitish said there were growing aspirations among people of India and Pakistan that the relation between the two countries should be cordial based on peace and trust. There is a need to enhance the exchange of cultural delegations, he said.\"I met a cross section of political leaders and everyone favoured cordial ties between the two countries. A fresh atmosphere of friendship should be created,\" the CM said while talking to newsmen on return to Patna. Nitish returned to India via Wagah border on Friday. The CM recalled his address at Government College University in Lahore and said, \"When I expressed my views why we should fight instead of jointly waging a war for elimination of poverty and hunger, the entire hall reverberated with thunderous applause.\"In a rare gesture, President Zardari hosted a dinner in his honour on Diwali day when he came to know about the festival. Originally, the dinner that evening was scheduled to be hosted by the foreign ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261883", "title": "Chhath festivities begin", "text": "KANPUR: The four-day Chhath Puja festivities started in the city with the ritual of 'Naha Kha' here on Saturday.The locals were witnessed giving final touches to their preparations on the banks of river and ponds where the main Chhath rituals will be performed on day three of the festival on Monday. Chhath Puja is celebrated twice a year for four days each time, once in summers (Chaiti Chhath) and once in winters (Kartik Chhath). The winter Chhath is often considered more popular.Talking about the significance of the festival, Swati, an immigrant from Bihar said though Chhath celebrations were earlier confined to Bihar and eastern UP, the festival is now a part of the cultural calendar in the rest of the country as well.\"Chhath is a way to thank the god of energy, the sun. During the festival, devotees worship sun for wellbeing, prosperity and progress in their homes,\" added Swati.Ratna, a housewife said on the first day of the festival, the devotees clean their houses, cook a traditional vegetarian meal and offer it to Sun God, hence the name 'Naha Kha' (literally meaning 'bathe' and 'eat').\"On this day, the devotees can eat only one meal,\"' added Ratna.The members of Shastri Nagar Chath Puja committee informed that this four-day festival includes several traditional rituals like holy bathing, fasting and standing for hours in water making offerings to the Sun God to ensure prosperity and happiness in future. The second day of the festival, also known as Kharna, involves devotees observing a fast till late in the evening after worshipping mother earth. The common delicacies offered and distributed on this occasion include Rasiao-kheer, puris and fruits.Officials review civic arrangements: The additional municipal commissioner along with other officials of the municipal department visited various city ghats here on Saturday to take stock of arrangements pertaining to Chhath Puja. The officials also reviewed preparations at Chat Puja venues at Shastri Nagar and Panki canal.During his visit to Parmath Ghat, Umakant Tripathi, additional municipal commissioner reprimanded KMC workers after he witnessed piles of garbage scattered in and around the ghat. He also listened to the grievances of the locals who complained about poor civic arrangements ahead of Chhath festivities.Tripathi also instructed the chief engineers of KMC to ensure proper lighting on the Chhath celebration spots. He also assured filling of potholes near Chath Puja venues before Monday.Pond created for Chhath rituals: As access to Panki canal passing through Shastri Nagar area has been restricted by the municipal authorities, locals of the area have prepared Lajpat Nagar Ramlila ground as their Chhath Puja venue this year.With the help of district administration and a local corporator, the pond in the ground has been leveled and temporary embankments have been made where the women will perform Chhath Puja. The pond will also be filled with 2.5 feet deep water to be supplied from Jal Nigam tank so that people may perform the rituals properly.Rajesh Singh, the local corporator said, \"In a bid to provide realistic atmosphere for the women to perform Chhath' rituals, we have decided to prepare Lajpat Nagar park's pond as Chath Puja venue which will be filled with water with the help of a tube well.\"He said close to 10 lakh rupees had been spent to prepare the pond as a venue and around 2000 families from areas like Darshanpurwa, Shastri Nagar, Kakadeo, Lajpat Nagar were expected to perform Chath Puja here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17262082", "title": "Hot water spring in West Kameng gets a facelift", "text": "ITANAGAR: The famed hot water spring in West Kameng district, located 4 km away from Dirang township, was given a facelift in a social service-cum-cleanliness drive initiated by the Dirang general administration with support from All Dirang Students' Union (ADSU) and the town locals.The spring is considered a 'special attraction' in the tour itinerary of those visiting the twin districts of West Kameng and Tawang.This natural hot water spring flows from nearby hills and falls into the Dirang river throughout the year. The sulphur content of the spring water is said to cure various kinds of skin diseases besides rejuvenating the body.Buddhists from far and near throng the site and camp here to bathe and meditate during holy months. Visitors who come here during winters make it a point to enjoy a refreshing bath here.\"The natural hot water spring is not only a boon to the people of Dirang circle, but is an asset to the people of Arunachal Pradesh. Hence, we must make all efforts to protect and preserve this important tourist destination,\" said newly appointed Dirang additional deputy commissioner D Riba.Meanwhile, senior public leader Senge Tsering appealed to the state government to provide more funds to renovate the twin-bathing pools.\"Although it is learnt that the nodal department had placed some funds for the site previously, it has been utilized in the construction of a guest house and other maintenance work. We, however, have to renovate the dilapidated bathing pools, which are of basic and prime importance\", he said. The bathing pools are in a bad condition and there is mud and silt spread all over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17261874", "title": "WWF campaign to boost morale of Pakke Tiger Reserve staff", "text": "GUWAHATI: Members of a quick response team of forest frontline staff comprising former army personnel and local youths deployed in remote jungles of Pakke Tiger Reserve in Arunachal Pradesh are no longer isolated from their counterparts working in different tiger-bearing countries.Under the WWF's international campaign \"Card4tigers\", which profiles rangers and forest guards from tiger-bearing countries like Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Nepal and Thailand , words of encouragement and messages on conservation are exchanged to keep the morale of the frontline staff high in tiger reserves.Pakke's strike force, with about 30 members armed with rifles and wireless handsets, has been playing a crucial role in saving tigers and other wildlife in the reserve. They are trained in guerrilla warfare and jungle craft.Divisional forest officer Tana Tapi recently presented the \"Cards4tigers\" postcards carrying messages of encouragement and acknowledgement for their work on tiger conservation to the team leader of the strike force. A photograph of Union minister for forests and environment Jayanthi Natarajan signing a postcard was presented to the DFO.\"The basic intention of the campaign is to keep the morale of our frontline staff in tiger-bearing countries high by sending messages among them and exchanging information of their work in their respective places. This helps in boosting the morale of the people working in the field of tiger conservation,\" WWF-India Assam landscapes head Anupam Sarmah said.Sarmah added that after the launch of the campaign, the frontline staff was able to know about the works of their counterparts in other countries. It has also helped them build contact with frontline staff in other countries through cards.The WWF-India's camera-trap exercise in 2011-2012 found nine tigers in Pakke while the next phase of tiger estimation is on. WWF-India is helping the tiger reserve officials in conducting the camera-trap exercise in Pakke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17261587", "title": "Protection of Bodhi tree a challenging task", "text": "GAYA: With more and more tourist/pilgrims visiting Bodh Gaya in tourist season 2012-13, protecting the Bodhi tree (seat of Buddha's enlightenment) has become a very challenging job for the Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee (BTMC). The tree, according to plant scientists, faces real danger from over enthusiastic Buddha followers who throng the shrine in large numbers.The threat is manifold. While the nutritional channels of the sacred tree are affected due to soil compaction caused by the trampling feet of the visitors, the tendency among the devotees to establish physical contact with the tree and pluck the holy leaves, tie threads and cloth pieces for wish fulfillment etc. are health hazards for the aging tree.A few years back, the sacred tree suffered from serious ailment identified as milibug, a plant disease. Subsequently, the health check-up and treatment of the tree was handed over to the Dehradun-based prestigious Forest Research Institute (FRI). As per the MOU signed between the Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee and the FRI, FRI scientists conduct biennial health check-up of the tree.According to the first report submitted jointly by plant scientist NSK Harsh and plant physiologist Subhash Nautial, the sacred tree's health hazard originated from nine different sources including soil compaction, heat injury, respiratory problems due to insufficient photosynthesis opportunities, lighting lamps and candles and use of metallic props to support the aging tree etc.The suggestion to limit the number of persons entering the shrine premises at a particular point of time has come up for discussion. But successive district magistrates (ex-officio chairman of the Shrine Management Committee) including Jitendra Srivastava and Sanjay Singh found the idea not feasible as it may offend religious sentiments of the tourists/pilgrims visiting Bodh Gaya either for meditation or site seeing.Though the BTMC has taken steps like shifting of the lamp, incense stick burning point away from the tree vicinity to its west and monitoring the activities of the visitors to prevent physical contact between the visitors and the holy tree, the effectiveness of the measures, according to insiders has been less than satisfactory.According to Rai Madan Kishore, a retired government official who has been closely associated with the shrine maintenance, awareness creation exercise is required to educate the visitors about the likely impact of their actions on the holy tree. All available means of mass communication including posters, website messages, public address system etc. must be used in this campaign, he maintains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260150", "title": "2 from Kashmir held with 20kg charas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a major seizure of contraband by the zonal office of Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), two people from Jammu and Kashmir were caught from Kalupur railway station with a stock of 20 kg of charas (hashish) on Friday afternoon. The duo confessed that they were in the city to deliver the contraband to local dealers.NCB officials got a tip-off on the handover of a huge stock of charas at Kalupur railway station on Friday. Working on that,the information, they kept a watch on the platforms and started searching for the people matching the description.At 2.45 pm, as soon as the Sarvoday Express from Jammu to Ahmedabad arrived at the platform and the two people got down, they were nabbed.NCB zonal director Hari Om Gandhi told TOI that search of the belongings fetched four packets of five kg each containing rolled-up charas in small balls. \"The duo was then arrested for ferrying the contraband from the spot. They were identified as Mohammed Ayaz and Balwinder Singh, residents of Ramban and Jammu districts in Jammu and Kashmir respectively,\" said Gandhi.While Ayaz had earlier been caught by the state police, Balwinder is a former army man who entered the drug business for quick money.NCB officials said that the catch is significant for two reasons. \"First, it has been the biggest seizure so far in 2012 for the agency as earlier they had caught nearly 30 kg of contraband, mainly consisting of hashish. Second, the duo has stated that the stock was meant for the state. Earlier, most of the catches made by the agency were related to transit from one state to another,\" said an official. NCB has started interrogation of the duo to know the network of contraband distribution in the state and identify key players in various cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263012", "title": "PCMC water supply likely to improve", "text": "PUNE: Residents of Pimpri Chinchwad can expect improved water supply after the municipal corporation recruited 25 junior engineers recently. Civic officials said the newly recruited officers will help speed up repair and maintenance of the water supply network and ensure efficient use of the services.City engineer M T Kamble said, \"The water supply department was short of engineers so it got 16 junior engineers on deputation from the state government's Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran 12 years back. But the Pradhikaran wanted them back so we relieved them in September.\"The 25 posts filled now were vacant for several years. \"The department was demanding filling up of these posts since last two years,\" he said.The junior engineers are employees of the water supply department who work at the grassroots level to address complaints regarding water supply.Vasant Salvi, executive engineer, water supply department, said, \"The engineers joined us in August. They were provided 15 days training at the state-run Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute. They were also given training for around one and half months at the water treatment plants in Nigdi. They have now been assigned the work in four zones to undertake repair and maintenance work and improve distribution.\"The new recruits were taken on a tour to the Pavana dam, the main drinking water source of Pimpri Chinchwad, the power plant at Pavana dam, the origin point of Pavana river, Andra and Bhama Askhed dams which could become alternative sources of water supply to the city, the main water pipelines in the city and water purification centre of Brihan Mumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) located at Bhandup.Pravin Ladkat, executive engineer, water supply department, said, \"The number of junior engineers in the water supply department has now increased to 41.\"Water Supply in Pimpri ChinchwadPopulation: 17.5 lakhSource of drinking water: Pavana damPoint at Pavana river where raw water is drawn: RavetTreatment plant: NigdiDaily supply: Around 420 Million Litres per Day (MLD)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "17263098", "title": "Agri dept move to develop food products from jackfruit", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: If everything goes as planned, the oft-heard laments about tens of thousands of jackfruit being wasted every season across the state would be history. The state agriculture department has initiated steps to develop branded commercial food products from the fruit available in plenty across the state.Based on a project proposal from the department, the state government has given administrative sanction for setting up a primary processing hub for jackfruit in Pathanamthitta district. The planning wing of the agriculture department on November 2 sanctioned Rs 52,55,000 for carrying out a comprehensive study on varieties of jackfruit, availability, processing possibilities, possible products and their commercial viability.The government order says the primary processing hub will be set up in association with CARD-Krishi Vigyan Kendra, a farm science centre of Indian Council of Agricultural Research. The Krishi Vigyan Kendra will identify jackfruit growers in Pathanamthitta interested in the project and select 50 potential entrepreneurs from among them, who will be trained in jackfruit processing and product development.Before finalizing the training mode and the technology to be adopted for the mass scale processing and value addition, the centre will compare and evaluate the worthiness of the existing technologies for processing. The hub will be later converted into an incubator providing technological assistance and guidance to other entrepreneurs interested in starting jack fruit-based production units.As a first step, the agriculture department has identified dehydrated tender jack, dehydrated raw jack, dehydrated jack seed, dehydrated ripe bulbs and jackfruit preserve as potential products. The government order says the project work should be completed in 20 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17263211", "title": "Thousands throng ghats on first day", "text": "GARHWA: Thousands of devotees thronged the bank of River Danro early on Saturday for a holy dip on the occasion of 'nahay khaay' that marked the beginning of the four-day-long festival.\"We bathe to purify ourselves before preparing food on 'nahay khaay' (which means bathe and eat) that marks the beginning of Chhath,\" said Sunita Devi who was among the devotees. The food is vegetarian and cooked without salt, onion and garlic.'Nahay khaay' will be followed by 'kharna' on Sunday and distributes kheer among neighbours, friends and relatives. A replica of the Sun temple on River Danro, erected by Universal Club, will be this year's special attraction.Markets are flooded with fruits, sugarcane, earthen lamps and soop (an integral puja item to store vermilion, fruits and the season's first crop). People rushed to make last-minute arrangements for the festival.Security has been stepped up in the district and near the chhath ghats for the festival. The district administration has already issued notices to vendors directing them not to set up stalls on thoroughfares.Roads, ponds and ghats have been cleaned and lit up on the occasion.This apart various localities and roads were cleaned up by local volunteers and Chhath committee members for the Chhath. Roads and streets leading to the river or pond are being decorated with colourful lights and festoons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhojpuri superstar ravi kishan has another name to add to his list of awards and that is the recent 'bhojpuri mahanayak award' he received in mauritius. ravi kishan expressed his gratitude to the bhojpuri film fraternity and added that it's a proud moment for everyone. in a chat with the superstar on his journey , cinema and lots more", "code": "17264804", "title": "I contributed to the success of this industry: Ravi", "text": "Bhojpuri superstar Ravi Kishan has another name to add to his list of awards and that is the recent 'Bhojpuri Mahanayak Award' he received in Mauritius. Ravi Kishan expressed his gratitude to the Bhojpuri film fraternity and added that it's a proud moment for everyone. In a chat with the superstar on his journey , cinema and lots more:  How did you manage to get recognition in abroad? Hardwork never fails. When I came into this Bhojpuri film industry it was almost dead. Mohan Ji prasad casted me in his film 'Saiyyan Hamar'. The film became successful and people started making films. During those days I have really worked hard with very low income. Mauritius audience have seen and known me during that phase and thus awarded me with 'Bhojpuri Mahanayak Award' and 'Bhojpuri Bhagirathi Award'. I have contributed a lot to the success of Bhojpuri film industry.So can we expect Bhojpuri film releases there? I had a long conversation with Cultural Minister, Mukheshwar Chunni. In February, they are going to launch Ravi Kishan film festival where ten of my films will be showcased in three days. After this Mauritius will also turn into a big market for Bhojpuri films.How much do you think has Bhojpuri film industry contributed in the growth of Bhojpuri language? Film industry contributes a lot to the growth of its language. And so is the case with Bhojpuri language. Earlier very few Bhojpuri films used to be screened at the theatres in Mumbai but now more than 50 cinema halls screen these movies.If Bhojpuri gets registered as a language in our constitution what would be its effect? It will be a proud moment for us. Government will also take interest in Bhojpuri film then. With a little support from govt our film industry will shine.You're talking about Bhojpuri films getting selected for Oscars. But do you think we're making such films? Due to huge audience demand directors are forced to add masala to films. But even in such scenario if Bhojpuri movie can get selected for Cannes Film Festival, National awards then why not Oscars.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17262911", "title": "Asad meets governor, submits withdrawal letter", "text": "HYDERABAD: MIM president and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi called on governor E S L Narsimhan on Saturday and handed him over a letter that said his party was withdrawing support to the Congress government of N Kiran Kumar Reddy.Owaisi, who was with the governor for about 20 minutes, reportedly said that the MIM had supported the Congress government in 2011 when it was faced with a no-confidence motion. The party had voted against the motion. But in the last one year things have changed as the Congress government had gone back on its promises and committing excesses against theminorities. A partySources said that the letter delivered to the governor was similar in content to the one which was submitted to the President of India some time back on the withdrawal of MIM support to the UPA government at the Centre.Meanwhile, five MIM MLAs along with legislative council member Syed Amin Jafri met DGP V Dinesh Reddy and complained against city police commissioner Anurag Sharma for mishandling the situation on Friday. \"If the police had not overreacted, not put up barricades and allowed some devotees to offer prayers at the Chilla, the situation would not have gone out of hand,\" they said.They demanded the release of the arrested persons and said the police should stop picking up youth from the Old City. The DGP heard the delegation and reportedly assured them that there would be no excesses by the police. In the meantime, a group of TRS members met the DGP and lodged a complaint against the MIM leaders who they said were making provocative speeches. They asked the DGP to take action against the MIM leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17261726", "title": "Serve the poor, young doctors told", "text": "MANGALORE: Nowadays, many medical students lack dedication and they spend little time with patients, said Devi Prasad Shetty, Padma Bhushan awardee and founder of Narayana Hrudalaya on Saturday. He was speaking at the second annual convocation of Nitte University here. \"In fact, it is not always the toppers who succeed in life. It is not the MBA or PhD graduates who excel in career. The person, who put extra efforts, fetches the top position in their respective professions,\" he said. \"First become a doctor to poor people, because rich people can have access to medical services from any place. There are three important things a doctor has to follow - a doctor has to touch the patient first, should look at their eyes and give assurance of providing better treatment,\" he added.Degree certificates distributed As many as 175 students from seven different disciplines, which include Doctor of Medicine, Master of Surgery, Master of Dental Sciences, Master of Pharmacy, Master of Science in Nursing, Master of Physiotherapy and Post Basis BSc in Nursing were given degree certificates. Of the 175 students, 26 were given the certificate of merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17262005", "title": "P R Palanisamy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bail plea dismissed by Melur court", "text": "MADURAI: The judicial magistrate court in Melur has dismissed the bail plea of granite baron P R Palanisamy, who was arrested in connection with the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam in Madurai.After a failed attempt to obtain anticipatory bail, Palanisamy surrendered to the police on October 28, more than a month after cases were registered against him. Since then he was knocking the court doors seeking bail. In all, the police have filed 33 cases against him under various sections including cheating, damage to public property and theft.The bail petition pertaining to 15 cases came up for hearing in the judicial magisterial court in Melur. The counsels of Palanisamy argued that he was aged and was suffering ill-health. Besides, they pointed out that he was cooperating with the inquiry officers and that all documents necessary to proceed with the case were already with the police. However, Judge Jayakumar who heard the petitions dismissed the plea in 13 cases while he ordered the investigating officers to appear in court and respond to the bail plea in two other cases. Palanisamy is lodged in Palayamkottai central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17262027", "title": "Teacher accuses Ahmed of verbal abuse", "text": "KOLKATA: Months after former Trinamool MLA Arabul Islam allegedly hurled a jar at a teacher at Bhangor College, party MP Sultan Ahmed was accused by a teacher of Milli Al Amin College in Beniapukur of verbally abusing her on Saturday.The incident allegedly took place at a meeting of the institution's governing body of which the former Union minister is president. Zarina Khatun, an Urdu teacher in the college, alleged that soon after being abused, she was manhandled and pushed out of the meeting by the college's teacher-in-charge Shabina Nishad though she was attending it as the elected teachers' representative.Khatun alleged that Ahmed was enraged when she insisted on submitting a note of objection to the meeting being convened despite the state higher education council asking the management to postpone it. \"I was initially denied entry. Later, though I was allowed in, they refused to let me sign the list of attendees. Then, Nishad pushed me out. Atrocities by the teacher-in-charge over me and my colleagues Baisakhi Banerjee and Parveen Kaur has been continuing for some time. Both I and Baishakhi are members of the governing body and have faced harassment time and again,\" alleged Zarina, adding, \"I have been teaching in this college since December 2000. Despite several requests, the college is running without a principal. Nishad and some other teachers are responsible for several anomalies.\"Sultan Ahmed, however, denied all allegations. \"There was no such incident of abuse and neither was she pushed by the teacher-in-charge.\" Instead, the MP counter-alleged: \"In the 14 months since my appointment as president of the governing body, I have received several complaints against these three teachers. They do not take classes and instead tamper with the attendance register. We will report the matter to the college disciplinary committee for action. They misbehave with the teacher-in-charge regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17262229", "title": "News of Thackeray's death lands bizman in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: An Andheri businessman was hospitalized as he experienced severe chest pain on hearing news of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death, on television.Virendra Mishra (50), who claims to be a \"devotee\" of Thackeray said he was shattered by the news on Saturday evening. \"It started with uneasiness and then a terrible chest pain followed. I thought I was getting a heart attack,\" Mishra said. His family said Mishra had been keenly following Thackeray's health on television.Dr Ashish Tiwari, chairman of ACS Health Pvt Ltd said Mishra would be kept under observation as his ECG reports also showed abnormality . \"He was deeply affected by the news of Thackeray's death. His blood pressure has also gone up and he is clearly depressed,\" said Tiwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17260980", "title": "Burglars strike at Sector 23 house", "text": "GURGAON: Burglars broke into the house of a retired colonel in Sector 23 and fled with his licensed pistol, cash, jewellery, LCD television and other valuables. An FIR has been lodged by Palam Vihar police.Sanjay Kumar, a retired colonel, a resident of house No. 3404 of Sector 23, has lodged a complaint with police that the incident took place on November 14 when he was in Delhi to celebrate Bhaiya Dooj festival.When they returned on November 16, they found that their house was burgled.A 7.62 bore licensee pistol, 25 live cartridges, LCD, Rs 10, 000 cash, two gold chains, four gold bangles, one gold set, credit and debit cards and other valuables were found missing.\"Dog squad and finger print experts have collected some evidence from the spot and the burglars will be arrested soon,\" said SHO Kuldeep Singh of Palam Vihar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17262915", "title": "Animal lovers lambast 'blind' rituals", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Nagula Chavithi, the worship of snake gods, which is celebrated on the fourth day of Diwali, was marked by women and children making their way to the ant hills located in their respective areas, offering pujas with milk and eggs at the site.The practice, however, has come under fire from animal activists who point out that it is a violation of Wildlife Protection Act. Not only are several snakes caught by snake charmers with an aim to make money, these snakes are also starved and tortured, they said.Snake catcher Rokkam Kiran Kumar said, \"Six snakes including cobras, vipers and non-venomous snakes were rescued today. We tried creating awareness among the people not to use real snakes for worshipping but rather use idols and pictures of snakes and not feed them milk. The snakes were rescued from in and around the district including Simhachalam, Vizag Steel Plant area and Hindustan Shipyard area.\"Snakes are protected species under Wildlife Protection Act of 1972. According to various animal welfare organisations such as Bharatiya Prani Mitra Sangh and Friends of Snakes Society, every year, hundreds of snakes die in the state due to the torture they undergo after being caught by snake charmers on occasions such as Nagulachavithi or Nagapanchami. Snake expert and curator of Nehru Zoological Park A Shankaran said, \"Every year, a month prior to the festivals, snakes are caught and kept confined in small baskets without food, water and sunlight.Before the festival, their fangs are pulled out and venom sacks slit open non-surgically, due to which they suffer from oral complications, septicaemia infections and eventually die. The snake charmer then collects money from people by displaying the half-dead, dehydrated snake, which swallows the milk as it's thirsty. Since its digestive system is not designed to digest milk, it develops serious health problems.\"Another malpractice that goes on during Nagula Chavithi is selling eggs that are offered along with other 'naivedyam' at the snake pits (putta) and snake temples. Few gangs of economically backward people collect the eggs covered with flowers, vermilion, milk, turmeric etc, clean and take them to roadside eateries and small restaurants and sell at a cheap price. The eatery staff then make food items like egg noodles or fried rice using these eggs, which aren't hygienic as chemicals and colours have seeped into the eggs through the fine pores on the shells and have the potential to cause health hazards.When asked what they do with the eggs, a child who was collecting the eggs said, \"We make arrangements with some small, roadside local shops to sell the eggs to them at Re 1 per egg.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263013", "title": "Min temp dips to 9.5 degrees C", "text": "PUNE: The minimum temperature in the city fell to 9.5 degrees celsius on Saturday - the second lowest minimum temperature for November recorded since 2002. The temperature was 5 degrees celsius below the normal mark for the day.On Friday, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) had said that the minimum temperature in the city would be around 11 degrees celsius on Saturday. The IMD has now declared cold wave conditions in some parts of central Maharashtra, between Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre, and Marathwada and Vidarbha regions.Night temperatures at most places in the north-central Maharashtra belt - between Jalgaon/Nashik and Pune - were recorded at 4 to 5 degrees below normal, with Ahmednagar recording the state's lowest minimum temperature at 8.2 degrees celsius.Nashik recorded 8.9 degrees celsius, while Jalgaon recorded 10.2 degrees celsius. Parbhani in Marathwada recorded 9.5 degrees celsius, while Yavatmal and Nagpur, both in Vidarbha, recorded 8.6 degrees celsius and 10.2 degrees celsius respectively.The maximum temperature in the city, too, went down to 28.3 degrees celsius - 1.5 degrees celsius below normal - as recorded at 5.30 pm on Saturday. The maximum temperature was 29.2 degrees celsius on Friday. It is likely to remain around 29 degrees celsius, while the minimum temperature may slide to 9 degrees celsius in the next 24 hours, the IMD has said.IMD deputy director general for weather forecasting Medha Khole said, \"The sudden and noticeable drop is mainly due to the strengthening of the northerly winds flowing into the region. Normally, we declare cold wave conditions when the temperature is 4 to 5 degrees celsius below the normal mark. If it goes down to more than 5 degrees celsius below normal, a severe cold wave is declared,\" she said.Khole said, \"The synoptic conditions, including an increased dryness in the atmosphere and fall in relative humidity, and the local conditions like clear skies have remained the same, but the northerly winds have become stronger to influence cold wave conditions in some parts of the state.\"The IMD's all-India weather summary says that minimum temperature will go down to around 9 degrees celsius in the city. \"We expect the maximum and minimum temperatures to be at their present levels for the next two days,\" Khole said.\"Developments related to the low pressure area over the Bay of Bengal, which has now concentrated into a deep depression, are being monitored closely,\" she added. \"If this system moves in the westerly direction, we expect more cloudiness and humidity in the atmosphere, which will lead to a rise in minimum temperature. However, this won't happen for the next two days,\" Khole said.Pune's all-time lowest minimum temperature for November is 4.6 degrees celsius, recorded on November 27, 1964. Since 2002, the night temperature has fallen below the 10-degrees celsius mark on four occasions - in 2002, 2005, 2007 and 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17260671", "title": "MS Dhoni keeps his options open", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When India lose, MSD's captaincy skills are questioned. But when India enjoy the upper hand, like on Saturday at the Motera, Captain Cool's worth again comes to the fore.Firstly, Dhoni won a crucial toss in Ahmedabad. He read the slow and low wicket well and India didn't bat on for more than two days or aim for 700 runs. He declared well in time to snare three English wickets on the second day.When India didn't get a wicket in the first 13 overs in England's first innings, he changed offie R Ashwin's end, which started the slide. The same tactic did not work in the second innings, though.However, his counterpart Alastair Cook did not show this flexibility and kept bowling Swann from the media end.Dhoni even managed to squeeze in 34 overs in the first session and 94.2 overs on Day 3 (and didn't ask ICC for a refund of his slow over-rate fines!). He kept 4-5 fielders close to the bat for 55-60 overs.He stationed Pujara at first slip and listened patiently to Sachin Tendulkar's frequent advice from various fielding positions.Of course, not giving paceman Umesh Yadav a bowl till the 48th over in the first innings was questionable. But out of 56 overs in the first innings on Saturday, Dhoni kept only 23 for the spinners to bowl in tandem.The rest were bowled by a pace-spin combination which kept the batsmen guessing and the spinners fresh. In the second innings, though, out of 38 overs, 25 featured spin from both ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17259802", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi win toss, then chase leather", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi team was probably deceived by the little tinge of green on the pitch on the first day of the Ranji Trophy Group B match against Baroda at the Ferozeshah Kotla here on Saturday.With as many as five seamers (including Ashish Nehra ) in the team, captain Shikhar Dhawan elected to field and by stumps he was looking a bit concerned with the scoreboard reading 252/3.Dhawan wasn't helped by the fact that Nehra left the ground after bowling a good first spell of six overs. It was later known that the left-arm paceman was troubled by his hamstring.Ironically, Ambati Rayudu , batting on 83 and looking at his imperious best, termed the wicket \"not good for Ranji Trophy cricket\". Leading the team in absence of Yusuf Pathan, Rayudu felt it was a good toss to lose.\"Even I was confused looking at the wicket. It didn't have true bounce, it was two-paced. I feel we shouldn't have been three down on this track. It might offer some help to the spinners on the last two days.This is not ideal for a Ranji game,\" Rayudu said after the day's play. Well, he has a point. Baroda's top order saw off the leading seamers but the two later fell to the medium-pace of Rajat Bhatia .The Delhi team management, however, backed its ploy to field first. \"Seamers are our strength. We had to bowl first with so many seamers in the team. The pitch looked better than the one we played on against Odisha here last week.\"This has a bit more bounce in it. I'll take this score but another wicket would have been really good for us,\" Delhi coach Vijay Dahiya said.It took the home team 18 overs to get the first breakthrough when Sumit Narwal induced a mistimed pull from Saurabh Wakaskar.Delhi thought they were in with a chance when Bhatia got the in-form Aditya Waghmode (54) and Rakesh Solanki (0) to have the visitors at 109/3 just after lunch. That is when No. 3 Abhimanyu Chauhan (82*) and Rayudu took over.Looking solid in their unbeaten 143-run stand in 193 minutes, the pair would look to hurt the hosts. As for Dhawan, he would hope for the four-over-old ball to do the job early on Sunday morning.Ranji Trophy: In a nutshellGroup A:Jaipur: MP 256 (D Bundela 53, Rameez Khan 54, Pankaj Singh 4-63, Rituraj Singh 4-68) vs Rajasthan 7/1; Hyderabad: Saurashtra 251/7 (S Jackson 67, J Shah 47, Ashish Reddy 4-42) vs Hyderabad; Bhubneswar: Railways 193/7 (N Bille 41, MS Gony 2-20, S Kaul 2-62) vs Punjab; Kolkata: Gujarat 230/6 (Smit Patel 67, Parthiv Patel 61, Sourav Sarkar 3-57) vs Bengal;Group B:Meerut: UP 272/9 (Md Kaif 122, Arish Alam 27, HS Sharath 5-60, K Appanna 2-56) vs Karnataka; Delhi: Baroda 252/3 (A Rayudu 83 no, A Chauhan 82 no, R Bhatia 2-20) vs Delhi; Chennai: TN 273/9 (Yo Mahesh 81, R Prassana 56, S Munde 3-38, S Fallah 2-49) vs Maharashtra; Rohtak: Haryana 66 (R Dalal 21, Basant Mohanty 5-24, B Samantaray 3-17) vs Orissa 177/6 (N Behara 44, Samantary 42, M Sharma 4-37);Group C:Agartala: Services 277/3 (Yashpal Singh 110 no, Anshul Gupta 112 no) vs Tripura; Jamshedpur: Jharkhand 222/2 (Ishank Jaggi 56 no, S Tiwary 34 no) vs Goa; Nadaun: Andhra 331/7 (B Sumanth 102, Amol Mazumdar 101, VS Malik 3-58) vs HP; Malappuram: Kerala 211/5 (A Hegde 46, R Fernandez 38 no, A Konwar 3-49) vs Assam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17261838", "title": "AIDS awareness sessions conducted at schools", "text": "KANPUR: The district health department began a special HIV and AIDS awareness campaign with awareness sessions at schools here on Saturday.It is important to mention here that the district health department in a bid to motivate school students to visit the Red Ribbon express has decided to launch HIV-AIDS awareness campaigns at school level.The health department officials also urged the district inspector of school (DIOS) and Basic Education Department officials to ensure the participation of students from as many as 200 private and public schools.As part of the same campaign, a team of health department visited some private schools in the city on Saturday.The doctors guided the students about the causes and symptoms of AIDS. The students were also asked to write slogans on AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262628", "title": "11 accused get 14-day judicial remand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court on Saturday remanded 11 of the 15 accused in the PGIMER MD/MS entrance exam question paper leak case in 14-day judicial custody. Four main accused - P Gurivi Reddy, P Bharat Chand, P Jagdeesh and P Sidhartha - were sent to CBI remand.However, the 11 accused, who have been sent to judicial remand, would be produced before the court on Monday to give their handwriting samples. The investigating agency has also identified 10 beneficiaries - all MBBS practising doctors - and summoned them for joining the investigation on November 19.CBI sources said, \"Six of the beneficiaries have paid lakhs of rupees to mastermind P Gurivi Reddy and Gangadhar Reddy and some of these cheques have been recovered from the houses of Gurivi and Gangadhar in Kadapa district of Andhra Pradesh on Saturday.\" While demanding further remand, the CBI special counsel PK Dogra said, \"We need to take Reddy to Hyderabad and four days will be required for travelling. We have extracted many details from him and we need to take him to the actual places from where he had purchased the gadgets.\"A CBI official, who was accompanying the accused to the judge's house, told reporters, \"From the scrutiny of records, it seems that there are around 10 beneficiaries and we have summoned them for questioning.\"Accused to take baby to jailOne of the accused, Manjula, who was sent to judicial custody on Saturday, made a special request to take her six-month-old baby to Burail jail. At present, Manjula's mother, who had come from Hyderabad, is taking care of the baby.Mobile shop owner releasedAfter rigorous questioning, CBI released Naval Kumar, who runs a mobile SIM card shop in Behlana, on Saturday morning. He was detained on Friday night. The accused had bought 48 SIM cards of two different telecom companies from the shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267293", "title": "Talking point", "text": "There's nothing quite like advertising to propel the brand value of a product. But that costs money. Loads of it. Also, amidst all the cacophony of advertising, attention spans are waning. So how does one make a dent with the consumer? Simple. By relying on word of mouth. With quirky humour and loads of 'cool' quotient, this technique is proving quite a hit.A recent report by McKinsey \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'A New Way to Measure Word of Mouth Marketing' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d says the same thing. That \"consumers, overwhelmed by choice, are tuning out the ever-growing barrage of traditional marketing.\" Word of mouth can sometimes sell more than traditional advertising and marketing. For example, when the iPhone was launched in Germany, the report says \"sales directly attributable to word of mouth outstripped those attributable to Apple's paid marketing\". Six times over.According to Professor M M Monipally, who teaches communication at IIM-Ahmedabad, it is because all advertising is so exaggerated that it becomes unbelievable. \"A company gets 10 seconds to pass on its message so it's forced to do it. But every time an advertiser says you dip your shirt in a bucket of my detergent and it'll come out better than new, my wife's reaction is, 'That's so stupid'.\"Therefore, says the McKinsey report, what consumers are instead listening to is word of mouth \u00e2\u20ac\u201d what they're told by friends and family. And that it \"cuts through the noise quickly and effectively\".Could a company then establish itself and grow, using only this medium while eschewing traditional advertising and marketing? Ironically, two graduates of the Mudra Institute of Communication, Ahmedabad, who went on to work with an advertising firm in Delhi say 'yes'. Rahul Anand and Rajat Tuli are co-owners of Happily Unmarried which sells quirky items from 60 stores around the country and also sells to the UK, France, Australia and the UAE. In the early 2000s, like anybody else who'd wearied of the employer-employee relationship, Anand and Tuli decided to set up this store. The decision to not advertise was made simply because they did not have the money for it. \"We decided,\" says Anand, \"that we would turn our packaging into our advertising. In every brown box that left our store, we put writing or pictures.\"The writing was quirky in the company's signature style. They have a foot mat which says 'Beware of The Wife'. While some people may think this rude, it \"connected\" with buyers. Sometimes better than the products themselves. Anand says people often kept the packaging even after the product was discarded.It also helped, he adds, that the products were small. \"People tend to talk about the small things they discover,\" says Anand. What he means is nobody is ever going to talk about a Nike store they might have discovered. \"And because of that,\" he says, \"word of mouth helps level the playing field between the big boys and the small fry.\"Another ex-advertising executive who has so far not used big advertising is Ranjiv Ramchandani, who cut away in 1997 from his job in Mumbai to start Tantra T-shirts. He says he that if he could afford it, he would advertise, but that at the moment, \"it would drive him bankrupt\". Ramchandani too puts humour-filled writing with an India-connect on his T-shirts, his packaging and his wash care labels. A cheaper range of his T-shirts is called Loose Motions. \"We're desi cool,\" he says.This quirkiness and humour, says Monippally, are the qualities that get these companies talked about, helping them in the absence of advertising. And these rules do not change as companies get bigger and begin to advertise. They will still require a certain set of qualities in order to get noticed. And it is because of those qualities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a certain coolness, trust \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that Harley Davidson has clubs built around its motorcycles and Apple has fan boys with their slavish devotion to every new iProduct.That \"certain something\" is not easily defined. Gopal Kaushik's pub in Manali, The Lazy Dog, for example, gets talked about because he did what the rest of us can only aspire to. Riding through the mountain town on a bike trip, he decided to chuck up his big city life in Mumbai, stay back and start what is now fondly referred to as The Dog.The alleged power of word of mouth, however, has not yet cut into the amount of money spent on advertising in India. Over the last five years, according to a Pitch-Madison report, ad spend on average has increased by 10.3% over the last four years, while in 2011 alone, it was Rs 25,594 crore.But the influenece of word of mouth will probably grow, says the McKinsey report, because of internet and social media. That because of them, \"word of mouth is no longer an act of intimate, one-on-one communication. Today, it also operates on a one-to-many basis\".\"It's free,\" says Ramchandani, \"which means a consumer will talk about your product or service only if he likes it.\" Therefore, it is much more effective, he says. But he also warns that what is said about you will finally depend on the quality of your product. If you begin to cut corners, or don't deliver on the promises you made, word of mouth will only start to work against you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17261697", "title": "One killed in Jammu wine shop attack", "text": "JAMMU: One person was killed and five injured as a grenade, hurled towards a wine shop in Jammu's Narwal Bala area, missed its target and exploded in the air, sources said.A police officer said the Chinese grenade was hurled around 07.10pm and identified the deceased as Kuldeep Kumar. Four of the injured, Rakesh, Pardeep, Amar Nath and Madan Lal, were admitted to a Jammu hospital. The identity of the fifth was unknown. No group had claimed responsibility for the attack till this report was file. \"It looks like a grenade was hurled. But the police and other security agencies are investigating the matter and forensic reports are awaited,'' said Jammu IGP Dilbagh Singh.The attack comes two days after a person was killed and four injured as militants fired at a wine shop on the banks of the Dal Lake in Srinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17260960", "title": "Burglar stuck in window grille", "text": "BHOPAL: A burglar who had cut open the grilles of a window to gain access to a locked house in Vidya Nagar area on Friday night got himself entangled on the grille as he tried to make his way in. Helpless, and unable to free himself, the burglar raised an alarm and shouted for help.Subsequently, the local residents got up and informed the police, who in turn reached the spot and set him free. The police had to cut a portion of the grille to get him out, the officials said.The accused also sustained injuries in the incident.The police said the accused Kailash, around 18 years of age, is a native of Chhattisgarh. He resides with his brother-in-law in Mirsord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17262667", "title": "Lashkar front JuD into mobile gaming?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Having established its presence on Twitter and Facebook, the Lashkar-e-Taiba's charity front Jamaat-ud-Dawah has sought help from computer programmers to develop develop games and mobile phone apps that it intends to launch next year.The first hint about the JuD's plans came in the form of tweets from JuD_Official, the group's Twitter account.JuD_Official said that the games would highlight the group's \"charitable\" work. Abdul Rehman from JuD's information technology and social media department said that the group plans to make \"educational, informative and philanthropic kind of games that will infuse positive thoughts such as helping others in need, emergency situations, Islamic ethics and learning of the Holy Quran and Sunnah\".He said the move was apparently inspired by the teachings of the Prophet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17262105", "title": "River\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s holy dip area to double for next Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: In view of the stampede during the last Kumbha mela in the city, the police commissionerate has asked the civic administration to extend the ritual bathing area at the Godavari banks downstream to the Kannamvar bridge for the next Kumbh, to prevent overcrowding near Ramkund.Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal on Monday said that his department had suggested the civic administration to extend the bathing area, and the suggestion has been accepted by the municipal corporation. The bathing area will almost double from the existing 60,000 sq m to about 1.2 lakh sq m.The increase in area, will help in easing the concentration of pilgrims that arrive in the city to take the ritual holy dip in the Godavari. It will ensure that they are spread instead of being contained within a specific area at Ramkund.The last Kumbhmela had witnessed a major stampede in Nashik which claimed around 40 lives, due to overcrowding.While there are different versions of the reasons for the stampede, one version is also that pilgrims were kept stranded for hours together, until sadhus and mahants had their holy dip in the river waters, following which, there was a rush by pilgrims for the bath which led to the stampede.Sarangal said that while the holy men who have the honour of taking their holy dip first, have their bath in Ramkund, the possibility of allowing pilgrims to take their holy dip downstream may be explored.The police have suggested a slew of measures for better policing and traffic management for the 2015 Kumbha. While earlier they had proposed development of infrastructure worth Rs 102 crore for the mega religious event in the city, they have had to curtail this budget down to half.The police have also included two police stations - one at the river banks and the other in the Sadhu Gram area, where sadhus are accomodated during the event. Funds have also been sought for new vehicles and modern security equipment.The rush for the Kumbha Mela is likely to increase manifold, considering that in the 2003-04 Kumbh nearly 50 lakh pilgrims had converged at the river banks for the holy dip in the river waters.Sarangal said that even though policing and crowd management will be their priority on the auspicious occasion, the civic administration will have to take concrete and urgent steps to solve the issue of vehicle parking in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17265734", "title": "Want to do something different: Tina Dutta", "text": "Tina Dutta aka 'Ichcha' of 'Uttaran' fame has made a name for herself. Tina has been a part of Film Farm Productions' show for the past four years which recently went on to complete 1000 episodes.Tina is one of the few cast members who has been a part of Uttaran since its inception feels grateful. \"I can proudly say that Uttaran has changed Tina Dutta. I have seen Uttaran through all the phases, watched it very closely as I spend my life on sets. The show has become family\" says Tina.However, although monotony has not set in, the actress is upto new challenges. \"I do feel like doing something different now. But I cannot as I'm contract bound. But the good thing is that there is no boredom with Uttaran as characters keep changing and so does the graph and flow\".And Tina credits all this to producer Rupali Guha. \"She's not a typical producer. She's very sweet and trendy and is like a mother to me. Rupali does really pamper me\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17262034", "title": "Shocker for students: Holidays to be cut", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The new holiday schedule is likely to come as an unpleasant surprise for students in colleges and Panjab University. There will be no preparatory leaves for in-house exams in September and December, assessment for which is added to annual exams conducted by Panjab University in April-May.As per the decision taken by a committee constituted by the university under the chairpersonship of the Dean, University Instructions (DUI), the autumn break and other holiday schedule of PU departments will be revised from 2013.The issue surfaced when the director, higher education office (DHE), UT pointed out that the minimum teaching days criteria in colleges was not being followed. The DHE said UGC norms make 180 working days mandatory, but said this norm was being flouted in UT colleges.\"The committee observed that students do not require too many holidays to prepare for in-house exams in colleges and continuous assessment exams in PU departments. Teaching must continue irrespective of exams,\" PU registrar and committee member A K Bhandari said.Even though PU follows the semester system for post-graduate courses, the holiday schedule continues to remain on the lines of the annual system. \"The holiday schedule and semester system will be synchronized from next year. This may also require cutting down on the autumn break or other holidays to ensure that norms are met,\" R K Kohli, PU DUI, who was heading the committee, said.Although the committee has decided to discontinue preparatory leave for in-house exams, college principals will be called for further discussion on the matter. \"Whether evaluation in colleges is done on the basis of presentations or written tests, it will be done during teaching days. Colleges are free to conduct more than one exam in a single day as well. The September exams may be made of one hour duration, a discussion was held in the matter,\" Bhandari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17260846", "title": "3 killed in road mishap", "text": "Three persons were killed and four others, including two women, were seriously injured after the vehicle they were travelling in lost control and overturned near Bodopatu village under Pottangi police limits in Koraput on Saturday. The villagers were going to attend the weekly haat (market). \"There were over 25 passengers... The drive is absconding but investigation is on,\" police said. The injured are being treated at the district headquarters hospital.Farmers' body stages stir: The All India Kisan Mazdoor Sabha (AIKMS) on Saturday staged demonstration in front of the office of revenue divisional commissioner (south) in Berhampur demanding compensation for farmers, affected by cyclone Nilam, in Ganjam district. \"We demanded government compensation for farmers as well as tenant farmers,\" said AIKMS leader Bhala Chandra Sadangi.CBI raids former I-T tribunal member's house:A Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team raided the residence of a former member of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal in Sambalpur on Saturday. Nandalal Dash, former judicial member of the I-T tribunal, allegedly possessed illegal property, which includes investment to the tune of Rs 2 crore in different companies. The CBI team also seized documents from Dash's house. \"We registered a case against him,\" said M S Khan, CBI SP (Bhubaneswar). He added that \"action will be initiated against Dash after finalizing his entire property list\".Rs 5lakh worth timber seized: Forest officials, working on a tip off, on Saturday seized sal and teak logs worth Rs 5 lakh from a timber fabrication unit in Sambalpur and booked owner Nirmal Sharma. \"We have registered a case against the owner,\" the forester of Sambalpur sadar range Pritviraj Behera said.CPI's week-long padyatra: The Communist party of India (CPI) has embarked on a week-long padyatra in Bhubaneswar to protest against price rise and foreign investment in retail. The party is also ready with a list of demands, also part of the padayatra's agenda. These include jobs for 90 per cent of the youth, streamlining of the food security system and rollback of cap on LPG cylinder, among others.Programme on tribal education: A national-level consultation programme, on early education of tribal children in local languages, was organized in Bhubaneswar recently. Speaking on the occasion, K Krishnan, convenor of the National Advocacy Council for Development of Indigenous People, said tribal children need more attention as they could also be part of the country's progress. He also talked about PREM, an NGO in Odisha, which is running 500 centres in tribal regions.Play school picks 'Save the Child' theme: Bachpan, a play school, and Academic Heights Public School, the high school, in Keonjhar conducted a food and crafts exhibition recently. The theme of the event is 'Save the Girl Child'. Modern paintings and handicrafts were on display. Students also worked on issues like air pollution and food shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17263983", "title": "Never been a conformist: DJ Candice", "text": "DJ Candice, who was in Vadodara recently for a performance, feels that music has helped in filling the void in her life. Says this South African hottie, \"I eat, breathe and sleep music and tell everyone to explore the musician in him/her. It helps in finding a lot of answers to life's queries!\"Candice, who has also been an international model, has been in India for the last five years. Talking about the journey , she shares, \"It was a modelling assignment that brought me to India some years back. I started modelling when I was just 13 and have done a lot of assignments in different countries in Europe and also in China. But I quit modelling while still on top because I didn't want to give my detractors an opportunity to say that I didn't have it in me anymore!\"So how did she become a DJ? She laughs, \"I have never been a conformist and love following my instincts. I do what I feel is right for the moment and have many interests. I love dancing and have also participated in reality shows in South Africa. I have grown up being surrounded by musicians. In fact, all my ex-boyfriends have either been DJs or music producers! So, it was natural for me to get attracted towards the profession. And I have loved performing in India. Initially, the audiences weren't very receptive to what I played but things are better now and I feel blessed to have received so much of love from Indian audiences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17260322", "title": "Sena man attacked outside Matoshree", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena functionary Prakash Malvade, who was managing the crowd outside Matoshree since Wednesday,was assaulted on Friday night. Malvade, who was managing the crowd outside Matoshree during the week, was having a drink with a friend at MIG Club after leaving from Matoshreewhen three men entered and attacked him with bottles. He is receiving treatment at a hospital and his condition is said to be stable. \"The attackers has the Sena's support and Malvade was targeted out of jealousy\" said a relative.The Kherwadi police registered an robbery and assault case against the assailants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17260647", "title": "Booze baron falls, empire staggers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Wave Group, earlier known as the Chadha Group, will face an uphill task continuing on its high growth tragectory following the murder of Gurdeep Singh Chadha, better known as Ponty Chadha. He was the main force behind the group.Ponty's father, Kulwant Singh Chadha, had made a small beginning selling snacks in Moradabad 60 years ago. But, their business grew at a blistering pace when Ponty, under his father's guidance, decided to venture into liquor retailing and distribution in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab. This proved to be the turning point.Ponty's two younger brothers -- Rajinder and Gurdeep -- participated in the family business. But, as they motored along the growth path and the group grew exponentially, Hardeep sulked and decided to go his own way. But, Rajinder stayed with the family (read Ponty) and is MD of Wave Inc. Ponty was group chairman and chief helmsman of the company.After patriarch Kulwant Singh's death last year, there was a division of rewards and responsibilities among the brothers. But, Hardeep wasn't happy with what he got. He desperately wanted a fresh look at the division of the empire. It was apparently for this renegotiation that he had come to Ponty's Chhattarpur farmhouse and was temporarily living there to hasten things. The negotiation seems to have turned ugly and led to the killings.Business watchers in NCR say the secret of Ponty's success was to make diverse friends in political circles. When his rise began, he was close to Mulayam Singh Yadav. After Mayawati won the elections in UP, Chadha shook hands with her also. Over the last decade, the group has diversified majorly into the real estate space and has acquired huge land banks in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab.As organised retail boomed, the group developed malls and shopping arcade in Delhi, UP and Punjab. The group has already developed half a dozen such malls and plans to develop a number of large shopping complexes in Noida, Mohali in Punjab and Jammu.The group also has interests in film production and distribution. As the group owns around two-dozen screens in NCR, film distribution is the normal way forward. A senior official of the company said film production is only backward integration for the group.The group, it is learnt has also diversified into processed foods, which it supplies to mid-day meal schemes being run by UP government. The group has secured contracts to supply food to a number of states.Difficult to get out of liquorThe Ponty Chadha group's new businesses like real estate and film production and distribution are managed by the slain company head's son Manpreet (Monty). Liquor, power and paper were under Ponty and Rajinder. The Ponty Chadha group's real estate business is doing well, but liquor remains the moneyspinner. So, even for Monty, who wants a cleaner image for the group, it will be difficult to do away with the liquor businesses. Therefore, a senior official of the company said that a further division of the group is not possible in near future. But certainly, liquor and its associated business will be controlled by Monty's uncle Rajinder Singh Chadha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17267444", "title": "Kate Moss' Lucien Freud's tattoo worth millions", "text": "Kate Moss has revealed that the inking of two birds on her lower back was done by the late world-renowned artist Lucien Freud and is probably worth a fortune.\"He told me about when he was in the navy, when he was 19 or something, and he used to do all of the tattoos for the sailors. And I said, 'Oh my God, that's amazing.' And he went, 'I can do you one. What would you like? Would you like creatures of the animal kingdom?'\" Contactmusic quote her as telling Vanity Fair magazine.\"I said I liked birds and he replied, 'I've done birds. I've got it in my book. And he pointed down at a painting of a chicken upside down in a bucket. And I said, 'No, I'm not having that.'\"\"And then he said, 'Maybe I should just do you.' And I thought, I'm not going to have a girl on my a***. So we decided to do a flock of birds,\" she said.She later added that since it was an original Freud a collector could pay a few millions for that.\"If it all goes horribly wrong I could get a skin graft and sell it! It's probably the only one on skin that's still around, because when he was in the navy he was about 19. Can you imagine?\"\" she said.The 38-year-old model became close to Freud when he painted her in the nude, while she was pregnant with her daughter Lila Grace in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261903", "title": "Film fest ends in Tollywood style", "text": "KOLKATA: It wasn't even half as glitzy or star-studded as the opening night. Actually, if compared, it was quieter than the last year's programme. But the closing ceremony of the Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) was a smartly presented one \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sans the Bollywood glamour \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where '11 Flowers', a Chinese film, bagged the Netpac award for the Best Asian film.The curtains came down on 18th KIFF at Nandan on Saturday through a lively dance composition by Sukalyan Entourage. An encapsulation of Bengal's glories set to Rabindranath Tagore's Banglar Mati Banglar Jal, the dance essentially repeated what Shah Rukh Khan had said in the promotional short. However, the central point of the proceedings was a trademark speech by chief minister Mamata Banerjee, describing the festival as \"the best in the country.\"\"We must start thinking how to make it even better the next time and surpass the standard that we have set,\" the chief minister said. \"You have a vision and I have a mission. Let us join hands and improve it further.\"Dubbing the festival as \"historic\", Mamata thanked the cultural world focoming together to make the film festival a successful one. \"It has been a historic, memorable and a superb event,\" she gushed, congratulating everyone who \"has contributed in their own way through hard work, camaraderie and adda.\" It was \"a wonderful experience,\" she added.Lauding the city film industry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d represented by a string of actors from Jeet, Soham and Koel to Subhasree, Locket and Chaiti \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the CM iterated that it had the potential to edge ahead of Bollywood and join the league of Hollywood productions. \"Bollywood has always been at the forefront of Indian movies. But Of late, Tollywood too has been doing very well. It would be nice if we can build a bridge between Hollywood, Bollywood and Tollywood. I had mentioned this to Hillary Clinton when she visited Kolkata earlier this year. She was amused at the idea,\" she reminisced.Announcing plans to set up three film cities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one each at Siliguri, Konnagar and near Chinsurah \u00e2\u20ac\u201d besides more studios, Mamata urged the industrialists to invest in Bengal's entertainment business. \"It is a big industry that is not only about culture alone. It also employs and brings together people from different parts of the country,\" she said. Bengal, she earnestly believes, \"has the potential to replace Bollywood as the face of Indian movies.\"Eminent film personalities present at the closing ceremony included Goutam Ghose, Ranjit Mallik and Dwijen Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17263052", "title": "Society has lost a father figure, says RSS chief", "text": "PUNE: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat said here on Saturday that the demise of Shiv Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray has created a void not just for the Shiv Sena, but for the social and political life of Maharashtra and the country as well. \"The society has lost a father figure in Balasaheb,\" he said.Bhagwat spoke to reporters at the Pune railway station soon after arriving in the city by air from New Delhi late on Saturday evening. He was en route to Belgaum.He recalled his first meeting with Balasaheb in Nagpur when he was an RSS 'pracharak'. \"It was a brief exchange of wishes. I got to meet him properly in Mumbai soon after I became 'sarsanghachalak' of the RSS,\" said Bhagwat.\"It was Balasaheb's outspokenness and clear thoughts that impressed me most. We never felt like we were talking to a political leader. We felt like we were talking to a father figure,\" said Bhagwat.\"We have lost an eminent leader who was committed to Hindutva and was known for his forthright views, commitment, heroic leadership and many other great qualities. Balasaheb had a sway over the minds of countless people and was a personal pillar of strength to many more,\" the RSS chief said.He said, \"The absence of an experienced and mature leader like Balasaheb at this crucial juncture would be felt by all. We are all helpless before the divine will. Balasaheb has left behind an example of unwavering commitment to truth, transparent and courageous practice, in letter and spirit, for all of us to emulate. That alone would be the real homage to him.\"\"On behalf of the RSS, I pay my sincere obeisance to his sacred memory and pray to the almighty that all the righteous people be endowed with the strength and willpower to tread the path of his profound Hindutva philosophy,\" said Bhagwat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17265272", "title": "IOC criticises BCCI for attacking press freedom", "text": "NEW DELHI: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has come down heavily on Indian cricket authorities for preventing a section of the international news media from covering the ongoing Test series between India and England.International news organisations suspended text and photo coverage of England's cricket tour of India because of new restrictions introduced by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI).The IOC Press Commission Chairman, Kevan Gosper called on the International Cricket Council to intervene and allow news organisations free access to the cricket matches.\"The IOC strongly disagrees with these moves by the BCCI, which we believe are a direct attack on the freedom of the media to report from sporting events, and shows contempt for the sporting public around the world who would otherwise like to follow these important matches,\" Gosper said in a statement.\"We would hope that the ICC intervene and that sports administrators refrain from interfering with and placing restrictions on the vitally important role of media to freely report from sporting events,\" he added.The BCCI has barred photo-only agencies from covering games and made a small number of its own photographs available to media.Other international news organisations have also suspended coverage. The British press has refused to publish photographs of the match between India and England that started in Ahmedabad on Thursday.\"Photographers are news gatherers, and must be granted appropriate access to do their job,\" said Gosper.Editors of Britain's national newspapers have also joined the chorus to protests against the BCCI because the photo agencies are regular suppliers of specialised press sports photography.A number of newspaper trade associations and editors around the world have taken up the issue. The World Association of Newspapers and News Publishers (WAN-IFRA) and the World Editors Forum have also criticised BCCI's policy.\"It is simply unacceptable for the Board of Cricket Control for India to take it upon themselves to refuse accreditation to legitimate news agencies, and to tear down the traditional role that independent news media plays in bringing sport news to the public,\" said Jacob Mathew, President of WAN-IFRA and Executive Editor and Publisher of the Malayala Manorama Group of Publications in Kerala, India.\"Photos are an integral part of news coverage,\" he added. The BCCI has locked out Getty Images, Action Images and two Indian photo agencies. The decision to refuse accreditation led to a decision by Thomson Reuters, Agence France-Presse and Associated Press to suspend reports about the tour as well as pictures.The Press Association, national agency in the United Kingdom, is also not supplying photographs.Bob Satchwell, Executive Director of the Society of Editors, said, \"Editors will be angered by this decision of the BCCI and confused by the motives. They just want to do the best job they can for their cricket-loving readers by choosing from the best news material.\"By damaging the ability of the press to cover cricket, the good name of the game also risks damage.\"The News Media Coalition (NMC), an international organisation which defends the ability of the press to inform the public with independent news material, has urged the BCCI to withdraw its policy.Andrew Moger, Executive Director of the NMC, based in London, said, \"The IOC's common sense position towards the media and criticism of the BCCI is a welcome intervention in the debate. It's the BCCI which is the odd one out here.\"Usually sports and their sponsors lap up the massive exposure generated by coverage including objective press photography.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17261765", "title": "Drive to make police children-friendly", "text": "MANGALORE: As part of 'Childline Se Dosti Week' celebrations, Childline Mangalore on Saturday launched Suraksha Bandhan, a novel initiative of tying bands on wrists of police. Volunteers of Childline and NGOs will visit police stations in the city to ensure a friendly relationship between childline and police by tying suraksha bhandan. The team launched the drive at the police commissionerate by tying the band on assistant commissioner of police Subash Chandra, who is in-charge of the Special Juvenile Protection Unit (SJPU). Padi-Valored director Renni D'Souza told TOI that the team will visit police stations and hold discussions with child welfare officers and constables on making the functioning of childline successful. \"We have suggested that SJPU and childline should hold district-level meetings every month. Majority of the difficulties in rescuing children will be solved if childline and police work jointly. We made recommendations to hold training programmes to sensitize policemen on how to handle juvenile cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17261734", "title": "Former Phoolpur MP joins Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former member of Parliament from Phoolpur parliamentary constituency in Allahabad Dharmraj Patel on Saturday joined Samajwadi Party. \"Patel, who was MP between 1999 and 2004 from Phoolpur, joined the party expressing faith in the policies of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav ,\" party spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said.Earlier, Congress had given Patel ticket from Phoolpur in 2009 after he was refused to be fielded from there by the SP. Patel was also an office bearer of the SP, the spokesman said. Meanwhile, SP national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav has revoked expulsion of former MLA from Mainpuri Manik Chandra Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17261235", "title": "FIR against 4 Karnataka ex-CMs in NICE case", "text": "BANGALORE: Lokayukta police registered a First Information Report (FIR) against three former chief ministers and 276 others in connection with the land grant to Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (NICE) for the construction of a 100-km expressway between Bangalore and Mysore.On October 25, the Lokayukta court ordered a Lokayukta investigation into the land grant following a complaint by city-based activist TJ Abraham . Lokayukta judge NK Sudhindra Rao ordered police to conduct an investigation against HD Deve Gowda, BS Yeddyurappa and SM Krishna, former ministers RV Deshpande, DK Shiva Kumar as well as Ashok Kheny, the NICE promoter . Lokayukta police also had to probe the bank agreement between NICE and ICICI Bank.\"We've formed a team of officers to investigate and if needed, we'll also seek experts' help,\" said Lokayukta additional director general of police HN Satyanarayana Rao.Of 102 persons arraigned in the complaint, over 30 have been named in the order.In his complaint filed on July 18 in the Lokayukta court, Abraham alleged irregularities in the Bangalore-Mysore expressway project. He also alleged that in 1995, when Deve Gowda was the CM, an MoU was signed by the state government and a consortium headed by Ashok Kheny for the construction of a road between Bangalore and Mysore. As per a framework agreement, the consortium was ready to invest Rs 522 crore for the Rs 1,500-crore project while the remaining was to be raised through loans.Abraham claimed the consortium was unable to pay the initial deposit of Rs 10 crore to the Karnataka Industrial Area Development Board (KIADB ) for land acquisition. He submitted that 1,931 acres were allotted on lease for Rs 10 per acre.The land was mortgaged with ICICI Bank for a loan of Rs 150 crore, of which Rs 10 crore was paid to KIADB in 2003. The acquisition of land notified had gone up to over 4,500 acres in Bangalore alone. Of 4,500 acres, 1,931 acres was government land and rest owned by farmers. KIADB, which got private land for the project, transferred it to NICE through sale deeds, Abraham alleged. \"For land belonging to farmers which were notified in 1997, KIADB paid a compensation of Rs 6 lakh per acre as per market rate in 1997, whereas NICE was now selling it at Rs 3.5 crore per acre,\" he said.BDA official in remand till Nov 24The Lokayukta court on Saturday remanded the special land acquisition officer (SLAO) of the Bangalore Development Authority and his agent, who were caught accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh, on Friday. The arrest was done following a complaint by Nagaraj, owner of a piece of land in Thanisandra. The SLAO Mahesh R Hiremath and his agent NR Ramesh were caught accepting the amount near a coffee shop in Malleswaram.Sources said Hiremath was earlier alleged to have been involved in several irregularities pertaining to land acquisition while he was working in KIADB. After this, he was transferred to BDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "17262013", "title": "Court summons Vijayakanth for defamation", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: The principal district judge of Pudukkottai district court on Saturday issued summons to DMDK party chief Vijayakanth to appear before the court on December 19 in connection with a defamation case filed by the state government.A petition was filed by A Ravichandran, public prosecutor, on Friday against the DMDK chief for making a derogatory speech against chief minister J Jayalalithaa on August 9, 2012, at a public meeting in Thilagar Thidal in Pudukkottai.The petition came up for hearing on Saturday before Judge Pazhanisamy, who ordered issue of summons to the DMDK leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17261981", "title": "Inquiry pending, KMC pays trident light contractors", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) seems unperturbed by the trident light controversy that has been troubling it for the past few months. Though the outcome of a departmental inquiry and the report of an internal audit, regarding the issue, are pending, the civic body has been making payments to contractors who were given work orders for installing trident lights.Based on an order issued by municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed, the KMC finance department has been releasing payments. Before Ahmed signed the payment order, mayor Sovan Chatterjee had, in writing, asked the civic administration to make the payment which was kept on hold because of several anomalies.A senior KMC official said that the civic body had already disbursed payment worth Rs 5 crore in the past three weeks. Prior to the controversy over the installation of these decorative lights, the KMC finance department had made a payment of Rs 4.5 crore to the contractors.It was in July this year that anomalies regarding the installation of trident lights first came to light. The KMC lighting department, it was found, had created as many as 540 files in May this year and engaged 240 contractors for putting up the decorative lights all over the city, reportedly to bypass tender rules. While issuing work order to contractors, worth Rs 30 crore, no tender rule was adhered to.The controversy did not end there. The civic body came under attack again, for a different reason. The cost of each unit of trident light was found to be higher than the rate quoted by the KMC workshop at Entally.These irregularities compelled municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed to refrain from signing the payment order after he assumed charge in July. Instead, Ahmed ordered a department inquiry and asked the internal auditor of KMC to initiate an audit of the entire project. The mayor's instruction to release payment comes as a time when the department inquiry and audit reports are far from over. The move has drawn criticism from several quarters.Rupa Bagchi, leader of the opposition in KMC, demanded that payment be stopped till the investigation is over. The mayor did not even pay heed to the demand of an inquiry by an independent government agency, Bagchi alleged.\"When a departmental inquiry is on, how can the mayor issue an order asking the KMC finance department to release payment for the contractors engaged in the beautification project?\" Bagchi asked.Chatterjee, however, found nothing wrong in it. \"I can't hold back payment of contractors who have finished their work and have been waiting for payment for a long time. I feel there are no major controversies that can stop their payment. Only minor lapses can be detected in the tender process which are allowed, going by the KMC Act,\" he said.Sovan Chatterjee had, in writing, asked the civic administration to make payment to contractors for installing trident lights. Payment worth Rs 5 crore has been disbursed in the past three weeks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264477", "title": "I have a family to support: Karishma", "text": "Actor Karishma Kotak justifies her decision to go back into the Bigg Boss house post the demise of her father a week agoYou are making an entry into the house a week after your father's demise. Don't you think the decision has come too early after suffering a personal loss? My father is my hero, he would have wanted me to go back in there and continue with my work. Look, if I had a regular 9 to 5 job I would have been back to my cubicle after a week . This is the same for me. Plus, I have a mother and brother to support, so I needed to go back in there.Do you think you can withstand the environment in the house given your state of mind? Honestly, no. The environment in the house is definitely not good for anyone with a fragile state of mind. I don't mean to say that my state of mind is fragile right now. If anything, I think I'm a lot stronger now. I haven't had much time to sit around and think about what I will do next. To me, going back into the house seemed like a logical thing to do, because I need to honour my professional commitment. I don't know how I'm going to react to certain situations, but I will be strong.Are you prepared for jibes like 'she'll get sympathy votes now' once you're back in there? Over the past few weeks, the real character of a few housemates has emerged. I know I'll be the target of such jibes behind my back. But fact remains that I'll be myself and will not indulge in any false sympathy handed to me in the house. The audience can judge for themselves and see what's happening. My family and friends know what I've been through, so I really don't care what people say.What do you plan on doing once out of the house? To be honest, I need to do some more work. It's been a while since I did a Telugu film. I've been trying to get back into the Telugu film industry, but nothing interesting is coming my way. I do come to Hyderabad often to shoot for TV commercials and print ads, but on the filmi front, nothing much is happening. I stay in touch with a few old friends, but I need to get some work in movies. Hopefully my stint here will open a few doors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17261438", "title": "Man kills wife after tiff over other woman", "text": "PATNA: A 22-year-old married woman was murdered in her Afroz Apartment flat in Choudhary Tola (Samanpura) under the Shastrinagar police station area in the city on Saturday morning.Shastrinagar police station SHO Vidya Sagar said deceased Rizwana Khatoon was second wife of Firoz Alam, who runs a travel agency in the state capital. Alam was having an affair with another girl, and the husband and wife often quarrelled over the issue, the SHO said and added the couple had a fight on Friday night too after which Alam allegedly strangulated her to death. Before escaping, Alam called up his wife's cousin sister residing in Kurji locality and informed her that her sister had died.The SHO said the deceased's family members later reached the flat around 7.30am and found the main door open and Rizwana lying dead on her bed. Police have sent the body for postmortem. An FIR has been lodged against Alam and efforts were on to arrest him, the SHO said.Meanwhile, Kahor Paswan (60), a farmer who was hit by a vehicle on NH-31 on Friday evening, succumbed to his injuries at a hospital at Athmalgola in Patna on Saturday, said Athmalgola police station SHO Ajay Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17261177", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council member held with weapons, 5 more killed", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam Police have arrested a key administrator of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) with two AK 47s and ammunition hours after five villagers were shot dead in Kokrajhar on Friday night. Since November 10, 11 persons have died in renewed ethnic violence.Unidentified gunmen raided Jiabari village near Kokrajhar at 11.30 pm on Friday night and shot dead four of a family, including three women, and left a child injured. Another woman, who was shot earlier in the evening at Barkhas Nalbari, also died at a Bilasipara hospital. In curfew-bound Kokrajhar, miscreants fired at a Special Police Officer (SPO) while he was guarding National Highway 31 at Serfanguri at 6 pm on Saturday and snatched away his self- loading rifle. The SPO, Biraj Das, has been admitted to a private hospital in Bongaigaon in a critical condition.Police have also imposed restrictions on use of personal security by all members of the council, most of whom are of Bodo Liberation Tigers (BLT), which was disbanded in 2003 following the peace accord. They later floated the Bodoland People's Front (BPF) which is power in the council since then. The ministry of home affairs on Friday sent an advisory to the state government to seize a large number of illegal weapons in Bodo pockets to contain unabated violence. \"Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has asked the police to go all out to bring the situation under control. Police are on zero-tolerance mode,\" a top government official said.Police have sent the two weapons recovered from BTC executive member Mono Kumar Brahma's house to the forensic laboratory to verify if they were used in the recent incidents. Two magazines and 60 rounds of ammunition have also been recovered along with the two guns. \"We had information about illegal weapons with Brahma and we raided his house and found them. Brahma has been sent to 2-day police custody by a local court,\" police said.DGP Jayanto Narayan Choudhury, while talking about the crackdown, said there are at least 100 illegal sophisticated weapons and a large number of countrymade weapons in use.The police administration also extended its crackdown in pulling out house guards attached to executive members of the council, most of who are former members of now disbanded Bodo Liberation Tigers (BLT). \"The extra security cover of these leaders has been pulled out. The security personnel, who will remain attached to them, have been asked to be in uniform while on duty and will no longer be armed with AK series rifles. Instead, they will be given 303 rifles and carbines,\" a home department source said. Security cover allocated to the council's chief executive member Hagrama Mohilary, his deputy Khampa Borgoyari and transport minister Chandan Brahma have not been changed, the source added.The Bodoland People's Front (BPF), in which Mono Kumar Brahma is a senior leader, is an ally of the Congress in the state government. Brahma's arrest, however, has not evoked any mass reaction. Senior BPF leader Chandan Brahma, who is the transport minister, said, \"This is not good. I smell a conspiracy. Mono Kumar Brahma is not the person to possess a weapon. He is a senior leader of BPF and has been actively involved in rehabilitation of people displaced in the July violence.\" CM Tarun Gogoi refused to link Brahma's arrest to any impact on the alliance. \"Brahma has been arrested because some illegal weapons have been recovered from his house. This will have no impact on our alliance with BPF.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17263220", "title": "From Mumbai to Delhi, festival crosses borders", "text": "RANCHI: The festival of Chhath has crossed state borders thanks to migration of labourers andOnce restricted to Bihar and Jharkhand, the festival is now celebrated across the country. Be it on the banks of River Yamuna or the sea shore in Mumbai, the site of people offering prayes to the Sun is not unusual any more.With time, the festival has travelled a long way beyond the borders of Bihar and Jharkhand, migrating to other states.Cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore have seen huge migration of workers and middle-class skilled labourers in the past decade. Employment facilities and better lifestyle have forced many to settle in these cities with families.Many like Alpana Verma, who have spent more than two decades away from the home state, do not go back to Bihar or Jharkhand for the celebration. Instead, they celebrate Chhath with their families in their adopted cities.Verma, who has been living in Mumbai for the last 20 years, said, \"My in-laws live in Dhanbad and earlier I used to visit home every year to observe Chhath but once I got a permanent job it is really difficult to take a long leave so I have no option but to celebrate the festival here in Mumbai.\"\"In Dhanbad, I used to offer arghya at a nearby pond but here I go to the sea shore to offer arghya,\" she added.Similarly, there are many other families in different parts of the country who are celebrating chhath in the city they are living.On the other hand many other festivals of other states and cultures are also being celebrated by people of Jharkhand. Dandiya which was earlier only played in the Gujarati society during Navratra has now become popular among every religion.Surya Kant Rathore, Vice president of Gujrati Samaj of Ranchi said, \"The interest of people have developed in Dandiya in the past few years and the main reason behind it is the television. Earlier only our society used to organise dandiya but nowadays many non gujratis come and play dandiya with us during navratra. Even many hotels organise dandiya for public and people take especial classes for the same.\"Manisha Gupta, a non-Gujarati said, \"Danidya is fun and it is always good to participate in the programs of other cultures. Since past three years I have regularly been participating in dandiya programs organised in the city.\"Similarly, Karva Chauth, which was observed by marwari women for the long life of their husband, has also been adapted by women of other cultures.\"Earlier I used to see it only on TV but when my new Marwari neighbour told me the value of Karva Chauth I started observing the fast on that day too,\" said Mrigakshi Mishra, homemaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17261982", "title": "Desh Raj in judicial custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A special CBI court remanded tainted IPS officer Desh Raj Singh in 14-day judicial custody on Saturday.The next hearing has been scheduled for December 1. The suspended SP was accused of demanding a Rs 5 lakh bribe from the complainant, Sector 26 SHO Anokh Singh for giving a favourable report in five departmental inquiries initiated against him. Desh Raj was caught accepting Rs 1 lakh at his official residence.The CBI has voice scripts of the conversation between Desh Raj and complainant Anokh Singh and the bureau is projecting these as principal case evidence.The court had earlier rejected Desh Raj's bail application. His counsel Vishal Garg Narwana said they are yet to decide when to file a fresh application.Desh Raj joined Chandigarh police as assistant superintendent in October 2010 and was promoted to the rank of superintendent of police (city) in July 2012. He was arrested last month and is currently lodged in Model Burail jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17264886", "title": "I would not have made Sarkar without Bal Thackeray: RGV", "text": "Among a string of 'rest in peace' messages from Bollywood and Tollywood celebrities, following Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray 's death here on Saturday, were emotional condolences from Ram Gopal Varma . The maverick director described Bal Thackeray as a man of grit and said that he would not have made the film Sarkar if Thackeray wasn't there.RGV posted on his micro blogging site, \"can't evr forget the hug the real Sarkar gave me when he saw reel Sarkar...Bala saab was a true epitome of power in every sense of the word. if Godfather was not there i wouldn't have made sarkar..if Bala saheb wasn't there I couldn't have made Sarkar\" (sic).Hailing Bal Thackeray as one of the people's leader, RGV said that Bala Saheb was so non-hypocritical that the Shiv Sena leader even gave him an interview while having wine. \"Bala saheb would have been the only people's leader in the world who is so non hypocriticl that he gave an interview while having wine.\" (sic).RGV adds that Bal Thackeray was a political leader who did not care about being politically correct and also copied a few dialogues of his in the film. \"Bala saheb was the only political leader who dint care about being a politically correct leader. He actually told me 'mujhe jo sahi lagta hai main wahi karta hoon! ' which I copied and made Amitji say in Sarkar'. Many of the dialogue from both Sarkar and Sarkar raj are actually Bala sahebs lines which i copied from what he said!\" (sic), posted Ram Gopal Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-18"}
