{"city": "kochi", "code": "13330195", "title": "No role in deciding Haj policy, Kerala government tells high court", "text": "KOCHI: The central government is responsible for the Haj policy that is being challenged by a woman applicant as gender-based discrimination, state government has submitted to the Kerala high court.Additional advocate general K A Jaleel submitted before the court of Justice K Vinod Chandran that the Kerala State Haj Committee had informed the Central Haj Committee in writing that the policy stipulating that the male family member accompanying women for Haj shouldn't have undertaken the pilgrimage before should be relaxed.In her petition filed through advocate P K Ibrahim, Shameena Rasheed of Thodupuzha had alleged that the policy supports gender-based discrimination. She has been denied the opportunity to perform Haj despite applying for three years continuously only because of the policy, she contended. Shameena had been applying for undertaking the pilgrimage (under the general quota) for the past three years, but was never considered.This year she expected to enter the list as those who had lost out for three years were considered for direct allotment.However, the Haj committee guideline - that the accompanying male family member shouldn't have performed Haj before - is preventing her from being granted a seat this year under the direct allotment. Her husband is the only male family member who can accompany her, but he already undertook the pilgrimage in 2004.She approached the court after her pleas to the central and state-level Haj committees) fell on deaf ears.When the case came up for hearing the other day, the additional AG told the court that the Haj policy is formed by the Central Haj Committee.Shameena Rasheed of Thodupuzha alleged that the policy supports gender-based discrimination. She has been denied the opportunity to perform Haj despite applying for three years continuously only because of it, she contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327236", "title": "Lokayukta Act notified, but not yet in force", "text": "PANAJI: While the Goa Lokayukta Act, 2011, (Goa Act 3 of 2012) has been notified for the general information of the public, the rules now have to be framed, appointments have to be made and the act has to be brought into force, law department sources said.As the act will be administered by the vigilance department, the same department will now have to frame the rules, officials said. Also, the internal regulations of the institution of the Lokayukta will have to be framed by the Lokayukta upon his or her appointment, sources said. Notified in the official gazette on May 18, the Goa Lokayukta Act aims at the establishment of the institution of Lokayukta to inquire into grievances and allegations against public functionaries in Goa and to make provisions for the appointment of the Lokayukta and Upa-Lokayukta and for related matters.Among other things, the act seeks to investigate any \"public functionary\" who has abused or misused his position to obtain any gain for himself or to any other person or to cause loss or undue harm to any other person. Also, it seeks to investigate any person who is in possession or has at any time during the period of his office been in possession of pecuniary resources or property disproportionate to his known sources of income, for which the public functionary cannot satisfactorily account.The act has 11 definitions for \"public functionary\" and covers the chief minister, cabinet ministers and MLAs. It also covers presidents, vice-presidents, secretaries and managing directors of government corporations and other government bodies. The act also covers any person who has received a government grant to the tune of 1 lakh or more in a financial year for whatever purpose.Under the act, the governor of Goa shall appoint a person to be known as the Lokayukta and if needed, one or more Upa-Lokayuktas for conducting investigations and inquiries. These shall be appointed upon the advice of the chief minister in consultation with the chief justice of the high court and the leader of opposition. A person shall not be qualified for appointment as the Lokayukta or Upa-Lokayukta unless he has been a judge of the high court or is qualified to be appointed as a judge of the high court.The Lokayukta or Upa-Lokayukta shall not be a member of Parliament or a member of the legislative assembly of any state, nor shall he hold any office of trust or profit, nor shall he be connected with any political party, nor shall he carry on any business, practise any profession or accept any assignment without the prior approval of the governor. The Lokayukta or Upa-Lokayukta shall hold office for a term of three years or till he attains the age of 70, whichever is earlier.If the Lokayukta or Upa-Lokayukta, after making the preliminary inquiry, finds that there are reasonable grounds for conducting a detailed investigation and proposes to conduct such an investigation, he shall forward a copy of the complaint, along with its enclosures, to the public functionary and the \"competent authority\" concerned and proceed to make a detailed investigation. In case of the chief minister, the competent authority is the governor, in case of cabinet ministers and MLAs, the competent authority is the chief minister and so on.If, after investigation, the Lokayukta or Upa-Lokayukta is satisfied that because of mal-administration by the public functionary, the complainant has sustained injustice, the Lokayukta or the Upa-Lokayukta, shall in writing, recommend to the public functionary and the competent authority concerned, that the injustice be remedied. Such a report shall be acted upon as far as possible within 60 days and a report shall be sent to the Lokayukta or Upa-Lokayukta accordingly. The competent authority shall examine the report forwarded to it and within three months of the date of receipt of the report, intimate to the Lokayukta, the action taken or proposed to be taken.If the Lokayukta is satisfied with the action taken, he shall close the case under information to the complainant, the public functionary and the competent authority concerned, but where he is not satisfied and if he considers that the case so deserves, he may make a special report to the governor and also inform the concerned competent authority and the complainant. If after investigation, the Lokayukta is satisfied that the public functionary has committed a criminal offence and that he should be prosecuted in a court of law, then he may pass an order to the effect and the appropriate authority shall initiate prosecution against the public functionary concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13334103", "title": "Job quotient", "text": "Anish Srikrishna, senior VP &amp; business head, higher education &amp; PTG, Pearson Education India, talks to Diptiman Dewan on the employability quotient of Indian engineering graduatesWhat are the main issues that plague the Indian engineering education space?We must first acknowledge that engineering education in India has pioneered excellence and quality. There are few countries whose premier engineering institutions accept only one in 40 applicants . The contributions of engineers from these institutions to India as well as overseas are well-documented , especially in areas like software, space technology, and so on. These success stories and the resulting demand spurred rapid investment and expansion in engineering campuses across the country through the past two decades. Today, there are close to 4,000 engineering institutes in India of which over 90% are privately owned. Such a rapid expansion perhaps inevitably resulted in gaps in infrastructure, faculty and has had an adverse impact on the quality of engineering graduates being produced . Consequent decline in employment opportunities coupled with the last two to three years of an uncertain global economy have resulted in slowing enrolments.In view of industry complaints on the lack of employability, what is your opinion?There is an obvious deficit in the talent pool. A survey last year by Manpower consulting reflected that over 67% of Indian employers surveyed expressed difficulty in finding the right talent. Rough estimates suggest that less than 50% engineers graduating in India are employable. The issue is the quality cycle in many of the new colleges, which has affected employability of their fresh engineers. So, on the one hand, we have industry facing a shortage of talent while on the other , fresh engineering graduates don't find jobs. Also, there appears to be an enrolment shift in undergraduate programmes towards non-engineering streams like commerce , arts and science.What are the possible ways of mitigating these issues?Education companies are part of this eco-system and hence have a responsibility to provide a part solution to this problem. One way is to address the challenge in collaboration with the academic leadership within the colleges. Some of the ongoing initiatives are: Looking beyond traditional areas of engagement by increasing interface with both students and academia. Teachers and subject matter experts can speak to students and faculty on upcoming trends, innovations and new technologies. Make education 'learner-centric' or personal. Innovative curriculum focusing on experience-based learning, e-books , web-based platforms to enable learning even outside of classrooms are steps that education companies such as ours are taking already. Experienced editors and authors are constantly working with educators to improve the pedagogy of engineering education.MARKET DEMANDCONVENTIONAL:Civil, electrical engineering (power sector), manufacturing projects, data centres and research centres like BHEL, DRDO, etc.CONTEMPORARY:Software development, website development and design development of middleware technology (applications like Google, Yahoo), embedded systems development, electronic design automation, R&D; sector of companies, consultancies/marketing entrepreneurship", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327477", "title": "Uttar Pradesh may float global tender to buy laptops, tablet PCs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government is likely float a global tender for bulk purchase of tablet PCs and laptops to be distributed among students from the state who clear class X and XII of UP, CBSE and CISCE boards this year. Since the number of eligible candidates for the scheme is substantial, officers looking after the project are of the view that competitive bidding through a global tender would make the cost competitive.If all goes well, students will get tablet PCs and laptops by September, about two months after the start of the new academic session. While 36.82 lakh students are enrolled for class X of UP Board, about 26.36 lakh will appear in class XII. The pass percentage of UP board is around 70% for class X and 80% for class XII, which means that the government will have to buy 21 lakh laptops and 25 lakh tablet PCs for the students passing the UP Board examinations alone. If one takes into account the students of CBSE and CISCE also, the figure may touch 22 lakh laptops and 26 lakh tablet PCs.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had constituted an \"overseeing committee\" in April to supervise the procurement of the laptops and tablet PCs. The committee, headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, is negotiating with major information technology companies. Other than the chief secretary, the committee consists of nine senior IAS officers, including principal secretaries of departments of finance, planning, higher and secondary education among others.While secretary, secondary education, Parthsarthi Sen Sharma, refused to comment, a senior officer of the planning department said, \"The committee is holding talks with companies and one of the essential conditions for a company to participate in the tender is that the company should have a full-fledged office in India.\"The committee is studying the Tamil Nadu model for procurement of laptops and its distribution among students. Tamil Nadu government in 2011 spent Rs 13,939 per laptop, which was around Rs 10,000 lower than the market price, a difference of around 40%.\"Keeping the increase in inflation rate in mind, UP government may have to spend at least Rs 15,000 for a laptop,\" said a member of the committee. This way UP would have to spend at least Rs 3,150 crore in 2012-13 to fulfil its laptop promise. If one keeps 40% lower price in case of tablets as well, it will cost the government around Rs 1,750 crore.The CM is monitoring the project and has made it clear that his government is looking forward to buy quality products at competitive prices. He also wants that the work should be completed within next three months. While drawing attention towards recent meeting of chief minister with Shiv Nadar, chairman of IT major HCL, officers also revealed that IT companies are more than willing to crack the deal with the UP government. After all, it will fetch them business worth over Rs 5,000 crore in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13335011", "title": "Dedicated engineering wing to address water problems in rural areas", "text": "MYSORE: The government is considering to set up a separate unit to focus on engineering issues related to the supply of drinking water in rural Karnataka. This will be created on the lines of engineering wing attached to Zilla Panchayats which manage the civil works like building of roads and bridges.Principal secretary (rural development and panchayat raj) Amita Prasad said the proposal to set up drinking water engineering wing is with the government and is likely to be okayed. Interacting with ZP CEOs from eight districts in Mysore division during a review meeting, the secretary said the proposed unit will focus and manage the drinking water needs in rural areas.This came in response to a request by the CEOs, who specified lack of dedicated engineers to attend to water problems in villages. There are various problems attached to multi-village drinking water scheme, which are affecting the delivery of service. This can be effectively tackled if there is a dedicated team, they told the secretary.\"The property management system is being implemented at gram panchayat level to create database of properties created under various schemes,\" she stated. This will help in keeping track of the properties, which will eventually cut down corruption by denying the scope to spend for works which are through.The secretary reviewed the performance of the works taken up by eight ZPs in the region, a first such initiative to review works at the divisional level. She told the meeting that government has spent more than 35% of the funds compared to last season to attend to the drinking water needs of the villagers this summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13328161", "title": "Officer with a vision", "text": "Senior officers and friends remember former city police commissioner Ranjit Kumar Gupta, who passed away on Saturday, as a cop who had a unique vision and unmatched potential. One of them recalled an incident of 1971, when the city was in the grip of Naxalite movement. Indira Gandhi , the then Prime Minister, wanted Parliamentary elections to be held here as well to synchronize with her \"Garibi Hatao\" programme. For assessing the ground reality, a meeting was held between Union home secretary Govind Narain, chief of the Army staff General Sam Manekshaw and host of officials from the state, including Gupta. When the Delhi representatives asked for their assessment of the situation, all state officials said elections were not possible, but Gupta differed. He categorically stated that elections could be held within two months provided Manekshaw donated nine horses from Saharanpur Army Polo Club to the Calcutta Polo Club. The Delhi representatives were taken aback by the reply and the elections were indeed held.Shikhbo, jaanbo, maanbo re!Over the last year or so, the traffic department of Kolkata Police has cashed in on the popularity of various events to increase awareness among commuters. From 'Why this Herogiri Di' (rephrasing the popular song Kolaveri Di ) to 'Khokababu Jaay, Helmet Kothay' (from the Dev-starrer film, 'Khokababu'), the department has treaded the line of a dairy co-operative in grabbing the mood of the moment. This time, the department has taken up the theme song (Korbo, lorbo, jitbo re) of IPL's Team Kolkata and turned it into a song (Shikhbo, jaanbo, maanbo re) that speaks for the commuters. So who is the masterminding all these slogans for the department? Supratim Sarkar, joint CP (traffic), says he and other officers are preparing the slogans.Message through artRamakrishna Mission Institute of Culture has arranged a special exhibition on Shri Ramakrishna on his 175th birth anniversary. The exhibition displays rare paintings and sculptures on Shri Ramakrishna by stalwarts like Ramkinkar Baij, Paritosh Sen, Niranjan Pradhan Nobhendu Sen, Amal Chakladar, Bimal Kundu and Dhiren Bramha among others. Through their creations, the artists have tried to interpret the teachings of Sri Ramakrishna using a curious interplay of volume and texture to enrich their styles.Trinamool song at signalsAfter Rabindrasangeet, it's time for Ma Mati Manush songs at traffic intersections. A lot of eyebrows have already been raised whether people should be treated with the song which, more or less, is a party anthem. However, a senior Trinamool leader said that the song has nothing to do with the party and commemorates the completion of the first year of the Mamata Banerjee government. The term Ma Mati Manush was coined by the Trinamool Congress chief in the run-up to the last assembly election.The song, which focuses on communal harmony, bridging the urban-rural divide and betterment of the farmers and women , is also being played over FM radio stations in the city. Anindya Chatterjee, lead vocalist of Chandrabindoo, penned the two-minute song.English made easyWant to learn to communicate in fluent English? If you have got tired of the trite books loaded with incomprehensible theories, here's some good news for you. Two of the best authors on English language teaching courses - Don Dallas and Samson Thomas - have come up with Speak English!, a set of 20 books (10 for students and 10 for teachers) and audio CDs specially designed for south Asian students. Published by Orient Blackswan, the books to lay emphasis on pronunciation, stress and intonation.Craze for summer campsIt seems summer camp is the flavour of the city at present. Weavers Studio organized one such camp where children - aged five to eight - were taught the art of story-telling, quizzing, elocution and skit. During the same period, Nehru Children's Museum hosted a dance workshop by Dhiman Shankar where youngsters between eight and 20 years walked home with certificates. Why a dance workshop? \"I saw children in reality shows and felt they needed the energy and spirit of our classical traditions,\" said the dancer who's worked with reputed actresses and folk artistes, and danced for old-age homes, orphanages and for breast cancer survivors in hospitals too.Maestro honouredShe was born in Sind, grew up in Delhi, married in Bhubaneswar and danced all over the world. But for decades, Kolkata has been home to Rani Karnaa Nayak. Here, at Samskritiki Shreyaskar, she has raised dancers in not one but two classical dance traditions - Odissi and Kathak. She has combined in her dance the joyous movements of the Brijbhasha-based Jaipur gharana, the grace of Urdu-based Lucknow gharana and the metaphors of Tagore's universalism. Last week, she was honoured by the state's Akademi of Dance Drama Music and Visual Arts for her exemplary contribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326628", "title": "Five of a family killed in road accident", "text": "BHOPAL: A pilgrimage turned out to be a tragedy a family from the old city when five of them including, a woman and three kids were killed in a freak road accident when the motorcycle in which they were travelling was knocked down by a truck on the busy Bhopal-Hoshangabad road at Budni on Sunday morning.Police said that one Umesh and his four family members were going to take holy dip in Narmada River at Hoshangabad on Sunday morning when a truck bearing registration number RJ07 GB 856 allegedly knocked down mobike in which they were travelling near Budni.The police said all the victims identified as Umesh 34, his wife Parvati 28, their two sons namely Prince, 6, and Mintu, 4, and a relative identified as Pooja, 12, died on the spot.Police said that the driver of the truck, who is yet to be identified, fled the spot leaving behind the vehicle. The police later reached the spot and sent the bodies for autopsy. The victim family hailed from Chhola road area of the old city here, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13321538", "title": "We're still trying to figure out partner for Sachin: Harbhajan Singh", "text": "JAIPUR: Dwayne Smith may have produced a blistering 58-ball unbeaten 87 at the top of the order but Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan Singh said that the IPL outfit is still looking to get the right opening combination.\"We are still trying to figure out who is the best partner for (Sachin) Tendulkar,\" Harbhajan said after his team crushed Rajasthan Royals by 10 wickets here tonight.The skipper said the likes of Herschelle Gibbs and Smith give the team options.\"Gibbs has done well in a few innings, Smith did well today. It gives us options.\"Harbhajan further added, \"Our fielding was probably slightly better than what RR did today. We wanted to come out here.\"Man of the Match Smith, who shared an IPL record 163-run opening-wicket partnership with Tendulkar, was pleased to bat with the veteran Indian.\"It was a great privilege to bat with Tendulkar. I have been opening for some time now, it was not new for me. It is good to get some runs, it is crunch time in the tournament now,\" Smith said.Dravid said they neede early wickets to put pressure on the Mumbai side.\"162 was not a bad score. We needed early wickets but when batsmen like Smith get going, it is tough,\" he said.Rajasthan finished with seven wins from 16 games in this edition of IPL, and Dravid said there have been a lot of positives.\"A lot of positives this season. I am going to spend some time at home, I have enjoyed it here. It has been good fun. I will relax and see how life is out of cricket. I will take a call when I have to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13333702", "title": "Allahabad students shine in ICSE, ISC results", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The students have done the Sangam city proud by scoring high percentage marks in ISC and ICSE results of which were declared on Saturday.In St Mary's Convent ICSE results, Aayushi Agrahari has secured 96.6% marks, followed by Agrima Singh (96.4%) and Kashika Agarwal (95.4%). In ISC commerce group, Tooba Masood has scored 93.25%, followed by Pallavi Mandhyan (90.5%) and Nashrah Zafar (89.75%). Henna Gilotra has got 95.5% in the science stream while Akshita Chandra has secured 94.5%, and Radhika Singh and Ritika Gupta secured 93.5%.The students of Bishop Johnson School and College have also fared well in ISC and ICSE. In class X, Shobhit Sinha has topped the school with 95.4% marks while Zubeida Fakhruddin Khan (94.4%) and Sana Anwer (93%) are placed second and third respectively. In ISC science stream, Mayank Gupta, Nidhi Singh, Zeba Fakhruddin stood first with 93.5% marks while Saubhagya Srivastava with 93% and Vivek Chaturvedi with 92.5% were placed second and third respectively in the school.Anchal Srivastava with 91.5% marks topped the school list in ISC commerce stream. The second position has been bagged by Anshika Kapoor with 88.5% marks while the third spot has gone to Heena Keswani (87.5%). School principal Vishal N Singh has congratulated successful students.At Bishop George School, Mithilesh Kumar has topped the class X examination by securing 95% marks, followed by Twinkle Jaiswal (86%) and Mohd Kashif (82%). In ISC, Yashasavi Chaurasia has secured 94% followed by Yash Sharma (88%) and Tipu Khan (86%), said principal Javed Bakht.Manisha Agarwal of Girls High School and College, Allahabad, has secured 96% marks in ICSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13330405", "title": "Police begin work to set up senior citizen service bureau", "text": "KOCHI: A posse of police personnel will soon knock at your doors to check whether there are any aged persons at your home and how they are treated.As part of implementing the Rs 10 crore security scheme announced by the state government for senior citizens, police team will collect details of the aged persons in the city and prepare a separate register.Police stations in the city have been directed to expedite measures to open an exclusive senior citizen service bureau to cater to the needs of the aged. Kochi city deputy commissioner of police (DCP) T Gopalakrishna Pillai said that various measures have been launched to implement the security scheme.\"Police teams will visit homes across the city and collect details of aged persons. Officials will interact with the aged persons to know whether they are properly looked after or if they have any complaint,\" he said. Pillai also said that all details will be recorded in a register at the police station and a beat officer will be assigned to visit these persons once a week to enquire about their welfare. The senior citizen service bureau will have details of close relatives of senior citizens in the respective areas.State director general of police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose has issued a directive to police officers on the procedures to be followed while implementing the scheme.If old people are staying alone, police officials should collect the details of persons like milkman, newspaper vendor and servants who frequent the house. \"The identification details of these persons will be recorded at the service bureau, which will also coordinate with various other agencies like health department, revenue department and social welfare department to ensure safety and security of senior citizens,\" Pillai said.A nodal officer will also be appointed in each district to coordinate the functioning of the bureau.\"Dedicated 24-hour helplines will be opened at the bureau so that senior citizens can seek any assistance in case of an emergency,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330350", "title": "Maoist leader sent to jail, hunt on for wife", "text": "CHENNAI: The 'Q' branch police nabbed Communist Party of India - Maoist state secretary J Vivek alias Kumar two days after a relative's engagement in Triplicane that he had come to the city to attend.The police said J Vivek, 46, was staying in an apartment complex provided by his relatives, along with his wife and accomplice Padma alias Sathyamary, 37, when he was arrested. Padma, who received information that the police was closing in on the couple, gave the police the slip.Vivek was produced in a judicial magistrate's court in Theni on Sunday and has been remanded in judicial custody till June 1. The Maoist leader, who accused the police of foisting cases against him while brought out of the court, is being held at Madurai Central Prison.\"It was difficult to identity him because he regularly changed his appearance to avoid being caught.\" Sources said Vivek has booked a train ticket to Karnataka with Padma. The ticket was seized from the apartment after his arrest.The police have formed three special teams to apprehend his wife, Padma. She is part of the Maoist's women's empowerment wing and was a member of a CPI-Maoist \"fact-finding team\" in the Nandigram incident. The special teams have been sent to Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and other border districts, sources said.Padma was allegedly involved in arms training of Maoist members in Uthangarai, Dharmapuri, in 2004, the officer said.A firearms expert, Vivek had trained members of the group of Maoists that the police surrounded and fired at, leaving several of the rebels dead, in Uthangarai in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13352138", "title": "Oxytocin improves brain function in autistic kids", "text": "Oxytocin - a naturally occurring substance produced in the brain and throughout the body- increased brain function in regions that are known to process social information in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders (ASD).These are according to preliminary results from an ongoing, large-scale study by Yale School of Medicine researchers.The Yale Child Study Center research team includes postdoctoral fellow Ilanit Gordon and Kevin Pelphrey, the Harris Associate Professor of Child Psychiatry and Psychology.\"Our findings provide the first, critical steps toward devising more effective treatments for the core social deficits in autism, which may involve a combination of clinical interventions with an administration of oxytocin. Such a treatment approach will fundamentally improve our understanding of autism and its treatment,\" said Gordon.Social-communicative dysfunctions are a core characteristic of autism, a neurodevelopmental disorder that can have an enormous emotional and financial burden on the affected individual, their families, and society.Gordon said that while a great deal of progress has been made in the field of autism research, there remain few effective treatments and none that directly target the core social dysfunction. Oxytocin has recently received attention for its involvement in regulating social abilities because of its role in many aspects of social behaviour and social cognition in humans and other species.To assess the impact of oxytocin on the brain function, Gordon and her team conducted a first-of-its-kind, double-blind, placebo-controlled study on children and adolescents aged 7 to 18 with ASD. The team members gave the children a single dose of oxytocin in a nasal spray and used functional magnetic resonance brain imaging to observe its effect.The team found that oxytocin increased activations in brain regions known to process social information. Gordon said these brain activations were linked to tasks involving multiple social information processing routes, such as seeing, hearing, and processing information relevant to understanding other people.The results will be presented at the International Meeting for Autism Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "moga", "code": "13329796", "title": "Man booked for throwing acid on wife", "text": "Moga: A woman and her three daughters, including a married one, were admitted to Moga civil hospital on Sunday after a relative allegedly threw acid at them. The acid has disfigured their faces and arms, police said.Kulwant Kaur of Salina village has alleged that her son-in-law -- husband of her married daughter Jaspreet Kaur -- is behind the incident. Police have booked Jaspreet's husband Jagtar Singh of Maheshri village. Kulwant Kaur said from her hospital bed that she along with her daughters Jaspreet, Amandeep Kaur and Mandeep Kaur were sleeping in the courtyard of her house on Saturday night, when someone threw acid on them after scaling the wall. She said the intruder turned out to be her daughter Jaspreet's husband Jagtar Singh, who was not on good terms with his spouse.Moga SSP Surjit Singh Grewal said, \"Police are investigating the matter and a case is being registered, based on Kulwant Kaur's statement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13355072", "title": "'Kaipo Che' begins shooting in Gujarat", "text": "A film based on the book - Three Mistakes of my Life, Kaipo Che begins to shoot at various locations in Gujarat...Filmmaker Abhishek Kapoor who is making a film on Chetan Bhagat's popular novel The Three Mistakes of my Life - Kaipo Che has started shooting for the film in Gujarat with his cast. The shooting took place in Vadnagar and many areas of the old city in Ahmedabad. Along with him, Sushant Rajput, Rajkumar Yadav and Amit Sadh were present for an interaction with the Gujarati audience in a 5-star hotel a few days back.Abhishek has chosen Gujarat to shoot for his film because he thinks Gujarat as a state has great potential for picturesque locations. The entire cast had a great time sampling Gujarati cuisine and bearing the extreme heat in the various areas of Gujarat while they were shooting. Slated for release in January 2012, the film ' Kaipo Che' has a Gujarati title and Abhishek reasons that he is not reluctant to give it a Gujarati title because it adds novelty and gives a reason for other states and people in the country to make that effort to understand the Gujarati language and culture. He says, \"Why not? People are making films with different ambience and so I thought my film should explore the Gujarati ambience.\"Sushant Singh Rajput who catapaulted to fame with his acting in Pavitra Rishta , a popular show on Zee TV and later quit the show, is also hoping that his B-Town debut in a meaningful film like this will give him the edge. Ask him about how he is reacting to the show not working well after he exited and he says, \"I am unhappy because my girlfriend Ankita Lokhande is still in the show and would want that the show works for her.\"With Gujarati locations, exploring the Gujarati ambience, now Gujarat is definitely the preferred state for filmmakers for shooting their films", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13326810", "title": "For these bariatric patients, it was a walk to remember", "text": "INDORE: This was a ramp walk with a difference. With the message loud and clear that obesity is no more a bane, almost 12 once-obese patients shared the ramp with a host of Bollywood celebrities. The patients , that took part in the event, were between 13 and 70 years of age.Once depressed about failing to shed extra flab, they were assisted on the ramp by Aditi Govitrikar, Alecia Raut, Anjana Sukhani and a few city-based models. Weighing more than 200 kg until six months ago, they preferred to avoid public appearances. But they chose to undergo bariatric surgery and Dr Mohit Bhandari, an expert bariatric surgeon, helped them shed extra weight.The patients did not seem any less than ramp stars as they walked in different attires and impressed the audience with the positive change.PFMI International 2010 Neha Hinge hosted the event. The dance troupe Dance India Dance gave an impressive performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13335281", "title": "Sabyasachi warns of 'revolutionary violence'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With security agencies having turned the heat on Sabyasachi Panda for the past three weeks, the Maoist leader on Sunday threatened \"revolutionary violence\" if the state government continues to attack the Red rebels.In a fresh audio tape circulated to media houses, Panda alleged the state government has not fulfilled its promises to secure the release of Italian nationals Claudio Colangelo (on March 25) and Bosusco Paolo (on April 12), who he had kidnapped from Kandhamal-Ganjam region on March 14.\"If the government does not abstain from violence against us, we will be forced to react and retaliate through revolutionary violence,\" Panda warned.Accusing the state government of doublespeak, Panda maintained the government was spreading lies through the media and said the security personnel were conducting combing operations in areas where the Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) of the CPI (Maoist) operates. Those areas include Kandhamal, Ganjam, Gajapati and Rayagada districts.Panda, who is secretary, OSOC, said securitymen had mounted a series of attacks \"despite OSOC refraining from violence ever since it announced ceasefire following abduction of two Italians\". He warned the Red rebels may turn violent if the administration resorted to suppression.Claiming that his wife Subhashree Panda was \"falsely implicated\" in the Nayagarh attack case, Panda said incarcerated ultra Arati Majhi was yet to come out of jail despite the government's promise to facilitate her release. He also criticized home secretary U N Behera's version on May 15 that the state government was following the commitments made during hostage crisis involving two Italian nationals and Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka. Behera had said the state government was taking all possible steps and will follow the commitments made in letter and spirit. \"While the state government is making all possible efforts to maintain peace and order, the Maoists have continued to indulge in violent activities by killing innocent civilians and security personnel,\" Behera said, adding since March 14, when the Italians were abducted, the rebels had killed four civilians and injured five others in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13333140", "title": "Heart patients on the rise in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: The town is witnessing rise in numbers of heart patients but lack of super specialized cardiologist has become a major concern for the residents.The district is having more than 12,000 heart patients, of them about 1,000 are suffering from severe problem. Unfortunately there is no specialized cardiologist and cardio-thoracic surgeons available, forcing patients to rush to Kolkatta, Durgapur, Ranchi or other super specialty hospitals in big cities at a time of emergency, sources said.Huge rush of heart patients at a free health check-up camp organized by a club on Sunday has made it evident that there is an immense crisis of cardiologist here. Heart patients in a large number assembled at a venue knowing that a cardiologist from a West Bengal hospital with his team was conducting check-up.Around hundred patients had visited the camp which was conducted for almost six hours. Organizer of the camp BB Jaiswal seeing the requirement and demand of the patients announced that on every third Sunday of the month the club would host heart check-up camp by joining hands with hospitals. \"Once in every month renowned cardiologists from the Bengal hospital will provide free consultancy to patients here,\" said Jaiswal.The 910-bedded Bokaro General Hospital (BGH), which is one of the biggest hospitals of this region, lacks super specialized cardiologists in its cardiology department. \"We have announced vacancies for DM cardiologist in 2011 but no candidates had responded. We have initiated a process to set a cardiac catheterization laboratory (cath lab) to upgrade our cardiology department. Once it will come up we have planned to again invite super specialized cardiologists to join our faculty,\" said A K Singh, director of BGH. He added that around 10,000 heart patients from the district and outside areas visit the BGH for treatment every year.K M Memorial Hospital, a private hospital situated in Chas, has a cath lab and claims to have a good team of doctors but it does not have any cardio thoracic surgeons. \"Every year around 2,000-3,000 heart patients visit the hospital,\" said Vikas Pandey, the director.Om Prabha (65), a resident of Sector-I who visited the camp, said it was unfortunate for Bokaro which boasts of big hospitals like BGH that there were no super specialized cardiologists or surgeons. \"The people have to rush to Kolkata or other big hospitals in other districts for treatment,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327283", "title": "Uttar Pradesh may give inheritance rights to Muslim women", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslim women may finally get their due share in family inheritance. The long standing demand of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board for a suitable amendment in the UP Zamindari Abolition and Land Reform Act 1950 to bring it at par with the Shariat is likely to get an official nod soon. After AIMPLB reasserted its stance last month, the state government is considering the option to push through the politically correct agenda in the assembly session which begins on May 28.In a formal request forwarded to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on April 2, Board general secretary Maulana Syed Nizamuddin demanded the right of inheritance to Muslim women, including widows, divorcees and married daughters. The Board drew attention to the fact that in UP this privilege vests only with the unmarried daughters while the rest of the categories have been arbitrarily left out. The chief minister responded favourably. On April 19, he wrote back to the AIMPLB president Maulana Rabe Hasan Nadvi and signaled his assent to the need for a speedy amendment in the law. The issue, said senior AIMPLB member Zafaryab Jilani, figured prominently in the Board's annual meeting at Mumbai from April 20-22. States like Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan and Bihar do not follow such discriminatory practice, there is no logic why should UP women be deprived of their share, he said.Jilani recalled the half-hearted measures of former chief minister Mayawati in this regard. Maya government, he said, brought an amendment in the sections 171(2) and 174 of the Act in September 2005. But, the right to inherit the agricultural asset was granted only to the unmarried daughters. This, Jilani said, was not what was intended under the personal law which acknowledges property rights of married unmarried, widowed or divorced women. This restrictive approach, he said, had drawn ire of the Board in its annual meeting at Bhatkal and the members called for rescheduling the list of beneficiaries to match the Shariat.Meanwhile, sources claimed that the government is no mood to delay the issue. With eys on the parliamentary elections, the \"goodwill gesture\" could yield to major political advantage to the Samajwadi Party . \"Hopes are already up,\" said Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangimahali, Imam of Aishbagh Idgah, \"after the positive communication of the chief minister.\" The amendment, he said, would surely lead to a revolutionary change in the economic status of women and raise their status in society in general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347282", "title": "\u201cSeethama Vakitilo Sirimalle Chettu\u201d in RFC", "text": "After a brief hiatus, \" Seethama Vakitilo Sirimalle Chettu\" is back on the sets. The film has resumed shooting in Ramoji Film City where a special set worth 2 crores has been erected. Marriage scenes on Mahesh Babu and Samantha are being canned in the location and director Srikanth Addala would be wrapping up this schedule in the next few days. The first look of the film is expected to be released on May 31 - birthday of superstar Krishna. Remember, it was on this day the first look of \"Pokiri\" and \"Dookudu\" were unveiled. So let's watch out for that!\"Seethama Vakitilo Sirimalle Chettu\" is a multi-starrer film in which Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh are playing siblings while Prakash Raj and Jayasudha will be seen as their parents. The family entertainer showcases the sensibilities and emotions in a father - son relationship. Dil Raju is producing the film under Sri Venkateswara Creations and Mickey J Meyer is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13329471", "title": "No way out of jams at railway crossings", "text": "LUDHIANA: The good news is that after almost five years of hanging fire, designs for railway overbridges at Pakhowal Road and Grain Market, Dhuri, have finally been approved. The bad news, however, is that there is no possibility of the bridges being constructed anytime soon. Lack of funds and the pending southern bypass project will mean that residents will keep getting stuck at the railway crossings.The southern bypass will not be ready for about another year. Municipal corporation had first announced the construction of overbridges in 2007 but work could not be started. MC says it cannot block Pakhowal Road and Grain Market road for construction as it will leave no alternative for diverting road traffic. Sources said railway authorities had sought Rs 18 crore from the municipal corporation (MC) to be deposited with them so that they can begin the project but MC had refused to pay money.Sarabha Nagar-resident Navneet Kaur said, ''Authorities claim they will start metro rail in city but they have failed to solve traffic congestion at railway crossings. I would prefer if they first solve our basic problems.'' Amrit Sahni of Model Town said, ''One can keep track of the timings of passenger trains but there is no time table available for goods trains so we can't escape being caught in a jam one way or the other.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13321947", "title": "Gujarat government takes back \u2018Swarnim Gujarat gift\u2019 from poor", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat government has decided to discontinue a major scheme launched by chief minister Narendra Modi as a 'Swarnim Gujarat gift to the poor' in April 2010. Aimed at providing soyabean-fortified wheat flour in order to improve nutrition standards of 34 lakh below poverty line (BPL) families, Modi launched the Rs 200 crore scheme at a grand ceremony, watched live on the satellite-based TVs, by lakhs of villagers. He said, pulses had become \"very unaffordable\", hence \"soyabean-fortified wheat flour will help overcome the problem of protein deficiency\" rampant in Gujarat.State food and civil supplies minister Narottam Patel told TOI that the government has decided to withdraw the scheme because soyabean-fortified wheat flour supply failed to reach the ration shops in time for the BPL cardholders to buy. There was also large number of complaints that people were not getting quality wheat flour, as promised. A government resolution (GR), making the decision formal, is expected to be issued shortly.The state government first conceptualized the scheme in 2005. Even the latest Human Development Report 2011 took note of \"high rates of child malnutrition\" in Gujarat, with 69.7% kids up to 5 being anaemic and 44.6% suffering from malnutrition, suggesting that high growth rates was no guarantor of improvement of the plight of the poor.Under the scheme launched by Modi, 19 kg of wheat flour, mixed with five per cent soyabean flour, was provided to each BPL family. Wheat given by the Government of India for BPL was given to specified wheat flourmills along with soyabean. The flour was prepared, packaged and distributed to the fair price shops. The BPL families were given 19 kg of fortified flour each at Rs 2 per kg per month.The fortified flour scheme had won praise, among others, from the World Food Programme , the food aid organization of the UN, which sent a team to Gujarat to study how it had begun showing \"extraordinary results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323944", "title": "Exams over, jailbirds out school-hunting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Exam season is testing time, not just for students, but for prisoners too! Over the last one week, half-a-dozen jail inmates have moved bail applications on the grounds that they need to be with their children to help them plan their future.The courts have taken a view that all of them be released temporarily for the sake of the children.Gujarat high court granted a 21-day bail to Ashvin Parmar, a convict in the Patan gang rape case lodged in Sabarmati Central Jail. Justice R R Tripathi allowed Parmar's plea that he wanted to make arrangements for his son's admission to class XI.His bail plea has an annexure of mark sheets and school leaving certificate showing that his son cleared the class X board exams this year.Jitendra Jethva from Ahmedabad also sought release for three weeks to get admission for his son, who cleared class IX this year. Jethva has been convicted for five years in an abduction case. He argued that he had undergone his jail term for nearly three years and was granted furlough last September.However, he desperately required bail to arrange for his son's admission. The HC ordered his release on bail for three weeks.Harshad Rathod, undergoing life imprisonment for murder, wanted to help his daughter, who has entered class XII.Rathod had come out of jail on seven occasions on furlough and three times on bail. The high court granted him conditional bail for 21 days.The high court also granted furlough for a month to Rafiq Parmar, who is also undergoing life imprisonment for murder. He will be released to help find a good school for his niece after his sister requested the court.Parmar had been released on bail in the past and had to be arrested for not returning to jail in time. However, the high court ordered his release to arrange better education for the children.Similarly, Dharmendrasinh Jadeja got bail for 45 days so that he could find a school for his son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330343", "title": "Police interrogate three in techie's murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have interrogated three persons whom J Pradeep, the murdered techie whose charred body was found in Minjur, last spoke to from his mobile phone.Investigations revealed that he had reportedly told the trio that he was leaving for a certain place to meet someone shortly before he was killed.\"Though he did not mention the name of the person he was about to meet, he told them that it was someone he knew,\" a police officer said. \"He also received calls from an unknown number.\"With evidence indicating that the techie had been tortured before he was killed, investigating officers are considering the possibility that a love triangle led to the murder. They are interrogating Pradeep's friends and colleagues.\"We are looking at all possible angles in the case but have failed to get any solid clues. We have found that he had helped a girl, on her boyfriend's request, to get a job at a software firm. He became close to her after she broke up with her boyfriend,\" the officer said.Pradeep, 30, worked for the e-Serve division of TCS.Pradeep's charred body, with the eyes gouged out and a cellphone stuck in the rectum, was found near Minjur in Tiruvallur district on May 9. People living in the area found the body amid empty liquor bottles, cigarette butts and an abandoned motorbike.The police identified the victim by calling numbers saved in the mobile phone. Pradeep stayed with a friend in Thirumangalam, near Anna Nagar.He went missing on May 8 but no complaint was lodged at the police station. \"His friends thought that he may have gone out of town without informing them,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13334286", "title": "New age engineering", "text": "Engineering is one of the traditional disciplines, which a large number of students still aspire to get into as they complete +2. However, at present, the discipline is not just limited to its fundamental branches like civil, electrical and mechanical engineering. Rather, the fundamentals have fragmented into a number of modern concepts such as computer engineering , information technology, electronics and communication, among others.Students keen to join the DU engineering programme, this year, can take their pick from a contemporary range of courses. Engineering is offered at DU in two institutes - Delhi Technological University (DTU) and Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT). According to Shampa Chakraverty, head of computer engineering, NSIT, computing has pervaded all areas of engineering. The fundamental areas of engineering like civil, electrical, etc, have now been revamped with more automation and are increasingly focusing on computing.Chakraverty says, \"More students at the undergraduate level are opting for programmes in computer engineering, electronics and communication engineering, information technology and even bio-technology . A surge in the number of takers for these programmes can be attributed to the new industry-openings available in these sectors.\"Since information technology has had its boom in the last couple of years, the focus has now shifted to computer engineering and electronics and communication, which are the two emerging areas within the discipline . Both programmes revolve around modern technology, which is one of the reasons why the number of takers is increasing every year.India is developing into a software market and the talent pool in this sector is growing as well. Globally too, interdependence between economies has grown.Besides, these days, a lot of businesses are run on the web, which is why IT - independent of time and location - has become a necessity, Chakraverty points out.According to her, people are getting interested in starting their own ventures. Another reason for the popularity of these courses is the increase in the number of communities , demanding various applications like Skype, Facebook, etc, across age groups. The development of such applications is called middleware technology, which is attracting students. New Age career prospects in engineering include development of middleware technology, website design, electronic design automation, consultancies, embedded systems, etc.\"Apart from the above, there are a lot of opportunities for enterprise. After a few years of working with an organisation, people can start their own ventures. Today, the youth realises the scope of creativity and innovation . The society has changed from people wanting to do something that makes them happy instead of just fending for themselves ,\" she adds.PB Sharma, vice-chancellor , Delhi Technological University (DTU), says that besides computer science, electronics and communication, students are also taking interest in new areas like engineering physics. The BTech course in engineering physics is designed to produce communication technologists, nano-scientists , and professionals who contribute towards supporting the growth of the energy sector.\"A large number of students in the last couple of years have been applying to streams like computer science, IT, electronics and communication, manufacturing process and automation. Overall, 11,000 candidates had applied to various streams at the university for 15 undergraduate programmes for about 1400 seats, last year. We expect the applications to increase in the coming session,\" says Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322592", "title": "5 kids injured as cylinder explodes in Saidabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five children were injured when a mini gas cylinder exploded at a house in Singareni Colony in Saidabad on Sunday morning.The injured included Pavan, 15, Sridevi, 10, Tarun, 8, Sushma, 5, and Varalakshmi, 4. The incident took place when a mini gas cylinder being used by a housewife, Lakshmi, accidentally began leaking excess fuel while she was making rotis in front of her hut on Sunday morning. In order to put off the flame, Lakshmi turned the cylinder upside down and rubbed the burner on the mud floor. However, the flame intensified and Lakshmi quickly threw blankets over it and then tried dousing it by pouring soap water.She also threw sand over the flame, but despite all her efforts the flames did not stop and the blankets also caught fire. Meanwhile, several children from the neighbourhood gathered at the spot and just then the cylinder suddenly exploded. \"Five children suffered injuries when metal pieces of the cylinder pierced their bodies. One of them, Sridevi, suffered multiple fractures on her left hand,\" Saidabad inspector A Srinivasulu said.All the injured were rushed to Osmania General Hospital. Except Sridevi all others were sent home after first aid. \"Sridevi suffered multiple fractures on her left hand and injuries on her head. Doctors attending on her said there is no threat to her life, but might have to amputate her left hand as it had got badly damaged,\" the inspector said.Police booked cases against Lakshmi under Sections 337 (causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) and 338 (causing grievous injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329636", "title": "Parents put school in the dock after student kills self", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two days after a class nine student, Ashiq Suhail, committed suicide for being reprimanded by the school authorities, his parents have a filed a complaint with the Fort police against the school.It was on Friday, Ashiq Suhail, a student of the Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, Nalanchira and a resident of Kallattumukku at Manacaud in the city, hanged himself after he was rebuked by the school principal following a complaint received from a girl student.In the complaint the girl said that she had received a love letter through email from an address that had Suhail as the first name.The principal demanded an explanation from Ashiq and called Ashiq's mother Laila Begum to the school on Friday. According to Laila Begum, principal K T Cheriyan Panicker used abusive language and threatened Ashiq that he would be handed over to the police for sending the mail.\"It was totally unbecoming of a principal to have said something like that. He talked as if my son was a criminal. Though, Ashiq pleaded so many times that he hadn't sent any mail, the principal didn't listen and said that he would issue him a termination certificate with bad remarks about his character,\" said Laila, who is expecting a baby and has been confined to bed after she was totally shattered by the death of her son. \"I want the principal to be punished. He should not do this to any other child,\" said Laila. She said that she had spoken to the girl on Friday. \"I asked her if she genuinely believe my son had sent the mail. She told me that she was only suspicious. There is no internet connection at our home. Ashiq rarely goes to the internet cafe,\" added Laila Begum. Ashiq's father, Abdul Kalam is working in the Gulf.The boy's uncle Anwar Saddath said that Ashiq was totally taken aback by the turn of events when he returned home on Friday evening. He did not talk to anyone and shut himself in a room. When Laila called him for dinner, he did not respond. Even after repeated knocks, the boy did not open the door and later he was found hanging from the ceiling. \"He was already dead when we brought him down,\" Saddath said.Ashiq had left a suicide note, which said that principal K T Cheriyan and the girl were responsible for his death.One of his classmates told TOI that Ashiq had never misbehaved with the girl who filed a complaint. \"She was in a different division. There were gossips about them. But Ashiq never took it seriously. In fact we never thought this thing would end up like this,\" said another classmate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13333273", "title": "Tigress Swarna expecting baby", "text": "PATNA: Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park officials and employees are an excited lot as they are expecting addition of a bundle of joy to the big cat family. Making the tiger-breeding programme a success, the white tigress, Swarna, has conceived.A pair of white tigers, including Swarna, was brought here from the Hyderabad Zoo on August 12 last year.Swarna has started showing biological changes indicating that she has conceived after mating in April.Veterinary doctor of the park, Ajit Kumar told TOI that the mating between white tiger Bheema and white tigress Swarna held between April 18 and April 20 was successful. \"We do not have infrastructure to test pregnancy of animals. So we closely observe and monitor their activity and biological changes after every breeding programme,\" he said.He said Swarna has been going through some biological changes and they would do an ultrasonography of her after 60 days from the mating date. He said, \"Both Swarna and Bheema are very calm. Both of them are obedient to their masters. Swarna never troubled us for anything since her arrival at the zoo.\" Swarna is taking normal diet along with glucose and energy supplements.According to the veterinary doctor, a tigress takes 105 days to deliver a cub. The standard duration of pregnancy could range from 100 to 110 days. Ajit Kumar added that when a tigress conceives, she starts gaining weight and her natural movements get slower. The zoo has completed pairing of its cat family and expecting good breeding in the 2012-13 season.Before the exchange programmes in the last few months, the park used to have an unequal number of tigers and lions, affecting their breeding process. Incidentally, one giraffe is also expecting to deliver her baby in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324502", "title": "Ravi Bhavan expansion on built-operate-transfer basis", "text": "NAGPUR: State government has decided to develop the prestigious Ravi Bhavan guest house on built operate and transfer (BOT) basis. Sixteen new cottages will be constructed at a cost of Rs 20 crore. These will be run by private operator and private individuals may be allowed to stay here. The major guest houses in Pune district are being already expanded on BOT basis.There are 30 cottages and 80 suites in the complex spread over 13 acres. Forty suites are housed in three old buildings while the remaining 40 are located in one new building. Ravi Bhavan was built in 1950s when Nagpur was the capital of the former Central Provinces &amp; Berar state.The 30 cottages are reserved for cabinet ministers. The 80 suites are for ministers of state, senior government officers, chairpersons of government commissions, members of government appointment committees, etc.\"Normally, this space is enough but during winter session as there are 34 cabinet ministers, some of them have to be accommodated in Nag Bhavan cottages, which creates a lot of problems,\" a senior public works department ( PWD) official said.Sixty per cent of space is open in Ravi Bhavan. The government wants to construct cottages so that none of the ministers or VIPs are forced to stay in suites or other rest houses. The official further said that as per rules only 15 categories of persons are allowed to stay here. \"Many ministers book cottages but actually stay in top hotels while many private individuals are ready to shell out a decent rent for it due to central location of the rest house. The government is thinking of allowing private persons to stay in new cottages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327430", "title": "Fire in south Delhi slum: 11 hurt, two critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least eleven people suffered burns when a fire broke out at a slum cluster in Sheikh Sarai in south Delhi on Sunday morning. The condition of two people is critical. The fire was probably triggered by a leak in a gas cylinder, leading to a minor blast, police said.The incident took place around 11.30am at the Jagdamba camp in the area. \"A family was cooking food using the leaking cylinder. It appears that the cooker caught fire following a cylinder burst. Minutes after the shanty caught fire, it swiftly engulfed the neighboring shanties too,\" said a police officer. Seven fire tenders were sent to the spot to douse the fire.The injured were taken to Safdarjung Hospital. Nine people were discharged after preliminary treatment. But Sumitra, 55, has 90% burns while Naseeruddin (55) has been hospitalized with 20% burn injuries.A fire also broke out at National School of Drama in the Mandi House area in central Delhi around 11.24am on Sunday. While no causalities were reported, the sets of a soon-to-be-staged play were destroyed. The fire was probably caused due to a short circuit, officials said.Fire officials said they had received a call around 1120am and three fire tenders were sent to the spot immediately. \"It took half an hour to put out the fire and the situation was soon brought under control. No causalities were reported but furniture and hoardings were destroyed,\" a fire official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13328390", "title": "Government felicitates 16 achievers on Ma Mati Manush day", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Sunday felicitated renowned personalities from different fields with Bangavibhusan and Bangabhusan awards at the Netaji Indoor Stadium and dedicated May 20 for the ceremony for coming years. \"We will felicitate respected people from various walks of life on this very day. We dedicate this day as the day of Ma Mati Manush,\" Mamata said. Her government completed one year in office on Sunday.The state government honoured 16 personalities with the awards. Those who were honoured with the Bangavibhusan award were Olympic gold winning hockey player Leslie Claudius, legendary actress Suchitra Sen, theatre personalities Rudraprasad Sengupta, Bibhas Chakraborty and Shaoli Mitra, writers Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay and Sanjib Chattopadhyay, painter Jogen Chowdhury, shenai maestro Ustad Ali Ahmed Hussein Khan, actor Ranjit Mullick, film director Gautam Ghose, classical vocalist Pandit Ajay Chakrabarty and poet Joy Goswami. Among the Bangabhusan awardees were vocalist Rashid Khan, percussionist Bickram Ghosh and singer Nachiketa Chakraborty. Ajay Chakraborty's wife received the award on his behalf as Chakraborty was not in the city. Moon Moon Sen and her daughter Raima Sen accepted the award on behalf of Suchitra Sen.\"We are grateful to you all for accepting this small gift from us,\" Mamata told all the award winners. The chief minister spoke at length about all the award winners as to how they have and are still enriching our lives. In her speech, she also congratulated actor Soumitra Chatterjee for winning the Dada Saheb Phalke award. Last year's Bangavibhusan award winners Dwijen Mukherjee and Haradhan Banerjee were also present on the occasion.The award winners also thanked the government, saying they felt honoured to receive this award from the government. They also felt elated as the government recognized their contribution to the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13344380", "title": "Hansika loves humour the most", "text": "Hansika Motwani, the young and bubbly girl is the toast of Tamil cinema. She played her part well in as a fun-loving girl in Velayudham oposite Vijay and followed it up with a catchy role in comedy caper Oru Kal Oru Kannadi.Call it an irony, she is now part of a urban humour flick Settai, a remake of Hindi hit Delhi Belly. She says, ' I enjoy doing comical sequences in Settai. Director Kannan has made changes to suit Tamil audience well'.Meanwhile her next Telugu venture Denikaina Ready starring Vishnu Manchu in the lead is also a hilarious entertainer.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327487", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to take up rural road issue with Centre", "text": "KOLKATA: In another possible rift with the Centre, the state has not taken lightly the stand by Union rural development ministry on development of morrum (red stone) rural roads.The ministry, led by Jairam Ramesh , has recently stated that 18000km of morrum rural roads can't be developed under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY)in Bengal. Sources in the state panchayat and rural development department revealed that chief minister Mamata Banerjee may take up the matter with its counterpart in the Centre.Approval under PMGSY is needed for converting rural roads - commonly known as morrum roads - into metalled ones. On May 5, a day after the CM met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Ramesh had come to Kolkata to meet state panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee and agreed to sanction Rs 2,000 crore for converting 5,733 km of morrum roads into metalled ones. Another Rs 2,000 crore was sanctioned for constructing 4,000 km of new roads in current fiscal.But the chief minister wanted 18,000 km of morrum roads to be brought under the PMGSY, either for conversion into metalled roads or to be earmarked as new roads to be constructed. The panchayat and rural development department has been lobbying for the funds for months now. Officials said the CM wants to improve these roads because she doesn't consider those as morrum and has, instead, tagged them as roads made of red sand which are washed away every monsoon.During a meeting with panchayat department officials on April 23 in New Delhi, Ramesh had rejected the proposal for reviving the project. The delegation from Bengal had sought funds under PMGSY for different stretches in Bengal. But the erstwhile Left Front government had already declared that these roads were connected by 6,000 habitations.According to panchayat ministry norms, funds under PMGSY can be provided if the roads are not connected by streets and habitations. The Mamata Banerjee-government's claim that these roads are not connected by streets leading to habitations was not fully accepted by the Union ministry. But the new government insists on designating these roads as 'not connected to streets' so that funds can be sanctioned under PMGSY, saying these roads should not be treated as pucca roads.State panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee said: \"The Union minister had said he was open to take up the road projects under repairs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gangtok", "code": "13355104", "title": "Sikkim to host sustainable mountain development summit", "text": "GANGTOK: Sikkim is set to host the second Sustainable Mountain Development Summit here from May 25. The summit would focus on water, mountain livelihood and communities and forests. The summit also aims to discuss the policy framework around these themes and suggest interventions to make them more relevant.Speaking to PTI, P D Rai, an MP from Sikkim, who is also the convener of the summit said that IMI is a civil society movement that aims to bring stakeholders of the mountain and hill states on a common platform to discuss issues related to the development of the mountains and hill regions and communities, evolve consensus on priorities and action plan.A number of side events including a Himalayan Photography competition, calculation of carbon footprint of the summit, planting tree saplings and other measures for offsetting the carbon footprint would also be organised.Chief minister Pawan Chamling and Union DoNER minister Paban Ghatowar will inaugurate the summit. Over 250 delegates from 11 mountain and hill states, would be deliberating on key issues of the Himalayan region at the two-day summit, organised by the Indian Mountain Initiative (IMI) here.Members of Parliament and state assemblies of Arunachal Pradesh , Meghalaya, Uttarakhand and Sikkim will also attend the summit.The summit is organized by the Ecotourism and Conservation Society of Sikkim (ECOSS) and co-organised by Central Himalayan Environment Association (CHEA). The first such summit was held at Nainital, Uttarakhand on May 21 and 22 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328978", "title": "14 drunk drivers sent to jail", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a major move to ensure that tipplers are kept off the road, city police have started invoking strict measures against drunk drivers and have sent 14 people, including four wheeler drivers to Coimbatore Prison after they were produced before a magistrate and remanded to judicial custody on Sunday.The move is expected to act as a strong deterrent to drunken driving, the city police say. This is the first time police are taking measures to ensure tipplers are put behind bars. Since violatiors have to serve jail time, they will think twice before getting on city streets after downing a few pegs.\"There have been numerous accidents in the city involving drunk drivers and some of them are so inebriated that they do not realize the seriousness of taking a life or causing an accident. We have decided to deal with them in the strictest possible manner,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy comissioner of police (Traffic and Crime).The move against drunk driving will be conducted during morning hours too, as it is found that many people drive under the influence of alcohol during the day too. Out of the 14, three people were arrested during the day. City police are now booking these traffic violators under section 279 of the Indian Penal Code and section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act.The IPC section deals with those driving their vehicles in a rash manner on the streets, while the motor vehicles act is to book those driving vehicles with excess alcohol content in their blood. All offenders were subjected to a medical test to detect the level of alcohol before they were remanded to judicial custody.Coimbatore: In a major move to ensure that tipplers are kept away from the driving seat, the city police have started invoking strict measures against drunk drivers and have sent 14 people, including four wheeler drivers to Coimbatore Prison after they were produced before a magistrate and remanded to judicial custody on Sunday.The move is expected to act as a strong deterrent to those planning to hit the street after downing a peg or two claimed senior police officials. This is the first time ever the police are taking measures to ensure that tipplers are put behind iron bars in the city.\"There have been numerous accidents in the city involving drunk drivers and some of them are so inebriated that they do not even realize that they have caused an accident or taken a life. We have decided to deal with them in the strictest possible manner,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police (Traffic and Crime).The drive against drunk driving will be conducted during morning hours also as it has been found that a large number of people are using vehicles under the influence of alcohol during daytime. Out of the 14, three people were arrested during the day and the remaining in the evening. The city police are now booking these traffic rule violators under section 279 of the Indian Penal Code and section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act.The IPC section deals with those driving their vehicles in a rash manner on the streets, while the motor vehicles act section is to book those driving vehicles with excess alcohol content in their blood. All offenders were subjected to medical test to detect the level of alcohol before they were remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13329811", "title": "Clashes at McLeodganj restaurant leaves many injured", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: McLeodganj on Saturday night witnessed clashes after the IPL match, when fans tried to force their way into a restaurant to meet celebrities inside.This happened near Mcllo Restaurant around 10pm. A 25-year-old youth from Jammu and Kashmir was critically injured on being hit by a bottle, while five persons suffered minor wounds.Windowpanes of the two restaurants --Mcllo and Hot Spot - were smashed. SHO of McLeodganj police station Gurbachan Singh said, \"A case has been registered but we have not been able to trace the accused as yet. Investigation is on. The injured man, Beant Singh, 26, is being medically examined.\" Waiter at the Hot Spot restaurant Surinder said, \"People took away cartons of cold drinks and ransacked the place.\"Restaurant owner said a loss of Rs 30,000 is expected. \"We have not sponsored any party and Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) is in no way responsible for the untoward incident,\" said HPCA spokesperson Sanjay Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13344126", "title": "Three cheers for Karthika", "text": "Kho girl Karthika is smiling all the way. The actress flush with the success of Telugu hit Dammu opposite NTR Jr is busy doing three films in Tamil.Says Karthika, 'I am shooting for Sattam Oru Iruttarai, being produced by actor Vijay starring thespian Sivaji Ganesan's grandson Vikram Prabhu in the lead role.'Also Bharathiraja sir's Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum is almost 60 percent complete and it is a role that I am so excited about. It is a great honour to work under Bharathiraja sir and I play a character in her three stages of life- teenage, mature and old.'Meanwhile buzz is that she has also signed a film with Vishal titled MGR being directed by Sundar C.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13323298", "title": "Sperm donation fad, thanks to Bollywood", "text": "NEW DELHI: Until five years ago, sperm donation was almost unheard of. But all of a sudden, it has become fad, thanks to a handful of recent Bollywood movies. Doctors and those running sperm banks say there has been a tremendous increase in donor numbers. This they ascribe it to certain advantages enjoyed by donors - the guarantee of anonymity and more awareness about the process. And there is a rising demand for Indian sperms even in Europe and America.\"With films and media attention, there is more awareness now, so there is a bigger pool of qualified donors,\" says Dr Anoop Gupta, medical director, Delhi IVF and Fertility Research Centre.Dr Iqbal Meheidi, director, Cryobank, says most potential donors don't meet the eligibility criteria. \"We receive up to 10 calls a day from potential donors. They are boys, married men or older men, so we have to turn them back. We also refuse people often because we don't need it,\" he says.JD (name changed), a first time donor, says he was inspired by the movie Road Trip where the protagonists visit a sperm bank to fund their trip. And a donor can earn anything between Rs 500 and Rs 2,000 per trip to a sperm bank. The money is given as commuting charges, yet youngsters see this as a way to earn fast buck. \"I get Rs 2,000 a week from my parents, but I want to add to my pocket money,\" JD says, adding that he is a \"party animal\".JD is only 19. According to guidelines issued by Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR), a donor must be between 21 and 45 years of age. But since there isn't a law to govern such assisted reproductive techniques (ART), and these guidelines, too, are non-statutory, violations are rampant.Conception through donated sperm is fraught with risks. Reputed sperm banks that follow ICMR and World Health Organization guidelines scrutinize medical history of potential donors, check their samples for quality and infections like Hepatitis-B, HIV, Chlamydia and other sexually transmitted diseases, preserve the samples for a quarantine period of six months, and then perform a repeat screening. ICMR guidelines don't allow the same donor for over 10 successful pregnancies. Some sperm banks don't continue a donor for over a year; but with no legal implications, it is yet another grey area.But for many couples, there's more to an ideal donor than just being medically fit. \"Many patients give us their preferences, even though we screen prospective donors and try to match basic physical attributes as well. They want doctors or engineers, and sometimes they even ask us if the donor is Hindu or Muslim. These need to go,\" says Sanjay Seth, managing director, sperm bank Cryo Genie India Pvt Ltd.Dr Meheidi adds, \"Many couples want sperm from professionals, but they don't realize that no gene can determine profession, only upbringing can.\"\"Couples demand 'IIT + IIM', or 'IAS/ IPS/ Doctor', or 'IIT + CA' - sperms by their clinical cocktail names,\" says D Arun Kumar, chief executive officer of Delhi-based medical tourism firm, Mediescapes India. With Indians excelling in professional fields now, patients from other countries are also looking at Indian sperm donors. \"In the past six months, there has been an increase in foreigners coming to India for sperm donors. Price revision in European ART clinics has made it unaffordable for them in their home. We routinely get at least two patients a month from USA and Europe seeking screened donor sperms,\" he says.Considering it's a topic that's still quite taboo, online forums - where identity is secret and communication virtual - are where exchanges between patients and volunteers thrive. They're easy enough to locate, and there are countless threads with men of all ages and backgrounds volunteering to donate. In some cases, even eager to. Deep, a 24-year-old engineering graduate who is now pursuing an MBA, posts his details on several threads, hoping to find a patient in need.\"It started as a noble cause, and I get money from it, too,\" he says. He started when he was 22, and has since donated seven times already. But the thought of potentially fathering seven children has never crossed his mind. \"I just think that someone will have a child in their life, and be happy, because of me,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "13323358", "title": "National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme workers left at mercy of elements", "text": "NIZAMABAD: In the blistering temperatures of the heat wave which has struck the state, a lack of shelter coupled with the absence of medical care is taking its toll on the workers of the rural job guarantee scheme in the district.Ummaji Chinna Lingam, a resident of Manikbandar village of Makloor mandal, died due to sunstroke on April 27.Lingam fainted while at work at the canal katta on the outskirts of the village and died while undergoing treatment at a private nursing home in Naziabad town. He is survived by his wife and three children. Two others, too, have died of sunstroke - in Bodhan and Dichpalli mandals - recently with hundreds more having taken ill.\"There are no tents at the work place to provide shelter from the sun. Neither is there any medical kit to provide first aid to injured workers. Except for hillocks, there is no other protection from the fierce sun,\" said Nadipi Lingam, Chinna Lingam's brother.With the sun beating down at 44 and 45 degrees Celsius in the district, the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) workers are increasingly being forced to work in what are inhuman conditions with little succour even during breaks.Even though the NREGS Act provides for tents, medical kits and drinking water to be supplied to the workers, these amenities are missing at the sites.The district administration, however, claims that a tent and medical kit has been allotted to each work site, it is often not enough as there are five to ten groups (each consisting of 10 to 12 workers) working at any given location.With a view to escaping the afternoon sun, the work timings have been changed to 5.30am to 11am, said Parsa Sailu, a resident of Mentrajpalli village of Dichpalli mandal.Satla Sayamma suffered an injury to her leg, but this inhabitant of Puppalapalli village of Jakranpalli mandal had to go the mandal hospital since there was no medical kit available at the work site. Injuries are common during work but authorities have done little to provide for such contingencies, she said.Another worker, Dama Mallaiah, said that although the authorities had promised to pay for drinking water and even for some of the equipment they were yet to come up with the money.He said that the workers did carry water from their homes but that was not enough to last them the day.As for the medical kit, apart from accidents and the like, there was also the need to attend to victims of attack by pigs and snake bite.District Water Management Agency (DWMA) project director, M Veerachary said that a tent and medical kit had been supplied to each of the 1,297 habitations in the district where work was going on.The mandal purchases committees had been entrusted with the task of procuring the material, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13334034", "title": "Last surviving devadasi of Puri temple fasts for Lord Jagannath", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Despite her deteriorating health, 89-year-old Sasimani Devi, said to be the lone surviving devadasi of Jagannath temple in Puri, fasted for the well being of Lord Jagannath on the occasion of Sabitri Brata on Sunday.Considered the human wife of Lord Jagannath, having been married to the deity at the tender age of seven, Sasimani has since been living the life of a celibate.Like other married women , Sasimani too wore new clothes, bangles and sported vermilion on the fast day. \"Lord Jagannath is my husband. It is quite natural to pray for the long life of my husband, who is Lord Jagannath himself,\" said a frail Sashimani. \"Goddess Mahalaxmi is the divine consort of Jagannath. But I am the only living human wife of Jagannath,\" the octogenarian maintained.\"I did not marry anyone because I was married to Jagannath,\" said Sasimani, who lives in the house of one of her admirers in Dolamandap Sahi, a stone's throw from the 12th century shrine.Though she stays in close proximity to Jagannath temple, her ailing health is a major deterrent to visiting the temple. \"She cannot walk anymore. She broke her ankles after being attacked by a bull two years ago,\" said Mahari dancer Rupashree Mahapatra, who learnt some devadasi dance steps from Sasimani.Sasimani said she stopped dancing in the temple when she was nearly 40. Sources said around 20 devadasis used to dance in the temple in 1920s. By 1980s, however, only four devadasis, including Sasimani were left in Puri. Characteristic to the devadasi tradition, they used to dance in front of the deities during various rituals. The practice faced extinction apparently in 1970s due to certain technical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327707", "title": "Foreigners join drive to keep Qutub Minar clean", "text": "NEW DELHI: Next time you visit Qutub Minar, take care not to litter. Or you may just find yourself being forced to pick it up and junk it in the bin by a volunteer. You better keep toilets in the complex clean and don't scribble on the pillars and walls. As part of the Clean India campaign, volunteers will interact with visitors everyday to keep the world heritage monument clean.Volunteers met on Sunday to start the campaign, conceived by Indian Tourism Development Corporation under the tourism ministry. ITDC has been networking for almost a year with various agencies like MCD and the traffic department to make it a success. The toilets, both outside and inside the complex, have been renovated recently; a portion of the compound, which used to be a guesthouse, is being converted into a cafeteria. Other plans include maintenance of the parking, setting up proper drinking water kiosks and creating more space for visitors to sit.Five to six volunteers will be at Qutub everyday starting Monday for almost a month to talk to visitors and supervise the campaign. Qutub Minar has been chosen for the project because it gets about 20,000 to 25,000 visitors every weekend and is probably the most visited heritage site in Delhi.Most volunteers are foreigners, who are in India for a year to take part in voluntary teaching projects with Prayas, an NGO, which has partnered with ITDC for the campaign. Qutub Minar, they say, is a magnificent heritage site that needs utmost care. \"We will ask visitors not to scribble on pillars and not to litter. We have visited other important monuments like Taj and feel strongly about keeping tourist sites clean,\" said Moira (20) from Germany.Annie (20) and Lukas (19) added that plastic bags and bottles were behind the mess. \"We also urge visitors to take care of their belongings and report to security immediately if there is any theft or crime. We hope the campaign will help change habits of people,\" Lukas said.ITDC chairman Lalit Panwar said, \"Qutub Minar is the pilot project of the Clean India campaign.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13326886", "title": "Devi Ahilya university may get a vice-chancellor soon", "text": "INDORE: The wait for permanent vice-chancellor at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) seems to be over. The VC search panel has proposed the names of the candidates for the post to the governor for his final nod. It is likely that governor may select a candidate for the top post on Monday.According to sources, the meeting of the panel was held on Sunday, in which members namely I V Trivedi, Sudarshan Sharma and SP Dixit have forwarded list of five names to the governor in a sealed envelope. Rumors are rife that nearly 10 candidates from city itself were in the fray for the post.As per the rules, governor, who is also the chancellor of the state universities, Ram Naresh Yadav will announce the name of the new VC. Governor can reject the recommended names altogether if he finds none of them fit for the coveted post. In that case, the search panel will have to come up with fresh list of recommendations.Former VC, P K Mishra had put in his papers on December 7 last year. Since then, Prof Rajkamal is the officiating VC. Days after resignation of Mishra, Raj Bhawan initiated the process for formation of VC search panel that has one representative each from the university's Executive Council, University Grants Commission and Raj Bhawan.On January 21, the executive committee nominated Indra Vardhan Trivedi, vice-chancellor of Mohan Lal Sukhadia University (MLSU), as its representative for V-C search panel while UGC chairman's representative was RR Sharma and retired justice of Allahabad high court, Shiv Charan Sharma represented the Raj Bhawan. Justice Sharma was also nominated as chairman of the panel.However, the Raj Bhawan received a jolt when UGC representative RR Sharma quit as a member of the panel. Following his resignation, UGC nominated former vice-chancellor of IGNOU, HP Dixit, as its new representative in the VC search panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13321591", "title": "Chennai in playoffs as Bangalore lose to Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"Don't want to finish last, also knocking a big side out of the tournament is an incentive,\" Team Hyderabad skipper Kumar Sangakkara had said after the toss. After packing off Rajasthan on Friday, Hyderabad produced another spirited display to thwart Bangalore's hopes of making it to the playoffs with a nine-run win at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, on Sunday evening.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsIn the process, Hyderabad did Chennai a big favour as the defending champions clinched the last place in the playoffs by virtue of a better run-rate. Hyderabad too did themselves a big favour by pushing Pune down to the last spot in the points table.Bangalore, who had to win this match to book their playoff spot, seemed to have done their homework quite well. And after the bowlers had put up a splendid show to restrict Hyderabad to 132 for seven, Chris Gayle came out all guns blazing. The West Indian hammered Manpreet Gony for three fours and two sixes in the second over of the innings and it looked as if the visitors would romp to an easy win.However, Hyderabad spearhead Dale Steyn, who was taken to the cleaners by AB de Villiers in their earlier match, seemed to have different ideas. The South African produced a blistering spell of fast bowling to put Bangalore on the back foot.The free-flowing Gayle met his match in the fiery Steyn. The speedster softened the West Indian with a superb bouncer. A flustered Gayle (27; 10b, 3x4, 2x6) made room to cut the next ball but only succeeded in chopping it onto his stumps. Steyn then had Tillakaratne Dilshan leg before and leggie Amit Mishra got into the act by sending back the dangerous AB de Villiers and Mayank Agarwal in the same over to put the brakes on Bangalore.Saurabh Tiwary, who had retired hurt on 2 because of cramps when the score was 40/2, came back at the fall of Agarwal's wicket and with skipper Virat Kohli steadied the innings. The duo stitched a 37-ball 46 for the fifth wicket to keep Bangalore in the game. However, Kohli (42; 40b, 2x4, 2x6) fell in the 16th over and that left the visitors 30 to win.The Hyderabad bowlers didn't choke under pressure this time as they dashed the visitors' hopes as they finished with 123 for nine.Earlier, Hyderabad, put into bat by Kohli, had a miserable start as Shikhar Dhawan, their top scorer this season, was cleaned up by a Zaheer Khan delivery in the first over of the game. Thereafter, nothing really went Hyderabad's way as they lost two more wickets to be reduced to three for 20 in the fifth over.It was a grind from thereon as Sangakkara and JP Duminy tried to rebuild the innings. The duo added 31 for the fourth wicket but the going was terribly slow. Sangakkara fell in the 12th over while trying to get some momentum as Bangalore literally chocked the rivals. However, the huge turn-out had something to cheer in the later part of the innings as Duminy took it upon himself to steer Hyderabad to a decent score.The South African, who later took three catches on the field, took a heavy toll of Zaheer Khan and Muralitharan in the 17th and 18th overs, hitting four sixes and a four in those two overs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332486", "title": "Mahantesh murder case: Family fears a cover-up is on the cards", "text": "BANGALORE: Is there a cover-up under way to close the SP Mahantesh murder case? Some officials and police allegedly pressured his family members to get their acceptance to convert the case of attack on Mahantesh into an accident case, even as the official lay battling for life in hospital.\"They tried to convince his wife Poornima, asking her to let them treat it as an accident case. But all of us said a firm no, asking how we could do that,\" a family member said on condition of anonymity. \"Mahantesh was under immense pressure. But he never disclosed anything to us as he rarely discussed office matters at home,\" the relative said.Police sources hinted that there is likelihood of the course of investigation changing and the attack being traced to personal enmity. They said that a murderous attack could be blamed as a retaliation to an affair one of his relatives had with a woman. Mahantesh reportedly intervened to resolve the issue and the girl's side was said to be upset with him, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13323606", "title": "High court clears the way for new ambulance service", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is a step closer to rolling out the Maharashtra Emergency Medical Services (MEMS). The Bombay high court recently dismissed a writ petition challenging the state health department's procedure for selecting the bidder.Through a tendering process, the government finalized Pune-based BVG India for the project, which aims to offer medical assistance to accident victims and critical patients during the crucial first hour, known as the golden hour. The firm has formed a consortium with a UK-based ambulance service provider for operating 972 hi-tech vehicles in the state. However, the other bidder, GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute, challenged the selection process in court.The Bombay high court dismissed the petition of the Andhra Pradesh-based company while hearing the case last week. GVK, in its petition, alleged that the government did not adhere to norms during the tendering process and urged the court to cancel the tender awarded to the Pune company.\"The bidding process has been done. But the letter of intent (LOI) was not issued to the qualified bidder as there was a case pending in the court. Since the court has dismissed the petition against the government, the procedure to roll out the services will soon begin,\" said Suresh Shetty, public health minister.According to officials, of the 937 ambulances that the government intends to purchase, 235 will have advanced life support systems and the remaining 702 will have basic life support systems.Bhushan Gagrani, secretary, public health department, said, \"The stay on the project continues till July 16 as the high court has given time to the petitioner to appeal against the order in the Supreme Court. If the petitioner doesn't appeal within the stipulated time frame, then from July 17, the process to issue the LOI and work order to the selected company will be initiated by the department.\"According to health department officials, the project cost is around Rs 900 crore and if there is no more litigation, the service will take around six to 12 months to be rolled out in Mumbai, Thane, Nagpur and other parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13330593", "title": "Unorganized sector not availing welfare schemes", "text": "KOCHI: A study on unorganized labourers conducted by the Kerala Labour Movement (KLM) reveals that majority of unorganized labourers are not able to avail the various welfare schemes.It states that trade union leaders in the district should focus on the various issues faced by unorganized workers, who constitute 89% of the total working population in Ernakulam.The study conducted by Martin Patrick, a retired professor of economics from Maharaja's College, says that many in the field are facing occupational and wage discrimination. \"Many establishments, including manufacturing firms, hospitals, schools and shops prefer to appoint women as labourers as they need to be given only a meagre salary and can be exploited easily,\" says Patrick.Women labourers are usually paid less when compared to men working in the same sector and this discrimination in wage is seen mainly in the construction sector and among saleswomen. The study highlights that of the total workforce of the unorganized labourers, 20% are working in the organized sector and 69% are from the unorganized sector. When it comes to gender classification the workforce is dominated by men with 76% while women constitute only a meagre 24%. Patrick points out that the reason for this difference is that though women are educated, they tend to stay back at home rather than going out for work.Another major highlight of the study is that there was drastic increase in the number of migrant labourers in the district when compared to 2001 figures. In the last 10 years, the total labourers migrated to the district went up to 7.25% from 2.35%. The trend seen is that among the interstate migrant labourers, 70% of the population represents people from Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Odisha.KLM state president Joy Gothuruth said the study was conducted by the labour movement of Kerala Catholic Bishops Council (KCBC) as the issues of unorganized labourers are usually neglected and they need to be structured so that they are not deprived of their rights. \"At present, there is no clear data of unorganized and migrant labourers in the district and we wanted to fill that gap,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327679", "title": "Cops find 181 pre-activated SIM cards near DIG's home", "text": "LUCKNOW: Recovery of around 181 pre-activated SIM cards kept in a hand bag on the roadside right in front of a mall near the residence of DIG Lucknow on Sunday evening created flutters and raised questions on the working of telecom companies.The total number SIM cards included 138 SIM cards of Reliance Telecom and around 43 SIM cards of Airtel. However, what has left the cops puzzled is the fact that how any person can carry pre-activated SIM cards in such a huge quantity.According to reports, some passerby came rushing towards the mall outpost incharge informing him about some bag lying unattended in front of the gate number 4 at the mall. The cop rushed to spot and after confirming that no bomb-like structure was there in the bag, opened it and found pack of pre-paid SIM cards.Senior police officials also rushed to the spot. Circle officer Dinesh Yadav said, \"When the SIM cards were checked randomly, it was found that all of them are pre-activated.\" He said on Monday, officials of the two companies will be approached and would be asked about the agent who was given these SIM cards and who left these SIM cards on the roadside and why. The CO said, \"With reports that SIM cards are being used by terrorists and naxalites on fake identity proofs, recovery of pre-activated SIM is a very serious matter.\" The case would be taken to logical end, the circle officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13330699", "title": "It\u2019s a jolly good collection of pens at this painter\u2019s house", "text": "KOCHI: It all started when he stumbled upon a fancy pen at a friend's house six years ago. He liked the design and pocketed it.From then onwards, 47-year-old Vadassery Thomas Jolly has been collecting discarded pens, , almost to the point of obsession. Now the small apartment of this house painter is filled with 17,020 pens of 4,200 varieties.All his pens are neatly stacked in small containers, mostly in small used paint buckets. There are pens from Israel and Norway adding variety to his collection.\"My relatives and priests at our parish gift me pens. Thus, though I haven't travelled outside India, I have pens from 18 different countries,\" said Jolly, not hiding his sense of pride.\"I never thought I could be more than a house painter. Collecting pens have given me so much fame,\" said the painter.He has entered LIMCA Book of Records for three consecutive years for his collection. Recently, Unique World Records, another national recognition, was conferred on him for his collection. Now Jolly is aiming for the Guinness Book of records.Though his wife Daisy is not very keen about the pen collection, which occupies a lot of space in their small house, Jolly's 15-year-old son Effin supports his father. He has a small collection of toy cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "13335429", "title": "135 Eco Task Force, forest department carry out Kokrajhar cleanliness drive", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The forest department, 135 Battalion (Territorial Army) Eco Task Force and Kokrajhar Press Club carried out a cleanliness drive at Jaharbari-Bismuri area in Kokrajhar on Sunday. Starting from Jharbari at 8 in the morning, a group of jawans, forest officials, members of the Kokrajhar Press Club walked for about 16 kms collecting plastic wastes and informing people they came across on their way about their mission. The local youth also participated in the programme. The 135 Eco Task Force won The Times of India's Social Impact award last year for its efforts in afforestation and ecological conservation.The cleanliness drive was organized with the objective of creating awareness about India Recycle Day. The team collected and picked up waste materials from the roadsides. A meeting was also to make people aware of the need of save the earth through less use of plastic materials.Commanding officer of 135 Bn Eco task force Lt Col Kuljit Jaggi, Haltugaon forest divisional officer Dr C Ramesh and members of Kokrajhar Press Club were also present in the programme. The Territorial Army has been extending valuable services to the forest department by helping them in carrying out plantation in the areas earlier encroached by illegal settlers. With the help of the army men and various NGOs, including former Bodo militants, the forest department has been able to stop illegal felling of trees and smuggling of timbers to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13350849", "title": "Apurva &amp; Shilpa Agnihotri caught in raid!", "text": "TV celebs Apurva and Shilpa Agnihotri have been in the news ever since the party they attended yesterday at a suburban hotel got busted by the cops.The story goes that the cops got suspicious of drugs being consumed and circulated at the party, giving them enough reason to halt the merrymaking. But Apurva and Shilpa were not the only ones caught. Sources confirm that IPL players from the Pune Warriors' team Wayne Parnell and Rahul Sharma were detained too and all those held back were taken in for a test where their blood and urine sample were collected.When contacted, Shilpa and Apurva Agnihotri remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13333830", "title": "Mangalore varsity to seek legal opinion on fast track court's order", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University has decided to wait for the order of Puttur fast track court which on Saturday directed the district jail authorities here to make arrangements for Vittala Malekudiya to write his second semester PG examination that begins from Monday. Vittala had appeared for the internal examination recently on court orders.CPM general secretary Prakash Karat hoped that the university would allow him to appear for the examination. \"Since the court has allowed him to do so, I hope the university will not stand by some rules and regulations (and prevent him from taking the tests), he said, adding he has instructed the local party office bearers to pursue the matter with the university.VC TC Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that he was not aware of the order of the fast track court. \"I have instructed the registrar to seek legal opinion on the court directions and act accordingly,\" he said.The VC also dismissed suggestions he had written letter to Belthangady JMFC court informing it about Vittala's attendance shortage. \"As the VC, I only correspond with the chancellor and pro-chancellor,\" he said.Vittala's legal counsel Dinesh Hegde Ulepady said he had handed over the court's order to Vittala and it is now up to his client and the university to resolve the issue. Dinesh had argued in the court that Vittala should not be denied permission as he had 80% attendance prior to his arrest on March 3. University has the powers to permit a student to write examination even if he faces attendance shortage under the penalty clause.\"Seeking legal opinion on the court's order will not take much time. The university did not raise any objection about Vittala's attendance shortage when the examination fee was paid on his behalf,\" the VC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328795", "title": "4-year-old falls into water tank, dies", "text": "GURGAON: A four-year-old child, Subham, died in Sector 43 on Sunday after falling into a water tanker being used for construction work.Bharat Singh, a caretaker of the building site, had approached the Sushant police regarding his missing child. Subham was playing nearby and had accidentally fell into the tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13329589", "title": "Project to relay Kochi roads to start in 2013", "text": "KOCHI: A project to relay 19 city roads is expected to begin next year, as the district administration will submit a revised report on the land acquisition (LA) package this week. Authorities were asked to revise the report they submitted to the revenue department a few months ago.Officials of the Kerala road fund board (KRFB), the implementing agency, said the revenue department had asked them to conduct a social impact study, which is part of the new resettlement and rehabilitation policy of the state government. \"We were asked to do a detailed survey on the classification of land. The study will be based on survey numbers, number of people who are affected and the compensation package. The report has been prepared and it will be submitted within a week,\" an official said.The official added that once the revenue department gives its approval, the initial steps for land acquisition would be mooted. \"Under the present circumstances, we expect officials in the land acquisition section to complete the process in six months. Once the district administration hands over the land to us, the project will be completed in two phases,\" an official said.Meanwhile, land acquisition deputy collector Mohandas Pillai said that land would be acquired using the fast track procedure where both land owners and government will not have to bear a huge loss. \"We are planning to submit the final report to the revenue department in a week. Once we get the administrative sanction, we will complete land acquisition in six months,\" he said.KRFB had prepared the detailed project report to relay 19 city roads in 2007 and received administrative sanction from the public works department (PWD) in 2010. To complete the first phase of the Cochin City Road Improvement Project (CCRIP), RFB will require about 7.52 hectares of land. The expenditure for the same is pegged at around Rs 200 crore. The total project cost is Rs 525.23 crore.BOXMajor city roads that will be revampedPhase 1Kaloor-Kadavanthara RoadVyttila-Thripunithura RoadFort Kochi-Chellanam RoadEdakochi RoadKumaranashan RoadMathai Manjooran RoadSalim Rajan RoadPhase 2Thammanam-Pullepady RoadGoshree-Mamangalam RoadKarshaka link Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326476", "title": "Eishita Lal wins inter-state dance contest", "text": "BHOPAL: Eishita Lal won solo dance competition organised in the Radharaman inter-state dance competition organised in the city on Sunday. Radharaman Jankalyan Samiti organised the event at Ravindra Bhawan.Around 350 students from various parts of Madhya Pradesh and other states participated in the dance competition. The event was organised in four categories, including kids solo, solo, group dance and group dance (classical) categories. Besides, there were special prizes for best steps, best dress and best expressions.In the solo dance category, Eishita stood first after her fabulous performance. Shashi Raje came second in while Rahul Kumar was adjudged third.Impressive performances were witnessed in the group dance category where Shashi and Kalpana group came first. Jasleen group, which also performed well, came second. Third position went to the group of Black Illusion.Kids also enthralled the gathering with their performance. Students in the age group of 6-14 were eligible to participate in kids' category. Shubhi Vyas won the kids solo dance category while second position went to Khushi Agarwal. Muskaan Singh won the third position.Group of Shreya Gupta won the classical group dance category. Jyoti Gour group and Divya Aale group came second and third respectively in the same category.Former director general of Doordarshan PN Jhingran was the chief guest of the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328629", "title": "Tension in Mudis over death of man", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed in the Mudis area of Valparai on Sunday following the death of a 45-year-old painter, who was attacked by a five-member gang on Friday. Locals have alleged threatening and intimidation of the gang as the reasons for the death of V Kisha alias Anandakumar, who died of cardiac arrest on Saturday. Police have registered a case and the body was sent for postmortem.According to police, Kisha was commissioned by Shanmuga Sundaram to paint his house at Sulur in 2010. Thereafter, Sundaram and some of his friends had troubled Kisha alleging that he had stolen five sovereigns of gold and Rs 10,000 from Sundaram's house. On Friday, the gang had attacked Kisha, who sustained injuries and was admitted at a Valparai hospital. Kisha was discharged from the hospital at around 5pm on Saturday after the treatment. But he died when he reached his house at around 6.30pm. Police have confirmed that Kisha came under the attack of Sundaram and his four friends on Friday.The gang had left for Sulur at around 6.30pm on Friday after attacking Kisha. Based on a complaint from relatives of Kisha, police have picked up Sundaram and his friends Ramesh, Durai, Rajamania and Rajesh for questioning. Police are also awaiting postmortem report for further action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325449", "title": "National monsoon mission project to predict monsoon cycles more precisely", "text": "PUNE: The national monsoon mission project, approved by the Union Cabinet recently, will divulge more reliable and improved forecast of weather and climate. The Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), Pune, under the Ministry of Earth Sciences, is the nodal agency of the project.The five-year project is expected to deliver quantifiable improvement in forecasting extreme events, such as flood and drought years, active and dry spells of monsoon, flash floods, monsoon depressions. It will also predict sea surface temperature.Prof B N Goswami, director of national monsoon mission, told TOI that the project uses high resolution coupled ocean atmospheric model, which gives information on both atmosphere and ocean. The goal is to provide improved monsoon forecast.The project uses high resolution (38 km x 38 km grid area) global coupled ocean-atmosphere model that provides more precise and accurate Indian monsoon predictions. Thus, there is a chance of getting information on how monsoon rainfall will be distributed throughout India.IITM Pune will coordinate and work on improving prediction skill of active and break spells of monsoon and seasonal mean monsoon prediction. And the National Centre for Medium Range Weather Forecasting (NCMRWF), Noida, will coordinate for medium (up to 10 days) and short (2-3 days) range weather prediction.Suryachandra A Rao, scientist, IITM, Pune, and project coordinator said the work has already started on an experimental basis. \"At present, we are making changes to the coupled model adopted from the National Centres for Environmental Prediction (NCEP), US. With the completion of the project, we will have an Indian model that will provide better forecast,'' he said.\"Until recently, empirical models were used for operational forecast. This is for the first time that for making seasonal and extended range prediction of active or break cycles of monsoon, we are using dynamical coupled ocean atmosphere models in the country. Using coupled models has much more advantages as one can gather more information than empirical model. One can get monsoon prediction with geographical distribution,'' he said.Citing an example, he said, even though monsoon season lasts for four months (June to September), monsoon rainfall is punctuated by active or break spells with in the season. Under this project, we will be able to make predictions of active or break spells of monsoon. At present, the operational forecast does not give any information on the same.The national monsoon mission involves research and development and will be a multi-institutional effort, collaborating with national and international partners. Within the ministry of earth sciences, different institutions are actively contributing to the project. In this project, atmospheric and oceanic information for the prediction is gathered from NCMRWF and Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS), Hyderabad, respectively. IMD will do the operational forecasting, he added.National monsoon mission :* Forecast extreme events such as flood and drought years* Forecast active and dry spells of monsoon* Forecast flash floods and monsoon depressions* Predict sea surface temperature* Chance of getting information on how monsoon rainfall will be distributed throughout India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13329359", "title": "Swedish author Jan Myrdal denies advising Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Swedish author and columnist Jan Myrdal, known for his close interaction with Indian Maoists since the 1980s, has denied advising the Naxals and supporting their armed struggle as claimed by the government.In response to the home ministry planning to ban his visits to India, Myrdal said, \"Government officials, in Sweden as elsewhere, seldom strike me as being very clever but this report from Delhi shows the present home ministry officials in India as unusually incompetent. There was nothing strange about my visit to India this year. I had letters from my publisher and the Kolkata Book Fair, asked for and got a one-month conference visa to launch my book 'Red Star Over India: Impressions, Reflections and Discussions when the Wretched of the Earth are Rising'.\"Minister of state for home Jitendra Singh had recently told Rajya Sabha, \"Myrdal during his stay in India advised CPI (Maoist) to garner support from the middle class in India by focusing on propaganda against security forces and highlighting human rights issues.\"Reacting to that, Myrdal said, \"I attended different meetings and conferences in Kolkata, Hyderabad, Ludhiana and Delhi. According to the agreement with the authorities when I arrived, they were continuously informed about where I stayed and where I made public speeches.\"He added, \"Everything I said in India is either printed or available on the Net. I have, of course, not done anything as stupid as giving political advice to Indian friends.\"Myrdal said he had personally sent a copy of his book 'Red Star Over India' to home minister P Chidambaram. He was in India in January-February for the launch of his book at the Kolkata Book Fair.\"The book, that I had sent to the home minister personally, has now reached its second English language edition and is being published in Bengali (also for Bangladesh), Hindi, Punjabi, Tamil and Telugu (other contracts being discussed). In Europe, it has been translated to German, Italian, Norwegian and Swedish. Internationally, it is available as an e-book and on the net,\" Myrdal said.In February, Myrdal had told TOI, \"There is even a negative possibility... (about the Maoist movement in India), it could even end as a bloody civil war which they (Maoists) may not survive.\" He had traveled to Bastar's core area two years ago and interacted extensively with CPI-Maoist cadres and leaders, including party general secretary Ganapathy. His interview of Ganapathy was the last face-to-face interaction of a journalist that was published.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13348206", "title": "Beauty and the Beast adapted for Sony TV", "text": "After churning hits like 'Diya Aur Baati Hum' and 'Punar Vivah', producers Shashi-Sumeet Mittal are all set to launch a unique love story for Sony TV. Adapted from the story of Beauty and the Beast, this love story is about a young guy who is an immensely popular Radio Jockey who has a murky side to his life as he is not good looking.The story reaches an interesting point when he falls in love with an extremely beautiful girl. Hina Parmar, who is currently seen as Saraswati in 'Main Lakshmi Tere Aangan Ki' on Life OK has been roped in to play a pivotal role in the show. She will play the girl next door and her role is said to be loosely inspired from Amrita Rao's character from the film 'Vivah' .When contacted Sumeet Mittal said, \" Yes, I am making a pilot for Sony TV but I really can't comment on the concept .\" We also spoke to Hina Parmar, she said, \" Yes, I am doing the show but it's too early to talk about it .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13335284", "title": "Loitam case: Northeast students want CBI probe", "text": "BANGALORE: Seeking a fresh impetus to the probe into the case of Richard Loitam, 19, who was found dead under mysterious circumstances in his hostel room, nearly 200 youngsters representing several northeast students associations staged a protest at Town Hall on Sunday.The protest was organized jointly by the Committee on Justice for Richard and the Facebook group created to campaign for justice in the case.Expressing displeasure over the pace of investigation in the case, the group asked the state government for a fresh probe. The activists also demanded that a second opinion be sought on Loitam's postmortem report and the case be handed over to any central investigating agency like the CBI. \"We do not want police to close the case or change any facts. Last heard, police were suspecting 'unnatural' death of Richard and not his murder - this is uncalled for. The facts must be looked into and investigated upon,\" said Monika Khangembam, an activist campaigning for the rights of north-east students in Bangalore.PLEA TO CHIEF MINISTERRepresentatives of North-East Students' Group on Saturday met chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and submitted a memorandum to him. It reiterated that the Committee on Justice for Richard had complete confidence in the state administration but in the interest of justice to Loitam's family and students from northeastern states, a second opinion on the postmortem must be sought from a Central Forensic Laboratory and fresh investigation be conducted by a central agency.Copies of the memorandum have also been forwarded to the governor, the home minister, vice-chairperson of National Commission for Minorities HT Sangliana , chief secretary of Karnataka , principal secretary (home ) of Karnataka , director general and inspector general of police of Karnataka and the commissioner of police, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343529", "title": "Billa 2 on 9 June", "text": "Billa 2 starring Ajith, directed by Chakri Toleti, is all set for release on 9 June. The movie was shot over 103 days across Hyderabad, Vishakapatnam, Goa, Mumbai, Kashid and Georgia.Music is by Yuvan Shankar Raja, who is said to have worked with foreign musicians for this film The movie has special dardevil stunt sequences and is supposedly a prequel to Billa, directed by Vishnuvardhan.It chronicles the rise of an ordinary youth David Billa as international don.Ajith's stylish looks and teasers have impressed one and all and expectations are running sky-high now.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346525", "title": "Tributes pour in for tragic Bee Gees star Robin Gibb", "text": "Fellow musicians and fans have been remembering Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb, who died on Sunday after his long battle with colon and liver cancer.The singer was 62 when he died and had provided decades of chart hits with the band including 'Night Fever' and 'Stayin' Alive'.Broadcaster Paul Gambaccini said Gibb was \"talented beyond even his own understanding\".\"Everyone should be aware that the Bee Gees are second only to Lennon and McCartney as the most successful songwriting unit in British popular music,\" the Mirror quoted Gambaccini as saying.\"Their accomplishments have been monumental.\"Not only have they written their own number one hits, but they wrote huge hit records for Barbra Streisand, Diana Ross, Dionne Warwick, Celine Dion, Destiny's Child, Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers, the list goes on and on.\"What must also be said is Robin had one of the best white soul voices ever. He was singing lead on his first number one when he was 17, that was Massachusetts,\" he said.Family friend and DJ Mike Read also spoke on the singer's passing away.\"There was a sort of inevitability because he has been ill for so long. I was texting his wife earlier today and said how was he and she said 'not good' but he has been not good before so I didn't think anything terribly ultimate was going to happen immediately.\"He had a great gift for pathos, more than any other singer I know.\"His voice could make you cry, it was just incredible. He had a great voice and was a great writer,\" he said.Robin Gibb and the Bee Gees both became the top trending topics on Twitter within moments after he was announced dead.Australian pop singer Dannii Minogue gave her tribute to the legendary artist saying: \"We start believin' now that we can be who we are - Grease is the word...\" RIP Robin Gibb.Canadian rocker Bryan Adams tweeted: \"Robin Gibb RIP. Very sad to hear about yet another great singer dying too young.\"Former Simply Red singer wrote: \"RIP Robin Gibb. A musical giant.\"Former Westlife star Brian McFadden also paid tribute, saying: \"Rip robin Gibb. I hope you're at peace now.\"Glen Power, of Irish band The Script, used the band's official Twitter page to say: \"R.I.P. Robin Gibb.\"We met Robin+Barry in NY. Such a lovely guy. Prayers 2 his family. 2 many Legends being taken from us 2 early :( G.\"Eighties rock band Duran Duran posted on their account: \"Sorry to hear about the passing of Robin Gibb of the BeeGees. Our condolences to his friends and family.\"The Script's Twitter account carried the message: \"R.I.P. Robin Gibb. We met Robin+Barry in NY. Such a lovely guy. Prayers 2 his family. 2 many Legends being taken from us 2 early\"Glee actor Damian McGinty added: \"RIP Robin Gibb. True genius. what a year this has been. we have lost so many great people.\"Former Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott wrote: \"Just heard about Robin Gibb.\"A good friend, a brilliant musician and a man who turned all of us into wannabe Travoltas!\"Rest in peace Robin,\" Prescott added.A statement from Sony Music on Twitter said: \"Rest in peace, Robin Gibb. Thanks for the music.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "13329773", "title": "Dad trains Yashi to rule table tennis table", "text": "HAIBOWAL: Watching Yashi Sharma around a table tennis table explains her tryst with the game is older than her age. The 11-year-old girl, who recently won an under-12 singles title of a district level TT tournament held in Punjab Agricultural University, is the daughter of national level TT player Tapinder Sharma.This wasn't the first title Yashi claimed as she already figures among the top 10 TT players in under-12 age group in the country. One of the best players in the state in her age group, Yashi says, ''I commenced playing TT four years ago as my father's achievements in the game inspired me. When I told my parents I wanted to play TT, dad got a TT table in house and we started playing for recreation initially.'' But, soon she found herself engrossed in the game like her father, adds Yashi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332627", "title": "Legal information for people", "text": "As an intern I was among a group of students from different disciplines from across the world passionate about similar issuesAt a time when education has become interdisciplinary in nature, Arpitha Upendra Kodiveri, a Young India Fellow's work with issues of environmental protection, tribal rights and conservation through the interdisciplinary lens gave her a strong grounding in these areas.\"While in my third year in law school, I began to explore environmental law. I was given an opportunity to present a paper at the SP Sathe National Conference on Project Tiger and to examine whether it was a conservation effort or a failure. As I researched for this paper I was introduced to the work done by Kalpavriksh, an NGO. During the course of my internship I assisted Pune Tree Watch in the formulation of a dossier of all environmental laws and policies such that it can be understood by the ordinary citizen while giving relevant information,\" says Kodiveri.\"The key learning for me having worked in an interdisciplinary team comprising an engineer, economist and another lawyer interested in human rights issues, was the need for the incorporation of different disciplines while thinking about environmental law and policy. The presence of such diverse members only made the research stronger as we were able to look at it from varied perspectives ,\" she adds.Her research in the area of environmental law introduced her to the work of Thomas Berry, a renowned cultural historian who talked about earth jurisprudence.\"Here they call for the rights of nature to be legally recognised and protected . I thought of this as a novel approach and was given a chance to explore this further as an intern at the Yale University Centre of Interdisciplinary Bioethics under the guidance of John Grim, professor, and a student of Thomas Berry. As an intern I was among a group of students from different disciplines from across the world passionate about similar issues and indulged in a curriculum that spoke of bioethics from the lens of connected disciplines. It was here that I truly realised the importance of interdisciplinary research in the area of environmental law and policy as I worked on a paper looking at the legal and ethical aspects of genetically modified food. As I was researching for the paper, I interacted with biotechnologists to gain a better scientific understanding of the problem and often referred to disciplines other than law, like environmental ethics, industrial ecology and ecological economics to critique the current legal framework, which made for a much richer analysis,\" says Kodiveri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13333489", "title": "Modelling, music &amp; karate spice up camps this summer in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Summer camps are cool this season as organizers are introducing a variety of contents to help students take a break from the heat. Apart from dance, music, art and crafts, the students are getting to learn yoga, karate, modeling and personality development.Mrigashi Jaiswal, who is organizing such a camp, said, \"The number of children enrolling has increased this year by about 40 per cent because of the introduction of new courses.\" Almost every school or dance and music academy is organizing summer camps for children between four and 15 so that they can learn something new and creative.Aniruddh Mehta, another organizer of camps, said, \"Summer vacation is a time when children have a lot of free time but don't know how to utilize it. The camps help children to learn new skills while having fun.\" Almost 500 students are participating in the summer camp organized by Army School. Principal Abhay Kumar Singh said, \"Children will be given tips about dance, yoga, karate, art and crafts, sports and music. This way the children will spend quality time during the holidays.\"The summer camp organized by Nrityatal Dance Academy is attracting a lot of aspiring models and actors. Director Namita Singh said, \"We teach them how to walk the ramp. We also have personality development courses. Girls, aged around 15, are regularly coming for these camps.\"Apart from summer camps, local artists are also organizing a month's course in art and crafts. Ankita Gupta, a housewife and an amateur artist, said, \"I feel happy when I teach children and it also helps me earn some money. I teach painting, handicrafts, candle-making and embroidery.\" Parents feel relived sending their wards to summer camps where they are utilizing their time constructively. Working mother Neelam Sinha said, \"It is not possible for me to stay at home with my son during his vacations. And every summer vacation you cannot go on a holiday. But if he goes to a summer camp, he can remain busy, happy and lean something.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13353637", "title": "Microsoft launches So.cl network", "text": "Software giant Microsoft has launched So.cl (pronounced \"social\"), a social 'network' that was tested by university students in 2011. According to Microsoft, So.cl is an experimental research project developed by the company's FUSE Labs focused on exploring the possibilities of social search for the purpose of learning.The service per se doesn't look similar to Facebook or Twitter. According to its FAQ, \"So.cl is not meant to replace existing full-featured search and social networking tools. It is an experimental research project using a minimal set of features which help combine search with the social network for the purpose of learning.\"Adding another layer to social networking it requires users to login through either their Facebook or Windows Live account. So.cl uses Facebook authentication, and a user's name and profile picture from Facebook also appears in So.cl.However, by default Microsoft does not post any content from So.cl into Facebook stream. If a user chooses, he or she can post content to Facebook using the 'share to Facebook' feature in So.cl.As for how it works, So.cl search is powered by Bing. Microsoft uses the public Bing APIs to display search result data. As students work together, they often look for the same content, and discover new shared interests by sharing results. These results can be web pages, images, or videos found through Bing. So.cl experiments on this concept by letting users share links as they search.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13342707", "title": "Alibaba, Yahoo nearing $7bn deal", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Alibaba Group Holding is near an agreement to buy back a 20% stake in itself from Yahoo for about $7 billion and may announce a deal as soon as Monday morning, said a person with knowledge of the matter.The purchase may pave the way for Alibaba, China's largest e-commerce provider, to pursue an initial public offering in the next 18 months, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. Alibaba, helped by shareholders Temasek Holdings , Digital Sky Technologies, Silver Lake, plans to finance the purchase with cash and debt, the person said.Alibaba has been trying to buy back the stake in itself for more than a year and stepped up efforts in September, when the US company fired former chief executive officer Carol Bartz . Reducing the Alibaba stake lessens Yahoo's toehold in China, the world's largest Internet market, while also making a takeover of the US company more likely, said Jordan Rohan, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus &amp; Co.\"For Yahoo shareholders, the sale and subsequent march towards an IPO is a clear positive, as many questioned whether Yahoo would be able to monetize its China assets at all,\" Rohan said in a research report.\"In addition, the capital required to take Yahoo private is reduced with each Alibaba monetization event.\"Yahoo has come close to selling the stake in the past and failed, and a deal may be postponed, the person said. Yahoo currently owns a 40% stake in Alibaba so the current proposal under discussion would cut that holding in half.The companies struggled to make headway on negotiations under Bartz, who failed to reach an agreement to let Alibaba Group buy back shares in 2010. Yahoo acquired the stake in 2005 in exchange for $1 billion and ownership of Yahoo's Chinese unit.Fissures became public by January 2010 when Alibaba Group described as \"reckless'' Yahoo's support for Google, which tangled with Chinese authorities over the nation's Web- censorship rules.In May of last year, Yahoo's rift with Alibaba widened after the web portal said the Chinese company spun off its online payment business without informing shareholders. Yahoo said it wasn't consulted about the transfer of the Alipay unit to a company mostly owned by Jack Ma , chief executive officer of Alibaba Group.Yahoo had a board meeting to review the transaction and will consider a dividend payment, AllThingsD reported May 17. The website said the deal is likely to value the portion of Yahoo's holdings at about $7 billion, or 20 per cent of Alibaba's $35 billion enterprise valuation. After a potential IPO, Yahoo could sell more of its stake, AllThingsD reported.Dana Lengkeek, a spokeswoman for Yahoo, and John Spelich, a spokesman for Alibaba, declined to comment.Yahoo, which failed to keep pace with growth at Google and Facebook, is pursuing active discussions with the Chinese company, Scott Thompson , who succeeded Bartz before stepping down this month, said in April.Yahoo had also been in discussions about selling its stake in Yahoo Japan to Tokyo-based Softbank Corp , another person said. Those talks have gone cold over price and have not resumed, said the person.Yahoo considered a deal with Alibaba and Softbank that would cut its stake in Alibaba to about 15 per cent from about 40 per cent, a person familiar with the matter said in December.The shares of Sunnyvale, California-based Yahoo rose 3.7 per cent to $15.42 at the close in New York on May 18. The shares have fallen 4.4 per cent this year.Yahoo, which spurned a $47.5 billion offer by Microsoft in 2008, has a market value of $18.8 billion. By comparison, Google is valued at $195.6 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13331234", "title": "Soon, an \u2018unprinter\u2019 to remove ink from papers", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a new technique that can remove ink from printed papers so they can be reused in printers and photocopiers.The technique, developed by a team at the University of Cambridge , uses short pulses of laser light to delete words and images printed on paper. The laser vaporizes the toner ink without damaging the paper and opens up the prospect of future computer printers and photocopiers having an 'unprint' function to allow paper to be reused, the researchers claimed.Julian Allwood, who led the research , said it could drastically reduce the number of trees cut down to produce paper and even provide a cheaper alternative to recycling.\"The process works on a wide range of toners. It does not damage the paper so the feasibility for reusing paper in the office is there,\" Allwood was quoted as saying by the Sunday Telegraph.He added that he has now been approached by several commercial firms expressing interest in producing the first 'unprint' devices.The researchers, who detailed their work in the journal Proceedings of The Royal Society A, found they could remove toner ink from a range of printers and photocopiers by heating it with short pulses of laser light lasting for just four billionths of a second. This removed the ink without causing any physical damage to the paper or discolouration. Filters can be used to capture the vaporized ink, which is given off as a gas.Allwood and colleagues estimate it would cost \u00a319,000 to build a prototype unprinter but that the costs would come down as technology improves and it is commercialized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322865", "title": "Youth nabbed for carrying illegal arms, accomplice escapes", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 21-year-old youth was arrested for illegal possession and sale of arms at Chanchalguda on Sunday.South Zone Task Force police said Salman Ali Khan and his accomplice Arif Saleem, also 21, were travelling with swords in a Maruti Zen near Chanchalguda area. Acting on a tip-off, the sleuths stopped and searched the vehicle. Three swords and a baton knife were recovered. While Khan was arrested, Arif managed to give the cops a slip.Both Khan and Saleem are residents of Chanchalguda. A Task Force official said that the duo had procured the weapons from Nanded in Maharashtra with the intention of selling each of them in the city for Rs 6,000. They added that Khan has a criminal background as an attempt-to-murder case is pending against him in Dabeerpura police station. His brother Imran Khan is also a rowdy-sheeter with the same police station, Task Force inspector S Mohan Kumar said.The Dabeerpura police took Khan into custody and booked a case under Section 25 of the Arms Act (illegal possession and sale of arms) against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13348376", "title": "Luke Pomersbach confesses to his crime: Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigators on Monday claimed that Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach, arrested on charges of molesting an American woman, had told them that he inadvertently touched the victim and was under the influence of alcohol when the incident took place.Police sources also said that the name of Royal Challengers player KP Appanna has cropped up in the case after he was identified in a CCTV footage. He was allegedly seen accompanying Pomersbach to the room of the victim.Pomersbach was arrested on Friday after Zohal Hamid alleged that he molested her and hit her fiance Sahil Peerzada when he objected to the cricketer's behaviour. Peerzada was punched in his ear following which he had to undergo a surgery.Peerzada was released from hospital on Monday after surgery.On Appanna, a senior police official said, \"We have examined the CCTV footages and identified Appanna. We have spoken to him. We are yet to formally question him.\"Appanna, a leg spinner who plays for Karnataka in Ranji Trophy, could not be contacted for his comments.He was allegedly seen with Luke at the corridor of the hotel, the official said, adding they were yet to ascertain whether he entered the room where the victim was staying.Zohal had alleged that some team members of Luke had pressurised her to withdraw the case against Pomersbach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326757", "title": "Students irked with new modules for pre-engineering, pharmacy tests", "text": "BHOPAL: Changed pattern of one-paper did not go well with the students, who appeared for the pre-engineering and pharmacy test (PEPT) on Sunday. Around 1.23 lakh students appeared for the state-level entrance engineering and pharmacy test conducted by the Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB).\"It was quite lengthy paper. Attempting 200 questions in 180 minutes was a tough task. I left 30 questions without attempting them because of shortage of time,\" said Akshay Verma. Earlier, students were given two hours each for the two papers.The question paper was divided into two parts. In the first part, students from different subject streams were asked questions from selected subject that carried 100 questions. In the second part, students were to answer 50 questions from physics. They had to choose the remaining 50 questions from any of three subjects-- chemistry, biology and biotechnology.A few students said the pattern is good but the questions number should be less. \"Attempting one paper instead of two papers is a good concept. But, the number of questions should be less. Students were given less than one minute to solve one question which forced me and other students to left several questions,\" Vikas Sharma, a candidate who appeared for the exam said.Students, however, said the questions were easier compared to the last year. \"Last year, the paper was quite tough. This year paper was easy lengthy. I think most of the students felt that the paper was quite length,\" another candidates Shikha Anand said.There are around 92,000 seats this year in private and government engineering colleges across the state. In Bhopal , the test was held at 28 centres where around 12,000 students appeared. Besides, the PEPT was also organised in other states, including Patna , Bihar which was the biggest centre outside the state where around 16,000 students appeared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322158", "title": "Congress ready for all-party meet on Krishna water row", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress Legislature Party urged TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao to stop politicising the issue of allocation of Krishna water to Telangana region and asked him to come forth with valuable suggestions, if any, to strengthen the state's arguments before the justice Brijesh Kumar water dispute tribunal.Stating that the ruling party was ready to convene an all-party meeting on the issue, CLP executive committee member K Lakshma Reddy on Sunday appealed KCR to stop instigating people. \"We request KCR to put an immediate end to this political drama. He is resorting to all kinds of gimmicks, as he is afraid of losing elections in Parkal. He is misleading people by stating that injustice was being done to the region by the Krishna Tribunal even as the Supreme Court is yet to give its final judgment. If he is sincere, he should come forth with valid suggestions.\"Reddy was responding to KCR's threat to sit on an indefinite protest next week over the alleged injustice meted out to region on the allocation of Krishna river water. Accusing the state government of failing to protect the irrigation needs of Telangana people, Rao said he was still waiting for a reply to his 15-day-old letter on the subject from chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy. He demanded the state government to make public its submission to the justice Brijesh Kumar water dispute tribunal. According to party sources, KCR was keen to link his indefinite protest with the first death anniversary of Telangana ideologue K Jayashankar.Meanwhile, the CLP condemned reports in a section of the media that projected chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy as anti-Telangana. Lakshma Reddy said the chief minister had never spoken against separate Telangana issue. \"The CM has always maintained that the state would abide by the Centre's decision on the separate state issue. The chief minister is in favour of equal development of all regions and the signing of a MoU on Pranahita-Chevella project with the Maharashtra government reiterates his commitment to the region,\" Reddy said. In another development, the CLP cautioned its members against criticising the government. \"Members who speak either against the government or the party using the CLP forum will have to face disciplinary action,\" said CLP secretary S Jagadeeshwar Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332822", "title": "Electronics and communication", "text": "Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT) has been offering a full-time four year degree course in electronics and communication engineering (ECE) since 1983.According to Sujata Sengar, assistant professor and associate head, ECE department, NSIT, the course has been one of the most sought-after courses among students since its inception and is likely to continue to be popular because of its market demands. Communication is a growing area as new inventions in electronics keep taking place.About the course, Sengar says, \"The ECE branch provides the ground and flexibility for those students who wish to opt for other streams. The curriculum for the first year of the course is the same for all the branches. The diversity of the curriculum becomes clear after the first year. The course comprises sufficient papers on all major fields of engineering - electrical engineering, computer science and control engineering. The final two years, however, are devoted almost entirely to advanced topics in electronics and communication engineering such as digital signal processing , microwave engineering and bipolar and MOS Analog IC design.\"The current intake of students in this course is 120. However, applications received by the college for this course is more than 12,000. Students are considered for admission into ECE with an AIEEE rank of up to 6,000.Sengar adds that ever since its inception, the ECE division has followed a curriculum that provides students with several advantages. The course material is diverse and provides the engineer-to-be with a truly holistic view of life in general and technology in particular. Also, the ECE curriculum provides a wide perspective in the field of electronics and allows students to decide their future.As far as career prospects are concerned, many students from the ECE branch often decide to pursue postgraduate studies to continue research in diverse areas. A number of students also continue with postgraduation at the Master's and PhD levels in well-known US universities . For more details about the course, fee etc, log on to www.nsit.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327658", "title": "Delhi University tries to make combined journalism entrance test transparent", "text": "NEW DELHI: The journalism faculty in Delhi University is going all out to make the admission process more transparent and student-friendly this year. To begin with, the faculty has decided to show the answer keys of the combined journalism entrance test (CJET) to candidates soon after the exam is over so that candidates can identify any discrepancy. CJET has been scheduled on June 3 following which the answer keys will be uploaded for two days on the special website created for admission.\"We have decided to provide the answer keys online for 48 hours. If the candidates find any discrepancy, they can bring it to our notice. They will get grace marks if we find an error,\" said Tarjeet Sabharwal, convener, CJET 2012, and faculty member, Delhi College of Arts and Commerce. The candidates will have to inform the principal of the college which would be their test centre about the discrepancy during those two days who will forward the complaint to the dean of faculty of applied social sciences, she added.BA (honours) journalism is offered in five DU colleges - Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, Maharaja Agrasen College, Lady Shri Ram College, Kamala Nehru College and Kalindi College. Their individual journalism departments function under the aegis of the faculty of applied social sciences. This is the second year that all five colleges are holding a common entrance test for BA (honours) journalism.The registration for CJET closed on May 18 and the faculty has received nearly 2,250 applications compared to 1,800 in 2011. There are 183 seats plus two seats for differently-abled candidates.Common Admission Test for English formApplication form for Common Admission Test for English will be available from May 25 to June 4. This year, 21 colleges will admit students to BA (H) English through CATE scheduled on June 9. The forms will be available at Kirori Mal, Janaki Dev, Rajdhani, Shivaji, LSR, Miranda House, DCAC, Hindu, IP, Kamala Nehru, Maharaja Agrasen, Bharati, Satyawati (morning and evening), Shyam Lal, Swami Shraddhanand, SPM, Shaheed Bhagat Singh , Zakir Husain (morning and evening).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327161", "title": "New therapy to control blood pressure", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is a ray of hope for patients suffering from uncontrolled hypertension. Doctors claim renal denervation therapy, a new technique which involves disruption of the hyperactive nerves leading to the kidney, can be used for bringing down blood pressure (BP). These nerves, which are part of the sympathetic nervous system, are disrupted using brief radio frequency (RF) energy. The sympathetic nervous system affects the organs that regulate BP.Doctors at a city hospital recently conducted this procedure, which is still in trial phase, on a 28-year-old patient who lives in Laxmi Nagar. \"He was suffering from uncontrollable hypertension for several months. His blood pressure could not be controlled even after taking five different types of medication. We conducted the surgery on compassionate grounds and after surgery, he is doing better,\" said Dr Mohan Nair, director, electrophysiology and arrhythmia services, who operated on the patient. They used special equipment-Navx 3D mapping and Dyna CT application-for accuracy. Doctors say the therapy can be used only as a last resort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330155", "title": "Madras high court comes to rescue of cop denied promotion for 8 years", "text": "CHENNAI: Thanks to the intervention of the Madras high court, Brindavathi, who has spent more than three decades in the police department, will now be promoted as inspector of police. Her rightful promotion, which should have come in 2004 , was withheld by the authorities who 'contemplated' initiation of disciplinary action against her.Justice K N Basha, rapping the department, said that on a mere contemplation of charges her promotion could not be withheld. He also directed the director-general of police and the Namakkal district superintendent of police, who is chairman of the Salem Range Promotion Board, to promote Brindavathi as inspector and extend her all monetary and service benefits within three months. Taking note of the fact that Brindavathi was superseded by a junior, who was made inspector in October 2004, the judge also made it clear that Brindavathi should be placed above her junior in the seniority list.Brindavathi joined the force as a grade-I constable in February 1981, and became head constable in 1990. After being promoted as sub-inspector in Dharmapuri in July 1996, she was expecting to be made inspector in 2004 along with her batchmates. However, on the crucial date of July 1, 2004, when the promotion panel was prepared, her name was left out by the authorities.On inquiry, she came to know that her name had been withheld on the ground of 'contemplation of a charge to be levelled against her' under rule 3(b) of the Tamil Nadu Police Subordinate Services (D&A;) Rules. Pointing out that on the crucial date of July 1, 2004 no charge was pending against her, she said it was unfair to stop promotion on the ground of contemplation of a charge.The government advocate, however, justified its action saying the government had sent a specific direction to the authorities on March 2, 2004, asking them to initiate disciplinary proceedings against her. As the instruction had come before the crucial date of July 1, 2004, her name was justly not included, it was argued.To this, the senior counsel for Brindavathi, replied that a charge memo was indeed issued to her later, but she was exonerated of the charge on April 9, 2010.Justice Basha, noting that she has been denied the benefit of inclusion of her name in the promotion panel for the year 2004 merely on the ground of contemplation of a charge memo to be issued against her, said there was absolutely no specific charge pending against her on the crucial date of the preparation of the promotion panel. Citing her exoneration of charges, the judge then held that there was absolutely no legal impediment for including her name in the promotion list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325765", "title": "Criminal case against doctor couple, daughter", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) maternal death review committee has filed a criminal case against a doctor, his wife and daughter, all medical professionals, for running a nursing home on residential premises without a licence.Besides practising privately, the doctor was simultaneously working as a medical officer at a government set-up, which is unlawful.The 11-bed nursing home at survey no. 45-A, Somnathnagar,Wadgaonsheri, was equipped with an operation theatre (OT) and carried out all types of gynaecological and other surgical procedures, including Caesarean sections.According to officials, this is the second case registered within the jurisdiction of the PMC since the implementation of the Bombay Nursing Home Act 1949.\"The criminal case against the three was filed on May 18 before judicial magistrate first class. The wife and the daughter hold degrees in ayurveda (BAMS), while the doctor is an MBBS and a medical officer with the government set-up,\" said Milind Salunkhe, consultant and advocate for the PMC.Elaborating, Salunkhe said, \"In March, a pregnant woman was treated at the accused's nursing home and then transferred to Sassoon General Hospital for further management. However, the woman expired and it was reported as maternal death. Since it was a maternal death, the PMC's maternal death review committee, during its death evaluation, found out that the patient was treated at a hospital which did not have the mandatory licence.\"Accordingly, civic health officials conducted a surprise inspection on May 14 and found that there were 11 beds, of which six beds were in the basement and five were on the first floor of the residential building. A total area admeasuring about 2,000 sq feet (including basement area) had a reception, consulting room, operation theatre and a labour room. During inspection, the statement of one of the patients, who was admitted there, was also recorded. According to the patient's statement, she was under treatment there since May 12, Salukhe said.Accordingly a panchanama was drawn up and documents, including the medical records of admitted patients, were seized and a criminal case was filed on May 18 before judicial magistrate first class.\"Now that a case has been filed, the court would summon the accused who will be required to appear before it,\" Salunkhe said.The PMC's maternal death review committee has found five nursing homes guilty of negligence and mismanagement that led to the deaths of pregnant women. The inspection drive conducted between May 2 and May 11 has revealed that 68 nursing homes in the city were operating illegally without a licence and that most were operating from residential premises on city's outskirts.\"Most of these nursing homes are small units with a capacity of five to 10 beds and operate in the city's periphery without licence. We are going to initiate action against them as per provisions of the Bombay Nursing Home Registration Act 1949, amendment 2005,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), PMC.Asked why the civic body didn't carry any inspection of nursing homes earlier, Pardeshi said an assistant medical officer of health (AMoH) was entrusted to carry out the periodic inspection of hospitals but the officer didn't take the work seriously. \"Since there were serious lapses at work, we have transferred that official to other section of the department now. Things will be more streamlined now,\" Pardeshi said.Despite repeated attempts, neither the doctor nor his wife or daughter were available for comments.Boxes:The First Case In PuneIn Pune, the first criminal case under the Act was registered against a nursing home on December 14, 2011, against a homeopath couple found running a nursing home on residential premises without a licence. The illegal activity was came to light after residents complained about the inconvenience caused by the hospital operating in the building.The charges* The doctor-couple and their daughter has been charged under sections 3,4,6,12 and 14 of the Bombay Nursing Home Act 1949.* Section 3: It is necessary on the part of doctor running and managing the hospital or nursing home to have it registered with the local civic body.* Section 4: Stipulates the procedure for getting hospitals registered under the Act.* Section 6: Stipulates punishment for violation of section 3 and that punishment is imprisonment for six months or a fine of Rs 10,000.* Section 12: In respect of violations of other provisions and the punishment is prescribed as 3 months of imprisonment and a fine of Rs 500.* Section 14: Empowers a judicial magistrate first class to try, entertain and decide on the criminal complaint under the Act.eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "theni/chennai", "code": "13333676", "title": "Maoist leader produced in Theni court, sent to Madurai prison", "text": "THENI/CHENNAI: J Vivek alias Balan (46), the state leader of the banned Communist Party of India (Maoist) was produced in the judicial magistrate court, Theni and sent to the central prison in Madurai. Vivek, who was arrested in Chennai on Saturday, was brought to Theni amidst tight security in the wee hours of Sunday. Escorted by armed policemen, the 'Q' branch sleuths took him to the special wing's office in Theni.Vivek was supposed to be produced in the judicial magistrate court in Periyakulam in connection with a case accusing him of providing arms training to recruits from the region in 2007 in the forests of Theni and Dindigul districts. Since the magistrate in the Periyakulam court was not available, he was produced before the combined judicial magistrate court at Lakshmipuram. Judge Rajkumar remanded Vivek in judicial custody till June 1.Even as he was brought out of the court, Vivek raised slogans supporting the Maoist party and accusing the police of foisting cases against him.Vivek was also accused of attempting to set up Maoist bases in Murugamalai in Theni and Uthangarai in Dharmapuri district in 2004 itself. When police stormed the suspected hideout in Vadakavunchi forests in Dindigul in 2008, Vivek had managed to flee and was believed to have shifted his base to Maoist-controlled areas in northern states. However, the Periyakulam court had issued a warrant against Vivek.On a specific tip off, he was arrested in Chennai on Saturday, though his accomplice Padma managed to escape from the police.Since interrogating the arrested Maoist functionary might yield information on the plans of the banned outfit, identity of other functionaries and their hideouts if any in Tamil Nadu , the police are trying to take him into their custody.In Chennai, police said that the 'Q' branch sleuths had nabbed Vivek when he came to attend an engagement ceremony of one of his relatives in Triplicane, two days before he was caught by the police.Vivek was staying at an apartment complex provided by his relatives along with his accomplice and wife Padma alias Sathyamary (37) after attending the engagement ceremony on May 17, when 'Q' branch police rounded him up.\"A few of his relatives knew that he was closely associated with the banned outfit for several years, but did not reveal about his operations as this would spoil the reputation of the family,\" said a police officer. He mingled freely with all his relatives but kept away from posing for any photographs with them as he thought this would put him in trouble.Meanwhile, police have formed three special teams to apprehend Padma. The special teams have been sent to Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka and other border districts, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326537", "title": "Robbery on Shan-e-Bhopal Express", "text": "BHOPAL: A family was allegedly robbed at a gunpoint on Bhopal-bound Shan-e-Bhopal Express on Saturday night.The robbers entered between Okhla to Tughlakabad stations and looted a bag from the victim's family travelling in coach number S-11 of the train. The armed accused also made off with mobile phones and gold chains of a few other passengers in the coach.The family alleged that the targeted coach did not had any security guard and the government railway police (GRP) personnel who came in after pulling the train were reluctant to lodge an FIR.The incident took place with Jeevan Prakash and his family travelling from Nizamuddin to Bhopal. The victim's family had six berths reserved in S-11. When the train slowed between Okhla and Tughlakabad stations, armed robbers came into the coach.The accused reportedly put a gun to Prakash's wife's head and looted a bag carrying cash and jewellery worth around Rs 1 lakh. Unidentified accused also made away with gold chains and mobile phone of a few other passengers traveling by the coach. Later, the victims pulled the chain and brought the train to a halt.A case was registered only after the passengers got united and remained firm on not allowing the train to move further if the complaint was not registered.Jeevan Prakash is a teacher in Delhi. He hails from Berasia, close to the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13329808", "title": "Waste separation to become a must", "text": "CHENNAI: It will soon be mandatory for residential apartments in the city to segregate the waste they generate, according to sources in the Chennai Corporation.A senior corporation official said, \"We are working on a proposal for compulsory source segregation at large residential apartments in the city. If the proposal is approved by the corporation council, then all the 15 zonal offices will send letters to large apartment complexes to undertake waste management projects. If the residential complexes do not initiate these projects, they will be fined.\"Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body was planning to strictly enforce source segregation, especially in hotels and wedding halls, where they generate huge quantities of waste. \"We have decided to conduct more raids at such places and the violators will be penalized,\" he said.C Ramakrishnan, secretary, federation of Adyar residents association, said, \"We are happy to implement this project. But the exercise will be fulfilled only when all residential associations in the city coordinate with the corporation. The civic body should at least provide some bins for this project.\"The corporation website mentions that the dump yards in Kodungaiyur and Perungudi, where 4,500 tonnes of garbage is dumped daily, will run out of space by 2015. Residents living near the dumping yards have complained to the corporation about the burning of waste at these dump yards and said it affects their health.Very few apartment complexes segregate waste at source. Aashiana, a 174-apartment complex in Alwarpet, has successfully implemented the source segregation project. Waste from the kitchen is segregated from the household garbage and is put in compost pits. The refuse is then used as manure.\"The segregation and composting of garbage within large apartment complexes and other institutions will reduce the pressure on landfills and dumping yards. The civic body also should provide funds and guidelines for the project,\" said Nityanand Jayaraman, an environmentalist. Activists said source segregation for institutions and apartment complexes should be made compulsory like rain water harvesting.Recently, the corporation council has approved the plan to set up integrated solid waste management plants at Kodungaiyur and Perungudi. Officials said more than 30 companies have shown interest in the plan.Civic officials are also on the lookout for vacant landfills outside the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346797", "title": "Garry Sandhu's new video 'Brick' unveiled", "text": "Award winning Punjabi singer Garry Sandhu's new video Brick - Pakki Hundi Itt Wargi has lately released.Song sung by Garry is from the album Old Habits Die Hard . Tari Banwalpuria has penned down the lyrics for the song composed by GV. Garry and GV previously worked together on the album Fresh , released in 2011.Source: Rane Kaur, Punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13327377", "title": "Hitting the floor to chill out", "text": "LUDHIANA: Living up to Saturday night fevera, many couples from the city danced their way to fun and happiness during a party. Shaking off the stress, the young Ludhianvis said dancing was their way of chilling out. Property consultant Vishal Sood, who lives in Shakti Nagar, got together with friends to plan the party.His wife Bindiya too smiled in agreement, saying she too loved to dance away the blues. These parties help us friends bond better, she said.Showroom owner Gaurav Arora, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, attended the party with his wife Pooja. \"The DJ was excellent and the ambience was great. We danced and enjoyed drinks till late in the night.\" \"It's nice to be friends on the weekend,\" Pooja shared.With only friends being invited for the party, Udham Singh Nagar resident Sunil Kapoor, who is a businessman, said,\" The exclusivity of the group makes everybody feel safe and shed their inhibitions.\"His wife Shweta, who was Sunila perfect partner even on the dance floor, said her apprehensions about latenight parties were were put to ease when she came for this party.Shailender Singh alias Shelly, an industrialist who lives in Dugri Phase II, called the evening memorable. Accompanied by his wife Giny, Shelly hoped for many such parties over the coming weeks.\"We are party animals and make sure to organize one such do every weekend. It breaks the monotony and adds zest and energy to the week ahead. Everybody enjoyed the evening and danced till the wee hours,\" Vishal Sood of Shakti Nagar, said.\"My apprehensions about latenight parties were put to rest when I came for this party. Everybody knew each other and it was such a comfortable environment to let your hair down,\" Shweta Kapoor of Udham Singh Nagar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327210", "title": "At some police stations, constables rule in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: There are 31 constables who have been posted at the same police station for more than 10 years, as per police headquarters records.According to police station in-charges, at least eight to 10 constables in each police station have served at the same police station for more than five years.Ideally, a police constable who has completed three years at a police station should be transferred and posted at a new place. This does happen, but albeit on paper only for a brief period of time.\"The \"influential\" constables are transferred on paper after serving three or five years in a police station. But, within a month or two they managed to get another order reverting them back to the old posting\", said a police station in-charge.\"Most of these constables have strong contact with the local politicians due to which they become arrogant and refuse to take orders from the senior police officers. This encourages corruption and indiscipline amongst the staff,\" the officer added.When contacted, DGP Kishan Kumar said, \"I will look into the matter. But the constables are ears and eyes of the police and I want them to be empowered so that they can effectively interact with the locals and collect grassroots intelligence\".But, transferring the constables and head constables is easier said than done. The Goa police establishment board did transfer 498 head constables just before the assembly elections as many of them had served for more than three years at the same police station.PEB has also decided to transfer constables before the elections. But with the wives and other family members of the transferred policemen demanded cancellation of the transfer orders claiming they feared death without their husbands, the transfer of police constables was withheld. They also demanded that their husbands shouldn't be transferred more than 20km from their place of residence.\"Immediately after the elections, most of the head constables were transferred back to their original place of posting. The constables are yet to be transferred,\" added a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13330523", "title": "Can clinch international title: Yashi\u2019s father says", "text": "LUDHIANA: Haibowal resident Yashi Sharma, who recently won an under-12 singles title of a district level TT tournament in PAU, says she has won more than 10 national tournaments so far. She trains under her father at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium along with her elder sister Dhriti Sharma, again a TT champ. ''Even she has won many titles and has guided me all the time to improve my game,'' says Yashi about her sister. Like all other sportsmen, Yashi too, dreams of representing the country at international level.Tapinder says his daughter's performance has been promising with many challenging victories to her credit. ''She has the potential to clinch international tournaments as well,'' says the father-cum-coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13318879", "title": "Tour de force", "text": "Recently, there was intense speculation in the capital that President Pratibha Patil may visit Delhi for a change. The officials at the ministry of external affairs who normally oversee dignitaries visiting from abroad were tight-lipped about the whole affair and would neither confirm nor deny the rumour. Finally, i got hold of a sweeper woman at Rashtrapati Bhavan who agreed to speak on the condition of anonymity.\"Delhi is agog with a rumour that President Patil may soon pay a courtesy visit to the country\", i said. \"Will you please throw light on this sensational news?\"The woman straightened self-importantly and spoke, \"I can assure you that President Patil has no plans to visit the country in the near future. As far as i know, it is pure media-driven speculation. Patil has at present just finished the first round of an extensive tour of the African continent along with a large entourage of family members. There is so much to see, shop and explore that Africa may keep her busy for another month at least.\"\"But they say there is no smoke without fire\", i interrupted. \"Did you spot any unusual activity which may have triggered the rumour? Maybe the president`s impending visit has been kept under wraps to keep the media hounds away.\"But the lady just pounded her broom forcefully on the floor in denial. I was still not getting a story of substance and so i pressed on, \"Is it possible that the president may make a surprise visit some time in early June after the African safari?\"The lady now put her hands menacingly on her hips, \"According to the information available to me, the president has packed schedule in the next one month. She is scheduled to visit Singapore and New Zealand in June and i don`t see how she could possibly accommodate India in her itinerary. A few months ago too, when President Patil boarded a flight from Dubai to China, there was excitement that her plane may land in Delhi for refuelling giving Indian officials a chance to have a meaningful dialogue with the country`s president. Alas, the plane overflew Indian air space and headed straight to Beijing .\"I commiserated with the lady. \"It must be tough working for someone whom you hardly get to see. Also, it must be very lonely here when the president is not at home.\"A lonely tear slowly trickled down the lady`s cheek, and when she spoke, her voice was choked with emotion, \"We understand that every president has to go to America for bypass surgery or set right other physical complications. We understand the president`s compulsion to tour various countries and shop around with children, grandchildren and relatives. But very few appreciate the hard toil we have to go through to keep Rashtrapati Bhavan spic and span in the fervent hope that the president may one day make a sudden appearance and take note of a job well done.\"I sympathised, \"Don`t feel bad. Millions of our countrymen have little idea of who our president is, and like you, would like to see her at least once before she lays down the mantle of her office. Answer one last question for me. What do you think is the one great achievement of the current president?\"The lady studied the question carefully and finally declared solemnly, \"Well, she may not have done anything great for this country, but she has certainly given a boost to the tourism industry of several countries!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330180", "title": "Change from pencil to pen challenges IAS aspirants", "text": "CHENNAI: It's a rule that robbed the luxury of a second thought.For the first time, civil services aspirants who appeared for the preliminary exams on Sunday had to shade the Optical Mark Recognition (OMR) answer coding sheets with black ball point pens instead of pencils. And it was challenging for many because once they pick out an answer and shade one of the options black with pen, it will be final. They can't go back to erase the marking on a second throught as it had been possible with a pencil.As the questions are mostly in statements that run into more than five lines, aspirants had to spend more time on each questions before deciding on the answer.\"Statements-like questions robbed my time. The change in rule made me spend more time on a question to ensure that the answer is correct before proceeding to attempt other questions. All this takes away the precious time,\" said K Prabha, an aspirant.At present, black ball point pen is a must in all examinations conducted by the Tamil Nadu Public Services Commission. The change was brought in a decade ago by the TNPSC to prevent malpractices.UPSC had made it clear about the new change in its annual notification and also on its website.It was challenging for many because once they pick out an answer and shade one of the options, it will be final. They can't come back to erase the marking on a second throught as it was possible with pencil", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13325723", "title": "BJP may back PA Sangma as President candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday stepped up her advocacy for P A Sangma as president, rallying support across the political spectrum. She called up BJP veteran L K Advani , who is believed to have told her that he was \"positively inclined\" towards Sangma personally but a decision would only be taken only after consultations within the party and with NDA leaders.The NDA is likely to discuss its strategy by Tuesday in light of the intense lobbying for the former Speaker by the AIADMK chief.Jayalalithaa also spoke to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat , CPI's A B Bardhan, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal, the AIADMK said.YSR Congress leader Jaganmohan Reddy is also learnt to be in favour of Sangma's candidature. In a coordinated move, Jayalalithaa and her Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik had floated Sangma's name on May 17.While Jayalalithaa and Patnaik had propped up Sangma as a \"tribal\" candidate, Advani is learnt to be of the view that the NCP leader's credentials as a \"Christian\" has greater weight as the tribal block is fragmented, while the Christian block less so.In fact, Advani is learned to have received a letter from the Council of Churches, a body of Christian clerics, who without naming Sangma, seem to be backing him. The letter pointed out that there had been presidents from other minority communities -three Muslim presidents and one belonging to the Sikh community - implying that a Christian should get the top job this time.After Jayalalithaa's phone call to Mulayam, SP said it was not a hurry to decide on the presidential candidate and that the party had not taken a decision on whom to support. The CPI said it would decide on the issue after a party meeting on May 23.Interestingly, the Nationalist Congress Party, to which Sangma belongs, has ruled out supporting his candidature, saying it would go with the UPA decision.Lok Janshakti Party chief Ramvilas Paswan said in Tiruchirapalli on Sunday that his party would support the UPA candidate for presidency. Asked about Sangma's candidature, he said, \"All are our friends. But we will support only the candidate chosen by UPA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13333269", "title": "State BJP to seek central leadership endorsement of special category status demand", "text": "PATNA: Senior state BJP leaders, going to Mumbai to participate in the party's two-day national executive committee meeting, would press on the party's central leadership to endorse Bihar's demand for special category status (SCS).While the two-day national executive committee of the BJP is scheduled to begin in Mumbai on June 24, the party's state unit has already decided to hold a one-day dharna at all the district headquarters in the state on May 21 to protest against the Centre's rejection of Bihar's demand for SCS. The state BJP has also decided to further sharpen its agitation in the future.Incidentally, as a prelude to it, the political temperature in the state has already started competing with the rising level of mercury. While the JD (U) has announced to carry out its 'aar paar ki ladadai' (do or die struggle) against the Centre for its rejection of Bihar's SCS demand, the NDA's bete noire in the state, the RJD, led by former Union minister Lalu Prasad , has also launched its campaign against the Nitish Kumar-led state government, and accordingly, hit the streets.Given the situation , the state BJP leadership would discuss the rejection of the SCS to Bihar at its Mumbai national conclave, and also press on the central leadership to include it in its resolution for the future reference. \"Of course, as far as the Bihar BJP is concerned, the SCS is the most important issue. The party's state unit has also begun its agitation against the Centre's rejection of SCS demand,\" said state BJP spokesman Sudhir Sharma, adding that the Bihar BJP would certainly seek endorsement of its demand from the central leadership.Even as state BJP leaders are not willing to discuss the nitty-gritty and details of the line that the national BJP would adopt with regard to the 2014 parliamentary elections, whatever decision is taken on the matter would definitely have a bearing on the NDA in Bihar.The three key issues would include the possible prime ministerial candidate, which, of course, would be put under the wraps to be opened and decided later on, and the possible constituents of the BJP-led NDA, coupled with the party's stance on the presidential election. \"The national leadership would be highly cautious and diplomatic on the three issues,\" said a party source, adding that care has to be taken that the NDA constituents are not ruffled by its decisions.Recently, with regard to the presidential election, when the national BJP leadership unilaterally announced to revive the Lohiaite \"anti-Congressism\" of the 1960s - followed also later on, JD (U) national president Sharad Yadav immediately flexed his party's muscles, and countered it saying that it had not been consulted on the issue.Otherwise, the BJP national executive, apart from approving the grant of second term to party president Nitin Gadkari from 2012 to 2014, would also fix the date for the national council endorsement on the matter, over and above the schedule for membership drive and holding of organisational elections in the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13330888", "title": "Koothuparamba becomes focus of Chandrasekharan murder investigation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Six alleged assailants of T P Chandrasekharan were in Kannur's Koothuparambu area a day after the murder. The Special Investigation Team is now focusing its attention on Koothuparamba in Kannur.The investigators had collected vital information from C Babu, the party's Koothuparamba office secretary, who was released on bail on Saturday. He reportedly told the police that he had provided shelter to the assailants following instructions from the party. It has been suspected that Babu did not know that he was helping the assailants.Police sources said five assailants, including N K Sunil Kumar alias Kodi Suni, stayed at the CPM office while T K Rajeesh, another member of the alleged gang, spent a day in a Koothuparamba hotel. During initial interrogation, hotel receptionist tried to hide the fact that Rajeesh had stayed there, by hiding the original register. The receptionist later told the truth when the police produced before him the person who had taken Rajeesh to the hotel. The room was booked in this person's name, and police said the register was found in a plastic packet from the hotel's backyard.The CPM leaders' frantic reaction to Babu's arrest raised suspicion that they were aware of the probe's focus on Koothuparamba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343926", "title": "Bala is a perfectionist: Vedhika", "text": "Vedhika is playing the lead role in a movie being directed by National-award winner Bala, which is tentatively titled as Paradesi.Vedhika plays the lead along with Atharvaa in the film that is inspired by the Malayalam novel Eriyum Thanal.Thrilled Vedhika says, ' I can't reveal anything about the movie now. I am so happy that I am working with the best in the industry. Bala's direction is unique. I have learnt so much from him'. Atharva is a nice colleague and the movie is shaping up well. I am confident that I will carve a niche for myself in the industry after the movie, she adds.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13329208", "title": "Jayalalithaa seeks Shiromani Akali Dal support for PA Sangma", "text": "CHANDIGARH: AIADMK leader and Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday sought the support of her non-Congress counterpart in Punjab, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal in favour of PA Sangma as the candidature for the post of President.Badal, who was touring the state on Sunday, is believed to have communicated to Jayalalithaa that his party, which is in alliance with the BJP, will hold talks on this matter tofinalize their candidate for president. PS Badal himself is believed to be in the race for the post of vice-president and is awaiting talks with BJP for the same.General secretary of Shiromani Akali Dal, D S Cheema told TOI: \"There has been no decision so far on the candidate that SAD will support for the post of president. We will hold talks with NDA leaders who are our alliance partners. Our decision will be in consonance with them.\" As per a statement issued by AIADMK in Chennai, Jayalalithaa spoke to Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader L K Advani, Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M) general secretary Prakash Karat and CPI leader A B Bardhan as part of garnering support for Sangma, a former Lok Sabha speaker.She also discussed the matter with Telugu Desam Party leader N.Chandrababu Naidu, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav, Shironmani Akali Dal leader and her Punjab counterpart Parkash Singh Badal. Seeking their support, she said Nationalist Congress Party leader Sangma, hailing from northeastern region and belonging to a tribal community, is fully qualified to become the president. On Thursday, Jayalalithaa announced that her party supported the candidature of Sangma for the office of president of India.She said the decision was arrived at \"after due internal consultation\" with Odisha chief minister and Biju Janata Dal chief Naveen Patnaik. She said none belonging to the tribal community had ever become the president. While Jayalalithaa and Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik had propped up Sangma as a \"tribal\" candidate, Advani, whom Jayalalithaa called up on Sunday, is learned to be of the view that the NCP leader's credentials as a \"Christian\" has greater weight as the tribal block is fragmented, while the Christian block less so.In fact, Advani is learned to have received a letter from the Council of Churches, a body of Christian clerics, who without naming Sangma, seem to be backing him. The letter pointed out that there had been presidents from other minority communities - three Muslim presidents and one from the Sikh community - implying a Christian should get the top job this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323561", "title": "IPL 5: Navrangpura police arrest one for betting on matches", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Navrangpura police nabbed a man for taking bets on the ongoing IPL matches, on Sunday evening. Kashyap Brahmbhatt, the accused, was earlier caught by the state DG vigilance squad in January with Rs 44 lakh cash. Investigators said that soon after getting released on bail, he resumed his betting business.According to investigators, a team got a tip-off that betting was going on at Abhilasha Apartment near Lakhudi Talavdi. Working on the information, a team was sent to the spot where it found Brahmbhatt with eight mobile phones, an LCD TV and Rs 12,000 cash. He was arrested on the spot.P M Sarvaiya, inspector of Navrangpura police station, said that Brahmbhatt has been caught earlier by police. \"During his questioning, he said that he had taken the flat on rent of Rs 12,000 from May 9 on his wife's name.\" A native of Kalol, Brahmbhatt knew that he was already on police radar and thus tried to evade arrest by lying low and changing bases. \"We believe that he may have more such flats for betting in the city,\" Sarvaiya said.Earlier, three were arrested from Kalol in January from whom police recovered a record Rs 44 lakh. The arrested include a computer engineer who was employed to keep a track of dealings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329250", "title": "Glass of car smashed, 2 lakh stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Rs 2 lakh was stolen from an SUV belonging to Pralhad Gaikwad on Saturday. The incident occurred at 12.30 pm on Saturday, when Gaikwad had gone to the Makhmalabad branch of Nashik District Central Co-operative Bank (NDCCB) to withdraw money. Before going to the bank, he had parked his Innova near the Makhmalaba bus-stand here. The thieves smashed the SUV's glass from the back and decamped with the cash.Gaikwad, a resident of Makhmalabad, learned about the theft only after he returned from the bank. He then lodg-ed a complaint with the Panchavati police.In another incident, some persons smashed the glass of a Maruti Swift owned by Dr Baste on College Road on Saturday. A complaint was lodged with the Gangapur police.2 motorcycles stolen: Two motorcycles worth Rs 30,000 were reported stolen on Saturday.In the first incident, a Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs. 10,000, belonging to Ganpat Sonawane, a resident of the Maharashtra Housing Board colony, Satpur, was reported stolen at 6.30 pm. The vehicle was at the parking lot of Ratan Mall, near Shalimar. A complaint was lodged with the Bhadrakali police. In another incident, a Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 20,000, belonging to Mahesh Kanthikar, a resident of Pushpalaxmi Apartment, Indiranagar, was stolen between 9.30 am and 2 pm. The bike was parked in front of the Jitendra Motors showroom in Pathardi Pahata. A complaint was registered with the Ambad police.4 held in suicide case: The Indira Nagar police have arrested four persons for compelling a woman to commit suicide. The accused include the victim's husband, Sanjay Salwe, and three in-laws. They were arrested after the father of the victim, Samadhan Taur, lodged a complaint with the police on Saturday evening.Dipali Salwe (19), a resident of Indira Nagar, had committed suicide by pouring kerosene on herself, last month.Her father, a resident of Jambhora Sindkhed in Buldhana district, told the police said that Dipali was harassed mentally and physically.Rickshaw set ablaze: A rickshaw owned by Walter Kurhade, a resident of Betale Nagar in Sharanpur, was set ablaze on Saturday.The rickshaw was owned by Walter Kurhade of Betalenagar. The Sarkarwada police have arrested Sanjay Shrivastav, while George Salwe, is absconding. Inspector Manohar Dabhade is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13333967", "title": "Srikant Jena puts pharma institute ball in state's court", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Emphasizing the importance of research in pharma sector, Union minister of state for chemicals and fertilizers Srikant Jena said here on Sunday his ministry had taken initiative to establish a centre of excellence for advanced studies and research in pharmaceutical sciences in Odisha. The proposal to establish National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER) in Bhubaneswar was also discussed with the Planning Commission. The onus is now on the Odisha government to provide the necessary land and infrastructure support for the project, said Jena, while addressing a pharma convention, organized by Odisha Pharmacy Intellectual Forum.The minister said higher education in pharma sector is more important than inviting investments from medicine makers to establish their units.Arun Kumar Panda, local organizing committee chairman of the convention, urged the minister to impress upon the government to include pharmacy as a subject in civil services examination.At the convention attended by representatives of pharma industry and professionals, Jena said the draft pharmaceutical policy is ready and under consideration of a group of ministers. \"I am hopeful the policy will soon go to the Cabinet for approval,\" the minister said.The policy, aimed at better regulation of prices of essential medicines listed by the Union ministry of health and family welfare, has been in the making for around six years.Jena said the prices of medicines will come down automatically if doctors make it mandatory to prescribe generic medicines instead of writing brands in their prescriptions. This would bring competition among drug manufacturers and patients will be in a position to choose medicines from different brands on their own judgment considering the price. There is need to create greater awareness on generic campaign, Jena said. The Centre-supported Jan Aushadhi stores, which sell generic medicines, should be strengthened, the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13350569", "title": "Rave party: IPL players, others let off after medical test", "text": "MUMBAI: IPL players Wayne Parnell and Rahul Sharma of Pune Warriors team, who were detained along with 94 others during a raid on a rave party in suburban Juhu, were let off today after collection of their blood and urine samples.In another development, Vishay Handa, director of city-based Oakwood Premier Hotel, where the rave party was held last night was arrested under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act.A police officer said, \"All those who were detained last night during the rave party were allowed to go after their blood and urine samples were taken.\"\"Among those who were allowed to go include two IPL cricketers - Wayne Parnell and leg-spinner Rahul Sharma (both play for Pune Warriors India ),\" the officer said.\"The blood and urine samples were taken to Cooper, Bhabha and J J hospitals, to examine if they consumed the drugs,\" the officer said.Police had said last night that two IPL players from the Pune Warriors team, one of them a foreigner, were among the 96 persons who were detained following a raid.\"Approximately 110 grams of cocaine along with MDMA, popularly known as ecstasy, and charas were seized,\" Additional Commissioner of Police Vishwas Nagre Patil had said.I came for birthday party, didn't know about rave: SharmaIndia and Pune Warriors cricketer Rahul Sharma today refuted the allegation that he was present at a rave party at a Mumbai hotel, claiming that he had gone there to attend a birthday celebration.\"I was invited to a birthday party. Wayne Parnell was with me, I did not know that there was a rave party at the hotel,\" said the spinner, who along with his Pune Warriors teammate, was detained by the police after a raid at the Hotel Oakwoods in Juhu.\"We reached there at around 7 in the evening and all of a sudden within half an hour of us reaching there, the police raid happened. We didn't know what was happening, I asked the police officers and they told me that a raid was in progress,\" he said.Sharma said he has been cooperative with the police and claimed that he has never touched alcohol.\"We have cooperated with the police and have even given medical tests. I belong to a simple family and have not even had a beer in my life, where does the question of attending a rave party arise?\" he asked.\"I have told everything to the team management and things would be clear once the medical report comes out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13326691", "title": "Mumbai municipal body &amp; police chiefs step out to \u2018clean city\u2019", "text": "Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and BMC chief Sitaram Kunte have embarked on separate missions with one common goal-to clean up Mumbai. Kunte, who took the reins at the civic body at the end of last month, wants to convert Mumbai into a world-class city, while Patnaik aims to restore the citizenry's confidence in law-enforcement agencies. To get a first-hand feel of the problems plaguing Mumbai and their possible solutions, the top cop spends a minimum of two hours in a police housing colony and a police station every alternate day, and Kunte goes for a long morning walk in different parts of the city. The two exercises have been productive, to say the least.One his very first day out, Kunte got feedback about cleanliness and the performance of deputy municipal commissioners as well as ward officers. He was informed about the disconnect between the BMC and the aam admi, and urged to take action against erring officials. Patnaik's treks out too have yielded results. Not a few police stations he visited have witnessed the law and order situation improving in their area. The two top officials' missions, though commendable, are not altogether novel. Many successive police and municipal commissioners drafted ambitious plans but could not sustain them for long. It therefore remains to be seen if Patnaik and Kunte would continue their mission with the same zeal.Harsh lessonsMedical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit as well as higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope are under fire for their ham-fisted handling of teachers' agitations. Teachers of arts, commerce and science colleges had as far back as four months ago served a notice, threatening to boycott the examination process unless their demand of higher salaries as per the Sixth Pay Commission's recommendations is settled at the earliest. Indeed, the teachers' leaders had conducted several rounds of talks with senior bureaucrats and later with Tope. But, it seems, their threat to strike work was not taken seriously. Tope swung into action only after the teachers began their agitation and it was realized that, owing to the strike, the results of major examinations may get protractedly delayed. Facing strident criticism, Tope had no option but to accept the teachers' demands. The blunder may be replaying now. Medical teachers have threatened to strike work unless their demand for removing the anomaly in the payment of non-private practising allowance is met. Some of these teachers even met Gavit and deputy CM Ajit Pawar. Gavit reportedly thrice gave them a written assurance, but, so far, no official order has been issued to remove the anomaly. A former dean says the government is deliberately ignoring doctors' demands.Study groupMaharashtra's second capital, Nagpur, has a new distinction. It is the place where current vice-chancellors of many universities in the state come from. A glance at the 18-odd universities in Maharashtra shows that 10 incumbent VCs were born and brought up in Nagpur. Pune University's newly appointed vice-chancellor Wasudeo Gade is originally from there. And so are Mumbai University's Rajan Welukar, YB Chavan Open University's K Krishnakumar, North Maharashtra University's Sudhir Meshram as well as six others. According to a former VC, Nagpur has always been a centre of academic excellence. But equally important is the fact that scholars from Mumbai and Pune are reluctant to take up top jobs in universities owing to rampant politics and corruption. These scholars, instead, prefer assignments in IT cities in Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka or abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327239", "title": "B R Singh Hospital achieves rare feat with cardiac surgeries", "text": "KOLKATA: The B R Singh Hospital in the city recently became the second railway hospital in the country to conduct cardiac surgeries. It also became the first hospital in Kolkata to conduct a cardiac surgery in a state-of-the-art modular operation theatre. According to doctors, there is only one other hospital (private) in the city that has a modular OT, but it is not used for cardiac surgeries.\"A modular OT has stainless steel walls that have no sharp bends or joints. This allows a bacteria-free atmosphere and the risks of infection are reduced considerably. There is laminar flow of air through a filter and cameras are fitted on the lights above the operating table to record the procedure. It costs between Rs 60 to 75 lakh just to set up the OT. The equipment cost is extra,\" said S S Rathaur, chief medical director, Eastern Railway.Cardiac surgery in railway hospitals first started in the 1970s at Perambur. It took nearly 40 years for the railways, which has over 13 lakh employees, to set up such facilities at another hospital. While plans were made to conduct cardiac surgeries in Mumbai (Western Railway) and Delhi (Northern Railway), the hospital in Kolkata took the lead. Sources claimed that facilities at Delhi and Mumbai are still not ready.\"We started our Cath-Lab in May, 2011. Since then, we conducted 57 angioplasties and fitted 253 permanent pacemakers,\" said cardiologist Aloke Majumder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328374", "title": "Students await results with anxiety", "text": "COIMBATORE: With board exam results just round the corner, students across the city are waiting anxiously, many of them nervous and fearful about what they might have scored. They wait with hope and trepidation, going through many a sleepless night, as the tension builds up.Ramya Santhanam (name changed), who is waiting for her class 12 results, is no different. \"I can feel the pressure build up. If I don't score more than 85 per cent, my mother says she will be ashamed to face her friends and relatives,\" she said. High expectations from parents put children under severe stress, experts say. Although Ramya is certain she will not fail, there is the fear that she may not do as well as her parents expected her to do.Ramya is not alone in her fear and anxiety. Several city children are experiencing similar feelings as they await their exam results. This has become a matter of concern as many students, unable to withstand the pressure, resort to extreme measures.Anxiety about exam results and the disappointment that may follow is not uncommon. However, Dr B Ravishankar, a city based psychiatrist says that there are several ways that parents can prepare their children to deal with such stress. \"Parents should let the child know that exam results are not the be all and end all of life. Hope is essential. When parents instill hope in the child, he / she become positive and optimistic,\" he said.PV Antony, principal of Suguna Matriculation RIP V School says that students often perceive the problem to be larger than it actually is. They need to be reminded that they can always take the supplementary exams held in July if their performance was poor. Thus they can avoid losing an academic year. Ravishankar said that parents must take special care if their children are emotionally vulnerable. \"If the results are disappointing, special care must be taken to avoid scolding or discussing the issue frequently. After all one cannot change the outcome,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13322342", "title": "Woman gang-raped in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman in her late 20s was allegedly gang-raped through Friday night and dumped at Nehru Place on early Saturday. The woman has been admitted to AIIMS, police said. Four accused were arrested till Sunday evening.This incident comes weeks after a woman was gang-raped by two persons, murdered and dumped in Nehru Place and another woman was raped by four persons, killed and dumped inside LNJP Hospital.Sources said the woman was returning from Jaitpur in southeast Delhi after work when an occupant of a Gramin Sewa van offered her a lift. \"Around 7.30pm, she was waiting for a bus for Najafgarh when a youth offered her a lift. The woman took the auto but instead of dropping her at Najafgarh, the man allegedly took her to a barren spot in Nehru Place and raped her along with two friends who joined him on the way, a source said. The driver stood guard, sources added.The three accused, accompanied by the driver and another friend, then took the woman to a house in Madanpur Khadar in south Delhi and the five men raped her. After repeated assaults, the accused allegedly made the woman sit in the van and headed to drop her back in the wee hours. However, one wheel of the tempo came off near the gas plant in Nehru Place. The driver managed to control the vehicle but hearing the commotion, sources said, a truck driver came out of his parked vehicle. He allegedly threatened the men that he would raise an alarm if they did not allow him to rape the victim.The accused then put her on a rickshaw and fled. The woman sought the rickshaw-puller's help and had cops informed. \"A medical examination at AIIMS has confirmed sexual assault. A case of gang rape, abduction and threatening someone of dire consequences has been registered,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326559", "title": "Jaipur oil depot fire: 'Looks like no lessons learnt from 2009 tragedy\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: It seems that the Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) has not learnt any lesson from the past incident of a devastating fire in 2009 that killed around 11 people including its own employees.A pipeline leaked and fountain of oil spilled in nearby areas at Sitapura-situated IOCL oil depot on Sunday.District administration, civil defense and disaster management deputy controller Phool Chand Chaudhary has alleged negligence in the matter. \"There must be negligence on the safety part. The incident happened while increasing the pressure in the pipeline. While increasing the pressure up to 70kg/cm square, they have not taken care of various other technical factors and which is why the gas kit failed,\" Choudhary said.Choudhary said the Jaisinghpura Khor incident is also connected with Saturday's incident when thieves try to steal crude oil. After repairing the pipeline, which was damaged by the unidentified thieves, the officials exerted extra pressure by starting another engine.He also said the two engineers present at the IOCL depot, took timely action and prevented the oil from further spilling from the pipeline.The IOCL officials denied that the incident happened due to negligence. Deputy general manager S K Jain said, \"The incident happened not because of negligence but because of mechanical failure. The gas kit failed because of that the incident happened.\"Meanwhile, the Sitapura Industry Association claimed that they are living under constant fear because of the presence of the IOCL depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13329120", "title": "Cartoon row: Adi Dharam Samaj extends support to ex-NCERT adviser", "text": "JALANDHAR: Though there was a lot of noise in the Parliament on the issue of Dr Ambedkar's cartoon in a NCERT text book as MPs used their lung power to project themselves as true champions of dalits, but ground situation appears in stark contrast with Adi Dharam Samaj (ADS) - one of the biggest and radical organization of Valmiki community - gave a \"signed blank letter of support\" to Yogendra Yadav, who was NCERT's chief adviser and resigned after the controversy erupted.It was not just that ADS leaders and activists led by its founder Darshan Rattan Rawan expressed blind faith in Yadav by handing over this \"blank and signed letter of support\" to Yadav, but dalit students and activists too were jostling with one another to get themselves photographed with Yadav on Sunday.Yadav, better known as a psephologist, was the main speaker at a seminar on \"Indifference towards education in Valmiki/Mazahbi community\" organized by ADS in Jalandhar on Sunday. Yadav said the day he resigned, he received a text message from Rawan extending his support. \"After I received the message, I stopped worrying and I knew the dalit community was with me,\" he said in his address.He added that he was not afraid of any reaction from the dalit community as he had been working with them all this while, but was rather surprised to see how the Parliament was taken by storm.\"Instead of discussing serious business, the politicians wasted so much precious time over a cartoon,\" he added. The population Valmikis is in lakhs in Punjab, whose 33% of the total population belong to the dalit community, the highest in the country.It emerged in the seminar that though the community was second largest dalit community in Punjab, it was much behind the other major dalit community - Adidharmis - in education and in jobs. The speakers said that in place of finding fault with any other community their own should introspect. It also came out that the community lacked organized effort focusing on guiding the students.Rawan held that there were several customs in the community which should be shun without any delay and were responsible for keeping the community at the lowest social and economic strata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13334208", "title": "Jeypore stadium stuck in land limbo", "text": "KORAPUT: Uncertainty prevails over the Rs 1 crore plan of Integrated Tribal Development Agency (ITDA), Jeypore, to construct an indoor stadium in the town due to alleged lack of coordination among various departments involved in the construction of the proposed stadium.The ITDA has prepared the blueprint for the project at an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore and a fund of Rs 45 lakh has been sanctioned under the Backward Region Grant Fund since 2011-12 financial year, but the work is yet to commence as the agency has failed to obtain a suitable land for the purpose.Officials said though they have written to the concerned tehasildar and the municipality several times to provide a patch of around two acre land for the construction of the stadium, the fund is lying unused for the past two years.\"We have written to the tehsil office and the Jeypore municipality several times but we are yet to get a suitable patch of land for the purpose,\" said Jeypore ITDA project administrator Laxmi Dhar Das. \"As soon as we get the land, work for the stadium will start,\" he added.Jepore tehasildar Maheswar Naik said, \"We had offered land at few locations but the ITDA officials refused it saying that the land is not suitable for the construction of an indoor stadium. We are looking for a new patch of land in the town.\"Locals feel as the town lacks a well-equipped stadium, sincere efforts should be made to ensure the indoor stadium is constructed before the fund is returned for non-utilization. The stadium will also help in growth of indoor games in the region, people said.\"Presence of an indoor stadium will undoubtedly boost the efficiency of sports persons in various indoor games and will help in grooming budding players. Big tournaments could also be organized which will help in growth of indoor games like badminton, chess, table tennis, etc., in the district,\" said Kapilendra Singhlal, a veteran badminton player of Jeypore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "13333335", "title": "Bank of India floats scheme for poor schoolgirls", "text": "GUMLA: Girls of extremely poor families in Gumla district are now happy with the financial support extended by the Bank of India (BoI) in the district. They are getting money in their bank accounts to enable them to continue with their education. They have made themselves more attentive in class besides being the favourites of their families too.The change was made possible after the Bank of India (BOI) adopted 10 poor girls of classes VII &VIII; from three government middle schools of Gumla on the occasion of the district's foundation day last year.From January onwards, these girls began receiving money from their accounts with the bank, said BoI Gumla chief manager K A Borawake. \"We have transferred Rs3,500 in their accounts as yearly financial support to make them comfortable, regular and meritorious students till matriculation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13333888", "title": "Allahabad University yet to build ramps for physically challenged students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three months ago, Allahabad University vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh had directed the university authorities to construct ramps at various buildings on the campus for the convenience of physically challenged students. But, despite the V-C instructions, the ramps have still not been built.TOI through various reports has highlighted that owing to absence of ramps, physically challenged students face lot of problem in reaching the offices and departments at AU.Even the University Grants Commission (UGC) has issued instructions that educational institutions having more than 150 students should construct ramps on the campus. UGC secretary RK Chauhan sent a letter, dated September 29 (D.O No.F.6-1/2006 (CPP II), instructing AU and other institutions to make arrangements for the needs for physically challenged students.Apart from departments of English, electronics and communication (JK Institute), physics etc., the ramps would be constructed at the offices of DSW, V-C, Registrar, accounts and the Central Library. Among these, the DSW office is frequently visited by physically challenged students.Sources said though the engineering section of AU had moved a file asking for the sanction of V-C for the said project, but nothing has been done so far.AU finance officer PK Singh said, \"By mistake the clerk concerned put a wrong noting at the file mentioning the cost far below the actual estimate but the same has been corrected and soon the actual work will start providing relief to physically challenged students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13334803", "title": "IIT-JEE result: More girls successful this time", "text": "KANPUR: The joint entrance exam-2012 for IITs saw more participation of girls in the country this time.This year 1,68,568 girls had registered IIT-JEE, of which 2,886 cracked the exam and got rank in the general category list. A total of 1,902 girls belonging to different categories have been shortlisted for counselling. This number includes 1,000 girls who belong to general category.In 2011, 1,08,653 girl candidates had appeared in JEE and 1,443 of them were successful. All of these girls had received rank in the general category.Three girl candidates have found place in the top 100 general category ranks. A total of 33 girls have found place in the first 500 GE ranks. In first 1000 and 2000 GE category ranks, 78 and 150 got place.These numbers are much higher in other categories. Four girls are placed in top 100 OBC ranks and 21 in top 500 OBC ranks.Similarly, nine girls are placed in the top 100 SC ranks for girls and 50 in top 500 SC ranks.In ST category, 11 girls are placed in top 100 ST ranks and 61 in top 500 ST ranks.Among boys, 21,226 have found place in general category rank in JEE 2012. In JEE 2011, this number was 11,753.There is also a substantial increase in the number of students who have cracked JEE-2012 and given a call for counselling. In 2011, 13196 students were called for taking part in counselling whereas this year, 17,462 have been given an opportunity to participate in counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "13333340", "title": "Chancellor stays Bhupendra Narayan Mandal University syndicate polls", "text": "PURNIA: Bihar governor and chancellor Devanand Konwar has put the syndicate election of the Bhupendra Narayan Mandal University (BNMU), Madhepura, on hold, triggering a controversy.BNMU Senate, at its three-day meeting which ended on May 18, had paved the way for the holding of election of teachers as well as non-teaching staff members to its syndicate on May 26.The officer on special duty (OSD), BNMU, Arun Kumar Mishra, on Sunday, confirmed the chancellor's fiat putting the election of the syndicate on hold.A senior senator, Jai Krishna Mehta, however, maintained that the chancellor's stay order on the syndicate election was without rhyme or reason, and he had interfered with the democratic process of the university. The syndicate elections were announced after a gap of seven years, Mehta said. BNMU VC, despite several attempts, could not be contacted. The registrar said he was away from the university headquarters.However, a section of the teachers has welcomed the chancellor's decision to put on hold the syndicate election saying glitches like inaccuracies in the voters' list for the syndicate were not addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331572", "title": "Many courses, many classes", "text": "Credit transfer is no longer a Western concept. As part of the 'meta university' initiative, students in India, too, can now be part of a system, which will offer flexibility and cross university education, ensuring credit transfer between participating universities.SM Sajid, registrar, Jamia Millia Islamia, explains that the concept of meta university is a new one and a radical step taken by four universities - Jamia Millia Islamia, Delhi University , Jawaharlal Nehru University and the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi - to pool in their resources and offer programmes at the postgraduate level.Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor , Delhi University, adds, \"We hope to launch one aspect of meta university this July. It will be a Master's programme in mathematics in collaboration with Jamia Millia Islamia. The course will be delivered through a combination of online teaching, classroom studies and substantial project work. It is a 'limited' experiment that we are doing this year with not more than 10 students in the class. We will expand next year with more students.\"Elaborating, Sajid informs that the four institutes will jointly design and develop the courses, concentrating on three areas - PG diploma in public health, climate change and education.\"We would like to convert the diploma programmes to a full-fledged MA programme so that credit transfers can take place. We would also like to work on semester-transfers ,\" he says.Through semester-transfers , students can pick up and study a course in one college and later transfer it to another college. These programmes will be for two semesters. \"Initially,\" Sajid informs, \"we will have 30 seats for these courses. We are yet to finalise the eligibility criteria but most likely the eligibility criteria will be minimum 50% marks in graduation , along with an entrance test.\"However, senior academics are sceptical and feel that India is not yet ready for the meta university concept. According to Dr N Prabhu Dev, vice-chancellor , Bangalore University, it is not a workable plan as more than 75% of the universities in India are not accredited. \"In fact, some universities are only research-centric . How would they then link e-learning and content sharing with other universities?\"G Raghurama, director, BITS Pilani, however, feels that for the concept to succeed, it is imperative that there is a uniform structure and common practices in place. BITS Pilani has a credit transfer facility with some of the institutes in the US. But, as of now, it does not have a similar structured collaboration with any institute in India. Most universities in India , Raghurama stresses, do not have a uniform and common structure. Universities in the US have a broad consensus on how the curriculum is designed and other related aspects.- With inputs from Shashank Venkat in Mumbai; Amrapali Saha in Kolkata; Poonam Jain in Bangalore; Aaditi Isaac and Vatsala Shrangi in DelhiClass ActThe 21century meta university would be a network and an ecosystem rather than a single brick and mortar space. Though the internet and technology are fundamental to this concept of the meta-university , at the crux is not a new technology but a 'new pedagogy' that is more in tune with the requirements of the knowledge society of the 21century- Kapil Sibal , February 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13314450", "title": "Vivek, Mallika's song shoot at Filmistan", "text": "Dhishkiyaon, a track from Amit Chandrra's Kismet Love Paisa Dilli that Vivek Oberoi and Mallika Sherawat recently shot for, is also the title of Shilpa Shetty's next production starring Harman Baweja .Says a source, \"While Dhishkiyaon was being shot, it had Filmistan Studios buzzing. It captures the essence of Delhi and has over 100 Punjabi dancers along with VO and Mallika.The entire set was done up like the streets of old Delhi to authentically recreate the capital city's distinct flavour.\" All that is very well but what about poor Shilpa and Harman whose film releases much later than KLPD?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13333284", "title": "Rationalisation threat adds to Magadh University uncertainty", "text": "GAYA: The ongoing process of rationalization of sanctioned post of college teachers to make it fit into the 'actual strength of students' is likely to add to Magadh University (MU) uncertainty as a sizeable number of posts are set to be scrapped on the alibi of the subject being 'less popular' and scarcity of students in several subjects.According to sources, the committee constituted to re-assess the faculty requirements of higher education has already submitted its report to the state government and the latter has begun the exercise to abolish nearly 3,500 posts of teachers in the colleges and P-G departments of the state in one go. Once abolished, the number of sanctioned posts in the over 230 state-funded institutions of higher education will come down from the present 12,600 to 9,100.MU officiating VC Arun Kumar has taken the stand that rationalization was being done by the state government and the university had no role to play in the matter. The state government has only sought some inputs and they have been provided by the registrar, D K Yadav, said the officiating VC.As of now, MU accounts for nearly 3,200 of the existing 12,600 post of college teachers and that way, it remains the largest university of the state followed by B R Ambedkar Bihar University, Muzaffarpur, having 1,860 sanctioned posts. Being the largest university of the state, Magadh University is bound to be hardest hit by the rationalization storm. Sources in the education department say that the rationalization proposal will be placed before the state cabinet for its final approval and the serving teachers of the rationalization-hit subjects will be allowed to complete their service period.The less popular subjects as per MU examination section records include Pali, Sanskrit, Persian, Prakrit, Arabic, Maithili, LSW and public administration etc. During earlier scrutiny, some very interesting facts came to light. It was revealed by Krishna Kumar, the then OSD in the chancellor's office, that Pali as a subject was being taught in 17 different colleges. The total number of Pali teachers in the university was 40 and only 17 students were enrolled with the teacher-student ration being 2.35:1 in favour of students. Not only that, six teachers were found working in Bangla department without a single student to study Bangla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13334578", "title": "Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti meet turns a damp squib", "text": "BELGAUM: The Marathi convention 'Seema Melava' organized by the Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES) at Yallur village near Belgaum on Sunday, failed to pull the expected crowd, following the absence of prime leaders invited from Maharashtra.The MES delegation, headed by Kiran Thakur, met most of the important leaders of all political parties in Maharashtra, including CM Prithviraj Chavan, and invited them for the convention. Narayan Rane, Satej Patil and Harshavardhan Patil reportedly confirmed their participation, but none attended. Activists waited for the leaders for around three hours at the village entrance, but in vain, and the function finally began at 2pm, though it was to start at 11am.The internal dispute in the MES once again came to light during this convention, as leaders of the organization, like former MLA Manohar Kinekar, five-time Belgaum mayor Sambhaji Patil and forefront leader Deepak Dalavi stayed away.Though a massive crowd was expected, there were just around 5,000 people present, according to the police department. Most of the people returned home soon after the programme started as there was no important leader on stage. Yallur village, which has a population of over 15,000, is said to be a bastion of the MES. But even local participation was thin. MES leaders had declared that 40,000 people would attend.There were some red faces too, when activists of one Marathi youth organization pulled the banner tied to the stage when Kiran Thakur was speaking, and chanted slogans against Maharashtra's leaders for remained absent.MES leaders B I Patil, Y B Chougule, T K Patil, Vasantrao Pawar, Shivaji Sunthkar, Kiran Sainak, Manda Balekundri, Paraveeta Patil and Vijay More were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325373", "title": "Man drugged, robbed of gold worth Rs 90k in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: An unidentified person allegedly drugged the distributor of a juice manufacturing company by mixing sedatives in a glass of sugarcane juice and stole his gold ornaments worth Rs 90,000. The incident took place on May 17 at Morwadi in Pimpri.Sagar Ramdas Shelar (21) of Pimprigaon has lodged a complaint with the Pimpri police station on Saturday.Police sub-inspector S S Mali, who is investigating the case, said that when Shelar had gone for the delivery of an order, the suspect had approached him. The suspect placed an order and asked Shelar to come to Ajmera area in Pimpri on May 17 with the order.On May 17 around 11.15 am Shelar, his partner Pratap Lole and Lole's son went to Ajmera in their vehicle. The suspect took them to Morwadi and asked them stop the vehicle near a sugarcane juice centre. The suspect then requested Lole and Shelar to have a glass of sugarcane juice. \"Then he requested them to unload the consignment near the juice centre and asked Lole and his son to wait near the consignment,\" Mali said.On the pretext of bringing another person, who was interested in buying the product, the suspect asked Shelar to come with him. \"On the way, Shelar stopped the car as he started feeling drowsy. The suspect left stole his gold chain and bracelet and fled from the spot,\" Mali said.Mali said that when Shelar did not return till late in the afternoon, his relatives tried contacting him on his cellphone. When there was no response, they began a search for him. \"On reaching Morwadi, they found Shelar in the car and rushed him to a hospital,\" Mali said.Shelar gained consciousness on Saturday and lodged the complaint. \"He is out of danger now,\" Mali said.This was the fourth such incident since March 22 in and around the city. On March 22, an autorickshaw driver Manoj Dattatreya Lokhande (40) of Parvati Darshan was looted of his gold chain and cellphone amounting to Rs 50,000 by a customer. The suspect had mixed sedatives in his cold coffee before robbing him.Another incident took place on April 3, when a 50-year-old florist from Market Yard was drugged and robbed of his gold chain, two rings and cash amounting to Rs 66,000 by a suspect pretending to be a customer.Then on April, 10, a mutton shop owner was looted of his valuables worth Rs 45,000 by an unidentified customer, who drugged him by mixing sedatives in a glass of sugarcane juice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13333729", "title": "Air India crash: 159 cases settled for Rs 115 crore", "text": "MANGALORE: With just a day left for the second anniversary of the horrific crash of Air India (AI) Boeing IX 812, which resulted in the death of 158 persons including six crew members, the legal counsel for AI - Mulla &amp; Mulla, Mumbai - settled 159 of the 160 cases of passengers for Rs 115 crore.Advocate and solicitor Hoshang D Nanavati from Mulla &amp; Mulla told TOI that all cases barring one with a foreign firm had been settled either on full and final basis or as per the judgment of the Kerala high court.Kapil Aseri, chief of finance, Air India Express, said, \"While 130 cases were settled on full and final basis, 29 were settled as per the Kerala high court's judgment.Nanavati said, \"All claims for more compensation than the settled amount by the victims' families will be time-barred as per the Montreal Convention, which has set a two year period for appeals, if they have not filed a suit yet.\"Mahammed Beary, president of Mangalore Air Crash Victims' Families Association, said that about eight to 10 families of the crash victims, who were paid a compensation as per the Kerala HC's verdict might approach the civil court for more compensation or a minimum of one lakh SDR (Special Drawing Rights-- roughly Rs 75 lakh.)In January this year, the Supreme Court issued a notice to the Central government and AI on a petition by S Abdul Salaam seeking a minimum compensation of one lakh SDR under the Montreal convention each for the kin of all 158 persons killed in the crash. The matter will come up for hearing in October this year.Salaam, father of Mohammed Rafi, 24, who perished in the crash, approached the apex court after a division bench of Kerala high court in August, 2011 allowed AI's appeal and quashed an order by the single bench holding a minimum of one lakh SDRs to be payable in respect of death of each passenger.In the May 22, 2010 crash 158 persons were killed after an AIE aircraft from Dubai caught fire when it plunged into a valley after it overshot the runway while landing at Bajpe airport. There were only eight survivors. There were 160 passengers and six crew members including 19 children and four infants on the ill-fated aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329371", "title": "Industry's plea to reduce water charges rejected", "text": "NASHIK: The industry's plea to reduce water charges by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has been rejected by Nashik district collector P Velarasu, as they were earlier supplied water at subsidized rates.MIDC has been supplying 24 million litres per day to industries in Satpur and Ambad. Earlier, it would get water from the irrigation department and would pay a heavy royalty for it. Last year, MIDC laid its own 10-km pipeline from the Gangapur dam to a water filtration plant in Satpur.The industries had urged MIDC to reduce the water charges, but it refused. The issue was then taken up with Velarasu, who rejected the demand too.\"The water cess charged by MIDC from industries is Rs 15.5 per thousand litres. Earlier, MIDC would get water from the irrigation department and would pay a royalty of Rs 11.58 per thousand litters. But, MIDC laid down its own pipeline and now has to pay only Rs 3.84 per thousand litres to the irrigation department. The royalty decreased but MIDC still charges the industries the water cess at the old rate of Rs 15.5 per thousand litres. MIDC must reduce the charges by Rs 7.50 per thousand per litre,\" said Dnyaneshwar Gopale, president, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA).A MIDC official said, \"It's a policy decision. Earlier, we would take water from the irrigation department and it would cost us at Rs 22 per thousand litres. Nevertheless, we would charge Rs 15.5 per thousand litres from the industries, bearing a loss of Rs 6.50 per thousand litres. Our policy is to charge minimum and it must be affordable for the industries.\"Velarasu, said, \"It was a policy decision of MIDC and hence the charges can't be reduced. MIDC did not charge extra when it was paying a higher amount to the irrigation department.\"An MIDC official also said that it was a policy decision. \"The water charges are decided region-wise. We charge less even though our income is less than the expenditure on the water supply scheme. Last year, we laid a 10-km pipeline and we also built a 4-km service road along the pipeline, as there was a six-km service road of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).\"The official added, \"We spent around Rs 25 crore on the water supply project. The payback period for the expenses by MIDC is up to eight years. The water charges are not revised until the whole cost is recovered.\"The decision was taken by the head office, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13323939", "title": "Jamiat wants property rights for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind, which runs the largest number of madrasas across the country, has sought inheritance rights for Muslim women through amendment of existing laws.\"According to the law of our country, women are denied right to inheritance in agricultural land. This is against the law of Islamic inheritance. So, the existing law should be amended to ensure her rights,\" JuH leader Mahmood Madani told TOI.In Islam, women are treated as \"more than equal\", he said. \"However, in complete contrast to Islam, the women are being denied inheritance from her father and husband. It's a blot on Muslim society that they are denying our women their right,\" he added.Asked if they would face opposition from the community, Madani said, \"We will build up a movement through our network of mosques and madrasas to make people aware of women's rights.\"Farida Khanum, professor at Jamia Millia Islamia, however, was not too optimistic, saying, \"These are good as subjects of speech. I doubt if this can change a deep-rooted mindset.\"Indian Muslims give daughters dowry but deny her inheritance. \"Sura Al Nisa chapter 4 verse 11 of the Quran speaks clearly about women's right to inheritance. But to safeguard self-interest, this is conveniently ignored,\" said Khanum.JuH leaders also stressed on building educational institutions for girls. \"Many Muslims don't want to send their daughters to school, even if they can afford it, as schools or colleges are co-educational,\" said Niaz Ahmed Farooqui, JuH working committee member.However, there were hurdles for Muslims to set up schools. Drawing on personal experience, Madani said, \"I had bought land for Rs 1.50 crore in Dehradun to build schools for girls and boys. The then Congress government did not allow me.\"He approached the high court and won the lawsuit in 2011. \"Yet, I have not been allowed to begin work on that plot. If Jamiat, which opposed the two-nation theory and played a stellar role in the country's freedom struggle, is harassed this way, you can well imagine the plight of common Muslims,\" Madani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13321333", "title": "IPL 5: Mumbai brush aside Rajasthan by 10 wickets", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as Rajasthan batted in the inconsequential last league match of IPL 5 at Sawai Mansingh Stadium on Sunday, the chants in the stands went \"Sachin, Sachin\". That, though, was no indication that the fans of the host team had switched loyalties to Team Mumbai. Just that, they were showing affection for their favourite cricketer.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsHowever, in between the \"Sachin\" chants, the fans did not forget to cheer an Ashok Menaria four or a six. Rajasthan were just playing for pride, but the fans were not going to desert their team. Not when Lasith Malinga clean bowled Menaria with a perfect yorker that turned out to be a no-ball. The silent murmurs at a wicket lost were replaced by a loud cheer when the no-ball was announced. So what if it was a dead match, the packed house was here to enjoy it!If Mumbai looked at this match as a warm-up before the eliminator against Chennai, they would be mighty pleased. Chasing a decent target of 163, they toyed with Rajasthan bowlers to win with 10 wickets and 12 balls to spare. Sachin Tendulkar treated his fans to an unbeaten 58, even though it was his opener partner Dwayne Smith who played the dominant hand. The West Indian remained unbeaten on 87, an innings that would have inspired a lot of confidence in the Mumbai ranks. His innings included a minor glitch in a catch off a no-ball.Tendulkar, on the other hand, wasn't his free-flowing self. The miss-hits eluded the fielders and the cracking shots to the boundary were few and far between. The best one coming after he had crossed his 50, a cover drive off Shane Watson. Tendulkar would welcome these runs into his bag. This was his second half-century of the tournament and he is surely warming up for a really big one.The visitors were of course, helped by the Rajasthan bowling. Ajit Chandila was ineffective, Shaun Tait erratic and Shiddharth Trivedi mediocre. Added to that was the sloppy fielding. Rajasthan clearly have to work on these areas when they come back next season.For Rajasthan, things really did not start off the way they would have liked. The Rahul Dravid-Ajinkya Rahane opening partnership, which has been quite successful this season, lasted just nine balls as Dravid chased a wide ball into wicketkeeper Dinesh Karthik's gloves. That was Dhawal Kulkarni's first of three wickets for 18 runs, the second being Rahane and the third Menaria. It was Kulkarni's first game of the season and he would be quite happy.It was thanks to Shane Watson and Stuart Binny that the hosts posted a respectable score, which ultimately proved too little. Binny went after Mumbai skipper Harbhajan Singh, smashing him for three fours and a six in one over, the bowler's second and the team's 10th. He was run out, going for a single that wasn't there. That ended a productive 43-run partnership with Watson. Binny contributed 30 off 17 balls, an innings that would have been a lot more effective had it come a couple of matches earlier.The Australian, however, kept going, falling five short of a half-century. These two contributions boosted Rajasthan's score, with Owais Shah adding some more towards the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13327190", "title": "Two held in Old Goa arms case", "text": "PONDA: Following the investigation in the illegal arms and ammunition sale case, The Ponda police arrested two more persons including a panch member of the Old Goa village panchayat on late Saturday night. The Panch member has been handed over to Old Goa police.The Ponda police had seized arms and ammunition from two migrant persons Akhilesh Gupta and Toukik Lasur, both aged about 23, from Amrai Colony, near Kadamba bus stand on the outskirts of Ponda on Saturday afternoon.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar said that during an interrogation, the accused had revealed that they had another partner, Riyaz Shaikh, a resident of Muslimwada-Bhoma in Ponda. The accused had also said that they sold a pistol to the Old Goa panch Vinayak Phadte.The police immediately raided the houses of the Shaikh and Phadte and arrested them. Shaikh has been held by the Ponda police, while the Phadte has been handed over to the Old Goa police as he was arrested from their jurisdiction.Based on the Ponda police complaint, the Old Goa police have arrested Phadte under section 3 read with section 25 of the Arms Act 1959. The police have also seized the illegal pistol from Phadte.Cops have sought one day police custody of Phadte by producing him in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) in Panaji , while the trio in Ponda police custody have been remanded by Ponda JMFC Court to five days police custody, Govekar said.Revealing that the accused has revealed that the business of selling arms and ammunition in Goa was on since last year, the DySP Govekar said that they are now hunting for purchasers of arms and ammunitions from the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13353293", "title": "When Tena Desae forgot her lines!", "text": "Tena Desae, whose Bollywood films Yeh Faasleyand Sahi Dhandhe Galat Bandedidn't do too well at the box-office, had a dream Hollywood debut recently, as she starred along with the likes of Judi Dench, Dev Patel and a host of other well-known names in Oscar winning director John Madden's The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, which has been received well in India.However, she was so much in awe of Judi Dench that she forgot her lines in front of her! Says Tena, \"I was so much in awe of Judi Dench that once, I forgot to say my lines and she had to do a retake due to my mistake! But she was very sweet about it. What happened was that I was asked by John to watch her closely while she was emoting and she had a paragraph long dialogue to go with it. Now, I was so attentive that I completely got lost in the moment and after she was done with the scene, I forgot that it was my turn! It was a disastrous mistake on my part but was dealt with very gracefully by Judi.\"Tena, already being hailed as the next Freida Pinto , also has a lip-lock scene with Dev Patel in the film. She says, \"Initially, I wasn't very comfortable but on the day of the shoot, it went off very well. I guess it was more difficult for Dev because while I was facing only the rest of the unit, he was facing about 300 people who had come to watch the shoot!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13333951", "title": "Government sows seeds for massive plantation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has set a target to take up plantation over two lakh hectare ahead of the monsoon. The project would entail an expenditure of Rs 183 crore, official sources said on Sunday.At a meeting chaired by chief minister Naveen Patnaik , senior forest officers explained their plans relating to afforestation, avenue plantation, raising of saplings and utilization of funds under the Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Plantation Authority (CAMPA), the sources said.Compared to plantation over 1.82 lakh hectare with an expenditure of Rs 160 crore during 2011-12, it was decided to fix the plantation target in 2012-13 to two lakh hectare in 2012-13, an official release informed. Further, the target for avenue plantation this fiscal was set 1600 km as against 769 km done in 2011-12. Moreover, urban plantation and beautification activities would be taken up in 28 towns, instead of 12 towns where it was taken up last fiscal, sources said, adding, around three lakh saplings would be raised in Bhubaneswar. Plantation would be done in various educational institutions and other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13339901", "title": "Shilpa Shetty, Raj Kundra blessed with a baby boy", "text": "Shilpa Shetty and Raj Kundra have a healthy baby boy; the actress delivered during the early hours of Monday morningShilpa Shetty delivered a healthy baby boy at the break of dawn at a boutique hospital in Khar.Says a source close to Shilpa, \"The baby and mother are doing fine. Shilpa's husband Raj Kundra was by Shilpa's side from the beginning till the time she was admitted till her delivery at the break of dawn. It was only after he saw the baby that he finaly left home to go and rest. Raj and his family and Shilpa's entire family, including mother Sunanda and sister Shamita, were present. Dr. Kiran Coelho delivered the baby at a healthcare hospital in Khar. Though Shilpa was due any day on Sunday she had gone for a normal check up but the doctors admitted her immediately as the contractions had begun.\"The source adds that Shilpa and Raj are ecstatic at the news. Raj says, \"Baby boy! Hip hip hurray! Both mom and baby are fine!\"Shilpa and Raj have been married for three years and this is the couple's first baby. On 4th May Shilpa's sister Shamita had thrown a baby shower for her elder sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13323559", "title": "Now, yoga, sports part of MBBS curriculum", "text": "CHENNAI: When MBBS students go to medical college this year they'll have to carry yoga mats, bats and rackets along with their white coats and stethoscopes. The Medical Council of India, the statutory body regulating medical education, has made yoga and sports a part of the undergraduate medical education curriculum.The Regulations on Graduate Medical Education, 2012 released by the MCI allot nearly 4% of the total teaching hours in the first two years of MBBS to sports and extracurricular activities including yoga.\"Our medicos will no longer be dull boys. They will be able to unwind on the playground. We will teach students how they can stay healthy and fit by practising yoga and participating in sports,\" said a senior member of MCI. At the MCI's national summit in September 2011, vice-chancellors from medical universities from across the country were informed that certain alterations would be made to the MBBS course with a focus on students. The MCI made it mandatory for students to undergo a two-month foundation course, which will include yoga and sports, at the beginning of the academic year.Though most medical colleges have cultural programmes and sports, the MCI has now made sports part of the academic curriculum. Under the new regulations, 78 of the total of 1,880 academic hours in the first two years will be allotted to sports, extracurricular activities and yoga.Medicos usually have few activities outside academics, said Madras Medical College dean Dr V Kanakasabai. \"Physical education was neither a priority nor was it mandatory for medical students,\" he said.Sports experts say they expect medical colleges to take physical education more serious than schools. \"Most medical colleges have huge playgrounds that conform to national standards. If professionals are appointed as trainers, they can help students stay fit,\" said Dr Madhu Thottappillil, consultant to BCCI.The modifications in the curriculum have been welcomed by academicians. \"It's a good thing that students will not have only lessons once they enter medical college,\" said Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Mayil Vahanan Natarajan.Medicos will be taught about national health priorities and policies, universal vaccinations, ethics, patient safety including cost of treatment, healthcare financing, language and interpersonal skills and use of information technology in healthcare services.\"India was the only country where ethics was not part of the medical curriculum. Our doctors should be on par with the best in the world,\" said a senior MCI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13334102", "title": "2 held for robbing student", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An auto-rickshaw driver and another man were arrested on Sunday for allegedly manhandling and robbing a PhD student of National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) in Bhubaneswar last week. The student, Basujit Chaterjee (28), from Kolkata had hired an auto-rickshaw from Bhubaneswar railway station on May 15 night to reach his house near Sainik School. The accused auto-rickshaw driver, Kabuli Sahoo, and two accomplices Kuna Patra alias Siba and Manas Pradhan allegedly beat Chaterjee and decamped with his gold ring, cell phone, some cash and other objects.\"One of the trio even attacked the student with a knife. He sustained minor injuries. They attacked him in a dark street near Indira Gandhi Park,\" said an officer of Capital police station.Chaterjee lodged a complaint at Capital police station on Wednesday. \"After inquiry, we identified the accused. Kabuli and Siba were arrested while Manas is still at large. He would be nabbed soon,\" the police officer said. \"We seized the auto and recovered the student's gold ring and some important papers,\" the cop informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328554", "title": "Municipal workers stage dharna outside minister's house", "text": "GURGAON: After spending over a month in demonstrations and recurrent tool-down strikes, municipal workers of Gurgaon and several other parts of Haryana gathered for a dharna in front of the residence of Gopal Kanda - minister of state for urban local bodies - in Civil Lines on Sunday.Over a thousand workers participated in the agitation, demanding among other things an end to the supremacy of contractors in the region and at least 15,000 permanent jobs for daily-wage class-3 and class-4 employees throughout Haryana.\"We have been demonstrating since the first week of April, and nobody in the government has paid any attention to us. That's why we are here now,\" said Naresh Kumar Shastri, state president, Nagar Palika Karmchari Sangh. Although the minister wasn't present at his Gurgaon home at the time of the demonstration, he will be meeting with the workers' representatives on May 23 in Chandigarh.The demonstrators included workers under the sanitation and horticulture department of the MCG and other civic bodies, who are mainly hired through third-party contractors.Speaking to TOI over the phone, Kanda said that he will hear the workers' case in Chandigarh in the coming week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327660", "title": "Burglars decamp with cash, jewellery", "text": "LUCKNOW: Burglars struck at a house in Jankipuram and decamped with Rs 15,000 and jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh on Friday late night. An FIR was registered with the police on Saturday morning.Strangely, at the time of the incident, a woman, identified as Preeti Pandey, a lecturer at a degree college, and her two daughters were sleeping in the house when the burglars struck.It was only in the morning, when the family members woke up that they found almirah lockers removed and jewellery and cash missing from the house. According to the police, the miscreants removed the kitchen grill, entered the house and committed the crime.The family members said they believe that the miscreants had used some sedatives to make them unconscious. \"I think the thieves had used a spray on us that's why we didn't get to know when the theft happened. We were asleep and came to know about the theft early in the morning when I woke up,\" said Preeti. However, the police have not confirmed the use of spray.A few suspects have been picked up but no headway has been made in the case, the police said. Finger prints which were found on plastic jars and jewellery boxes have been sent for investigation, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13352160", "title": "Rave party: I came for birthday party, didn't know about rave, says Rahul Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pune Warriors cricketer Rahul Sharma today refuted the allegation that he was present at a rave party at a Mumbai hotel, claiming that he had gone there to attend a birthday celebration.\"I was invited to a birthday party. Wayne Parnell was with me, I did not know that there was a rave party at the hotel,\" said the spinner, who along with his Pune Warriors teammate, was detained by the police after a raid at the Hotel Oakwoods in Juhu.\"We reached there at around 7 in the evening and all of a sudden within half an hour of us reaching there, the police raid happened. We didn't know what was happening, I asked the police officers and they told me that a raid was in progress,\" he told PTI-Bhasha.Sharma said he has been cooperative with the police and claimed that he has never touched alcohol.\"We have cooperated with the police and have even given medical tests. I belong to a simple family and have not even had a beer in my life, where does the question of attending a rave party arise?\" he asked.\"I have told everything to the team management and things would be clear once the medical report comes out,\" he said.Police detained 96 people after the raid at the hotel late last night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13327112", "title": "Truck hits bike in Sanganer area, 1 killed", "text": "JAIPUR: A 28-year-old youth was killed while his friend sustained grave injuries after their motorbike was hit by a truck near Shyopur area in Sanganer locality here during early hours on Sunday. According to the police, the youths were not wearing helmet.According to the police, four friends, who were working as recovery agents, were going to the 200-feet bypass area from Mansarovar to have dinner on two bikes. One Rampratap (28) and his friend Mahaveer (26) were on a bike while two others, Radhey Mohan (25) and Sat Narayan (26) were on the other bike.When Rampratap was passing through the Shyopur area at 12.30 am on Sunday, a rashly-driven truck coming from the opposite direction hit the motorbike.\"Both the youth sustained grave injuries and Rampratap succumbed in the hospital,\" said an officer from police control room accident (south).Police said that none of the youths were wearing helmets and thus sustained grave head injuries.Some passers-by called the ambulance and also informed the police.\"The injured youth Mahaveer is undergoing treatment at the SMS hospital and his condition was critical according to the hospital authorities,\" the officer added.A case under section 304A (death by negligence) was also registered against the driver of the truck, who managed to flee from the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327357", "title": "CMO murder case: Now, Dhananjay is under CBI scanner?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI interrogation of the suspects and accused in the CMOs murder case has brought Bahujan Samaj Party's Jaunpur MP Dhananjay Singh under the scanner. The Central probe agency sources are confident that it's only a matter of time before the sleuths connect the missing links that would allow them to lay hands on the Jaunpur MP. The CBI sources say that the main reason for the BSP MP coming under its lens is his proximity with BSP MLC Sanjay Dwivedi, who has recently been questioned by the agency.Also, the CBI believes that a suspect who is a resident of Vikasnagar had provided shelter to the shooters a day before Dr Arya's murder. The suspect, sources said, had been called for questioning on Saturday and Sunday. The suspect is said to be in regular touch with the BSP MP.Speculations about Dhananjay's involvement in the case started doing rounds when BSP MLC Sanjeev Dwivedi alias Ramu Dwivedi was called for quizzing by the CBI. Ramu is said to be a close aide of Singh and apparently became the MLC with the latter's blessing. It is strongly believed that Dhananjay and Ramu have complete information about each other's activities, said a source close to the group.Ramu had evaded direct answers when CBI questioned him about the shooters and their links with him. He even told the CBI that he was close to former family planning minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and not to former health minister Anant Mishra 'Antu'. Kushwaha is currently in jail for his alleged involvement in the National Rural Health Mission scam. However, Ramu remained tightlipped when CBI questioned him on the links between Dhananjay and Mishra.CBI investigation in the CMO murder case picked up after the arrest of former CMO Dr AK Shukla on May 6. Agency sources claim they have enough evidence to prove that Dr Shukla was the key conspirator in the murder of CMO family welfare Dr Vinod Kumar Arya. Dr Arya was shot dead in Vikasnagar on October 27, 2010. About six months later, his successor Dr BP Singh was also shot dead in a similar manner in Gomtinagar on April 2, 2011.The UP Special Task Force had nabbed two alleged shooters, Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma, and a civil contractor RK Verma on June 17 last year. The STF claimed that Verma had hired killers to eliminate Dr BP Singh at the behest of deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan.But, five days later Dr Sachan was found dead in Lucknow jail under mysterious circumstances. Following this, the high court handed over the investigations into murder of two CMOs and death of Dr Sachan along with NRHM scam to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13325047", "title": "Molestation case: Indian player warned Zohal Hamid to drop case against IPL player Luke Pomersbach?", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh twist to the alleged molestation of an American national at an IPL party on Friday, an Indian member of IPL's Team Bangalore allegedly helped accused cricketer Luke Pomersbach , first when the Australian tried to enter the victim's room a second time and again by warning her to drop the case.The victim, Zohal Hamid, told TOI that a \"skinny Indian guy\" had tried to get Pomersbach into her room after he had attempted to molest her and attacked her partner, Sahil Peerzada. The same man, she said, approached her at Primus Hospital later that day, and asked her to withdraw the charges against his teammate.Based on CCTV footage, police have identified the cricketer as K P Appanna , a left-arm spinner from Karnataka who has played several games for Team Bangalore in the current IPL season. Despite several attempts, the team management could not be contacted on phone, and did not answer an e-mailed questionnaire on Appanna's alleged role in the affair.Delhi Police officials said they would investigate the matter. \"This is a fresh allegation and we are investigating it. We have identified the man with Luke in the CCTV footage as IPL player Appanna,\" said Additional CP (New Delhi) K C Dwivedi.The CCTV footage obtained from the hotel shows Luke, along with hotel security guard Vikas Yadav and another man - identified by cops as Appanna - walking out of the lift towards Zohal's hotel room.While the man, along with the guard, is seen walking towards the room, Luke hangs back. The Australian later walks towards the room and then backtracks after being refused entry. Delhi Police officials told TOI that Appanna had come to ask Zohal if a Bangalore team official was in the room. Zohal claimed to TOI that when she opened the door slightly, the \"skinny Indian guy\" tried to force it open, even as Luke too tried to barge in.\"I was trying to close the door because I was already very frightened and Sahil was lying inside the room all bloody and beaten up. The skinny Indian guy and Luke tried to open the door while I had to force it shut. The hotel guard was standing outside doing nothing to help me,\" she alleged.Zohal told TOI that she was approached by different men at the Primus Hospital and later at the ITC Maurya Sheraton hotel who threatened her, and asked her to drop the charges against Luke. Among these men, the same \"skinny Indian guy\" threatened her, she said.\"There was a big white guy with Luke at the hospital on Friday morning. He was wearing a yellow t-shirt or a shirt and wanted to talk to me. He was outside the hospital entrance and kept saying something to me. All I heard was 'Drop the charges' and I ran inside the building to avoid him,\" she said.Later, when Sahil's wound was being stitched, Zohal said another person approached her but she refused to speak to him. \"He was this short chubby guy and said that he was from the IPL team. He identified himself as Avinash and gave my friend his number, asking me to call him. I was really scared.\"She said that this person was accompanied by the same \"skinny Indian guy\" who had tried to enter her hotel room along with Luke earlier in the day. \"This skinny Indian guy kept following me back and forth, while I was rushing around inside the hospital. I screamed at him, 'Leave me alone' but he would not let me go and kept following me. He told me, 'Withdraw the case. It's not going to take you anywhere', but I rushed away from him. I mentioned this to the police as well but they have not written it in the FIR,\" she said.She also said that when she returned to the hotel on Friday morning to collect her belongings, there were five-six \"white men\" waiting at the entrance of her room to speak to her. \"I rushed inside. The men wanted to speak to me but I was in shock and felt in danger after what had taken place a short while ago. I didn't allow anyone to come into my room. Even when we were leaving, the men were still standing there and tried to talk to me.\" Zohal said cops had told her that they would scrutinize the CCTV footage, adding that these incidents took place between 10 and 11.20am. \"I can identify the guys if I see the footage. One of them had either white or sharp blonde hair,\" she said.Asked about the allegations, additional CP Dwivedi said, \"The FIR was registered at 10.30am and the alleged incident happened at 11.30am when she went to pick up her clothing. Moreover, the statement on which the FIR was based was in English, dictated and signed by her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13351798", "title": "Five arrested for betting on IPL match", "text": "RAJKOT: A betting network was busted and five persons were arrested in two separate raids in the city, police said on Monday.The five accused were receiving bets on an IPL match played between Royal Challengers, Bangalore and Deccan Chargers, Hyderabad on Sunday evening, police said.Acting on a tip-off, Rajkot crime branch sleuths raided a house in Dholariya Nagar area of the city on Sunday and arrested Sudhir Patel and Raju Sandhi while they were receiving bets.In an another raid, three more persons -- Hitesh Solanki, Haresh Parmar and Karsan Zala -- were nabbed from Ring road area, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326794", "title": "Rajasthan simmers, mercury continues upward march", "text": "JAIPUR: Dust storms and mild showers failed to halt the upward march of the mercury in state. Majority of districts saw the temperature crossing the 40-degree mark on Sunday.Jhalawar recorded the highest temperature of 44 degrees Celsius and was the hottest district in the state, as per the Met reports. Jaipur too witnessed the hottest afternoon of this season so far with the temperature going up to 41.6 degrees, a degree above normal. The morning was far from being pleasant at 27.3 degrees, two degrees above normal.The blistering heat forced people to stay indoors despite it being a Sunday. In the evening, Jaipurites opted for a visit to the malls to avoid the hot winds.The Met predicts no relief for the denizens as the mercury will continue to go up over the next week, especially in border districts-Barmer, Jaisalmer, Sriganganagar. Jodhpur and Churu too will continue to boil, with the Met expecting the temperature to rise to 45 degrees in some parts.On Sunday, Barmer recorded a maximum temperature of 43.3 degrees Celsius, followed by Churu at 43.2, Kota at 42.7, Sriganganagar at 42.6. Bikaner simmered at 42.2, Jaisalmer at 42.1, Vanasthali 41.9, Chittorgarh 41.7, Jodhpur 41.3, Ajmer 40.5 and Udaipur 40.2 degrees Celsius.The weatherman forecasts brief spell of rain in northern and eastern parts of the state over the next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328832", "title": "Cops to approach embassy to extradite accused", "text": "COIMBATORE: The rural police have planned to approach Indian Embassy in Singapore for deporting an accused in a robbery case after he managed to evade arrest and flee from the country.\"Karthick of Sivaganga district had completed ITI and is working as painter in Singapore. Recently he came to India and involved in the robbery along with his friends. He had sold a car which was stolen from a farm house at Thirumalayampalayam. Karthick had gone to Singapore and we have planned to approach our Indian embassy in Singapore. We believed that he would be deported from the country soon,\" said E S Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore district.Another accused Karuthapandi of Sivaganga district is absconding. A special team is camping at Madurai to arrest the accused and seize the car, the SP added.On May 19, the Coimbatore rural police have arrested R Muthurag, 24, K Selvam, 23 and J Manikandan, 23 of Sivaganga district in connection with a robbery case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13321987", "title": "Braveheart techie nabs killer after chase, scuffle", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a city where people usually drive past without stopping to help citizens in need, here's a story with a difference. When a 23-year-old software engineer saw a man being brutally attacked by another, he risked his own life to chase the assailant and nab him.Though the victim of the assault could not be saved, Kundan Jaiswal's courage ensured that the attacker, identified as Suraj, is now behind bars. Jaiswal was travelling through the Pragati Maidan area in an autorickshaw around 9pm on Saturday, when he heard a scream from the direction of the boat club in front of the Old Fort.\"I spotted a man hitting someone with a big stone. I asked the driver to pull over and rushed towards them. The victim was lying in a pool of blood,\" said Jaiswal.Jaiswal yelled at the attacker and charged at him. The attacker panicked, then tried to intimidate him. \"When he pointed the boulder at me, I paused but then gathered courage and continued to run towards him with my hands in front of my face to save myself if he threw the boulder at me,\" Jaiswal said.Seeing Jaiswal undeterred, the attacker ran. The engineer chased him for around 400 metres through the busy Mathura Road. Finally catching hold of the assailant, Jaiswal hung on despite the man hurling blows at him. Soon his auto driver came to his rescue and, together, they too overpowered the man.They called the police who arrived within a few minutes and took custody of the accused. The assault victim, who is yet to be identified, was taken to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital where he was declared brought dead. Doctors said he had died due to excessive bleeding and head injuries. His body will be kept for 72 hours for identification.During interrogation, the assailant, Suraj, said he lived a vagabond's life in and around Connaught Place. Police are trying to find out if Suraj was trying to rob the victim. A case of murder under section 302 has been registered at the Tilak Marg police station.\"Jaiswal showed great courage by not caring for his own safety. He could have become a victim too if the attacker was carrying arms. But despite that he chased and caught the accused,\" said a senior police officer. At the time of the attack, Kundan was returning home to Kalkaji, where he lives with his family, after shopping at Chandni Chowk. He has recently completed a course in software engineering from the National Institute of Information Technology in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327364", "title": "Now, enjoy meals on toy trains", "text": "KOLKATA: With the scorching heat taking a toll on people in the plains, a visit to Darjeeling might be a good idea. And when in the Hills, one cannot miss out a ride on the toy train. To make the ride even more convenient for travellers, soon food will be served during the journey. Besides, restaurants will also come up at four prominent stations - Kurseong, Sonada, Ghoom and Darjeeling.The state tourism department is tying up with the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) to set up four \"glass house restaurants\" at these four stations.According to the state tourism secretary Raghvendra Singh, \"We are tying up with IRCTC for these restaurants to be set up at the stations so that people who wait at the stations can have lovely meals as well as get a view of the hills.\"Stations will, however, not be the only ones to benefit from this tie-up. Despite the various drawbacks of the hills which include political tension, problems of drinking water and ill-maintained railway stations, the toy trains are a major attraction of the Hills. Such is its demand among tourists, that during summers one has to book a seat well in advance. To give the joy rides a further boost, meals will be served on the toy trains. The tie-up will prove to be extremely beneficial for toy trains as well, felt officials.There are three trains that ply in the Hills. While one plies between Darjeeling and Ghoom and one between Kurseong and Darjeeling, another plies between Siliguri and Rangtong. Though there are 17 stations in the toy-train route, Kurseong, Sonada, Ghoom and Darjeeling are the most prominent ones and hence setting up restaurants here will attract a large number of visitors.The plan is being discussed currently between the two departments, so it will take some time to be set up and cannot be expected this summer, said an official. \"It is well on track,\" he added.Such initiatives will woo tourism but what the stations primarily need are regular cleaning and maintenance, felt people of the Hills.According to a senior official of the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, work has already started inside the trains which will make them look prettier.The toy train on the Darjeeling Himalayan section connects Darjeeling with Siliguri. However, the entire section is not active at the moment, and the most commonly taken route is from Darjeeling to Ghoom, the others being Darjeeling to Kurseong and Siliguri to Rangtong. The Batasia loop that gives a panoramic view of Darjeeling is a pleasant halt and has a memorial of Gorkha soldiers of the Indian Army who had sacrificed their lives after Independence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13330374", "title": "Evaluators for preserving flawless answer sheets", "text": "LUDHIANA: An examiner once wrote on the answer sheet of Dr Rajendra Prasad , the first President of India, \"Examinee knows better than examiner\" and the answer sheet was eventually preserved. That was a century ago.On similar lines Panjab University is now mooting a proposal sent by certain college evaluators who have been finding \"flawless answer sheets\" during marking process this season and have suggested preserving these.In a proposal sent on behalf of the evaluators by a teacher of Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42 and a PU senator Dilip Kumar to PU Vice Chancellor, it has been recommended \"To upload the best attempted answer sheets or model answer sheets,\" citing the case of the answer sheet of Rajendra Prasad. This way, other students would have a fair idea of how to attempt the questions, claim these teachers.\"The suggestion of evaluators is a welcome move. Even the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has been following a similar mechanism. We will upload the model answer sheets from different subjects on the web portal for students to know how to attempt the exam well. If the evaluators identity such papers for us, we will preserve them,\" says A K Bhandari, PU registrar and controller of examination (CoE) taking cognizance of evaluators' suggestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13325738", "title": "In 4 years, Mumbai\u2019s grocery bill soars 100%", "text": "MUMBAI: The burden of price rise shows no signs of reducing. A review of retail prices of everyday food items in Mumbai shows that several of them have almost doubled over the last four years. While milk cost Rs 24 per litre in 2008, the price today stands at Rs 52. Even the cost of potato has risen from Rs 8-10 per kg to Rs 15-18 in under 5 years.No wonder then, many average Mumbaikars are struggling to keep the kitchen running as before. \"Consumers are paying 100% more for most items than they did three or four years ago. The prices of sugar, sunflower oil have shot up. Common vegetables sold for 25-30 per kg, now cost Rs 60-80,\" says Shama Shaikh, a homemaker from Jogeshwari. The commerce ministry on Monday said vegetable prices shot up 60.97% in April compared to a 30.57% rise in March.The price pinch runs deeper though, it appears. Black pepper, which cost Rs 25-30 per 100 gm in 2008, now costs Rs 60. Turmeric that was steady at Rs 14 per 100 gm hit an all-time high of Rs 34 before settling at Rs 28.Red chilly is the new scorcher at Rs 32 per 100 gm, having risen from Rs 14-15. Cumin seeds remained steady at Rs 15 before escalating skyward to Rs 32 per 100 gm.Vinod Nair, a Vashi-based software engineer, says, \"I hope policy wonks in the government realize that price rise on any front has a domino effect. If my food bill increases, the funds left for everything else shrink correspondingly. My salary, after all, is not a bottomless pit.\"The helplessness is echoed by Sharmila Ghosh, a general practitioner living in Andheri. \"Vegetable prices burn a hole every month in my pocket. Where I live, capsium costs Rs 40 per kg; not very long ago, the rate was around Rs 15,\" she says.The public anger also sprouts from the seeming apathy of the government. Francis Fernandes, a salesperson living in Mulund, points out that a news channel was broadcasting images of farmers spreading out foodgrain stocks in a crematorium for want of storage space on Monday-the same day, the commerce ministry put out double-digit figures of 10.49% for food inflation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13334106", "title": "The best of both worlds", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the Union human resources development ministry proposing to replace the IIT-JEE with a single entrance test for all engineering colleges including IIT, NIT and private institutes from 2013, coaching centres in Odisha are planning to change their strategy as well. Many of them are tying up with schools and self-financing colleges to provide classroom coaching for both school curriculum as well as the entrance test.In the proposed system, candidates will be selected on the basis of their performance in the Class XII board examination as well as their marks in the common entrance test. At present, candidates are selected on the basis of their marks in IIT-JEE in physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM) and Class XII results do not play a role in the final marking system.\"Since the Class XII board exam marks will also be taken into consideration, there will be a lot of competition to secure good marks in both exams. In this case, expert coaching will still be there. But, the modules would be modified as per the students' requirements and equal focus will be given to both the exams,\" said Abhay Kumar Swain, director of Vidwan Coaching Centre.Sai International School chairman B K Sahoo, \"Students aspiring for a career in engineering have to go to a coaching centre to learn about time-management and other aspects of the entrance exam. We are providing that facility in schools by tying up with the coaching centres.\"Principal of Mother's Public School, Poly said there is need for combined coaching for both school and entrance test. \"We are giving additional coaching to students who are keen to study engineering. They are called Mother Engineering batch. We have appointed additional teachers for them. Though the presentation style is different in IIT-JEE and Class XIII board exams, the curriculum of both are almost similar. Therefore, our faculty teach how to present the same thing in two different ways. It saves time spent in coaching classes and provides students time for self study.\"Eighteen students of the school have qualified the IIT-JEE this year and the school had tied up with a coaching centre.Vardhan further said that students do prefer integrated coaching programmes for both board exam and IIT. \"If in the school hour, they can finish study for both the board exam and coaching centre then they would get extra time for self study.\"At present, there are three types of examination to apply for an engineering course including the IIT-JEE for IITs, the All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) for NITs and the state board engineering exams for state engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322452", "title": "Low turnout for UPSC preliminary exam in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) civil services preliminary examination, which was conducted in the city on Sunday, witnessed a low turnout with only 40,000 candidates appearing for the exam. The exam was conducted in 81 centres across the city. However, according to officials, only 48% of the total applicants had turned up for the exam.The reason behind the low attendance was due to the APPSC Group-I examination scheduled to be held next week. As the general category applicants have only four attempts to clear the UPSC exam, many did not want to waste an attempt. There was no change in the question paper pattern this year. However, the focus was on economy, history and politics.Students said paper-II was tougher compared to previous year's exam. Gopal Krishna, director, Brain Tree coaching centre said, \"There was a clear advantage for students from urban background, particularly for those from English medium. The paper laid a lot of emphasis on comprehension with analytical questions based on English language.\"Differential marking was introduced for the first time in eight questions in paper-II under which the most probable answer would be awarded highest marks and the least probable answer would be given lowest marks. The results are expected to be announced between July 15 and August 1. The UPSC mains will be conducted in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13334595", "title": "Man on 25,000 km Nano ride in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: It is an \"expedition to explore\" for a 62-year-old car enthusiast from Kochi, who is attempting to cover around 25,000 km through the 28 states of India and neighbouring Bhutan in a Tata Nano car.\"It is not a joyride but an expedition to explore the country and know the people,\" Thomas Chacko, a company secretary by qualification, said here today.He reached Guwahati yesterday and has so far covered 5,400 km during the trip.Starting from Mumbai on May 3, Chacko has travelled through the cities of Indore, Bhopal , Khajuraho, Allahabad, Varanasi, Patna, Ranchi, Murshidabad, Malda, Jalpaiguri, Gangtok and Darjeeling before entering Bhutan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322146", "title": "IPL 5: Didn't play right shots, says Virat Kohli", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was so near yet so far for Team Bangalore. The Virat Kohli-led side knew exactly what they needed to get into the playoffs - a win against a side which was in complete disarray this season. A South African in the form of AB de Villiers had bailed them out in their earlier game against Hyderabad but on Sunday it was another South African pair - Dale Steyn and JP Duminy - who snuffed out Bangalore's aspirations at the RJIC Stadium on Sunday evening.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsA distraught Kohli had only his team to blame for the debacle while adding that Dale Steyn made a big difference on the day. \"He really bowled well. We had to see off Steyn and then target the other bowlers. I don't think we played the right kind of shots on this wicket. We had to step up the run rate a bit, so I had to take chances. But in the end my wicket changed the whole face of the match. We were poised at that stage, needing 30 off 25 balls but we failed to get home. Today we made a lot of mistakes and we need to learn from it,\" he said.Did Gayle's early loss put the side on the back foot? \"Gayle is always a big player for us. But other players are also always ready to step in. But unfortunately it could not happen today. It was bad play from us. He has been with us for the last two years and the others always stepped up and contributed when he failed. Unfortunately we could not do it today. We should have read the wicket better.\"What were the reasons for the loss? \"When a team has nothing to lose, they go all out and play free cricket. They bowled in good areas. I don't think the wicket was that bad to bat on although it was two-paced but if you got yourself in you could hit some big shots at the end of the innings. Apart from the small partnership between me and Saurabh, we could not build any sort of partnership,\" he said.Asked if they were a bit slow in the middle overs, he said: \"You can't smash every ball. When you lose wickets you got to analyse and see that you stretch the game till the end. There are difficult decisions to be made out in the middle. If you get out playing a shot, people will say you needed to have patience etc. So there is always two sides to the coin.\"Was the team a bit complacent ahead of the game? \"I told the boys to be positive, to play the way they want and not be complacent at all. It is one of those days when we didn't get it right. We had been batting brilliantly throughout the tournament as a team. But on this day the batsmen were beaten on straight balls. Most of those balls would have been smashed to the boundaries on any other day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347306", "title": "Sonakshi In Judwaa 2?", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha is on a roll. Filmmakers are making a beeline to cast this fresh face in their ambitious ventures.And the latest to join the bandwagon is producer Sajid Nadiadwala who wants to pencil her in one of the leads of Judwaa 2. \"Sajid is remaking his 1997 hit the Salman Khan starrer Judwaa . But with a lot of changes and has wants Sonakshi to play the female lead.\"Reports have it that the original director, David Dhanwan, has been replaced by Sajid Khan, and Saif Ali Khan is to step in Salman Khan's shoes.\"Sonakshi Sinha has been almost finalised to play the female lead,\" said our source. Karisma Kapoor and Rambha played the female leads in the original", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13333773", "title": "North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization felicitates railway employees", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To provide encouragement to railway employees working in far flung areas and who discharge their duties on line, North Central Railway Women Welfare Organization felicitated about 200 employees of Group D category. The felicitation was organised recently at the officers club situated at the DSA ground.Presiding over the function, president of Allahabad division of NCR Women Welfare Organization Bimla Rao said railway employees posted on the line provide valuable services of railways. Their families are pillar of strength when they are away from them and discharge their duties.Bimla Rao gave awards and meritorious certificates to the meritorious employees. Of the 200 railway employees felicitated, about 105 employees belong to the engineering department, 30 to electrical department, 30 to signaling and telecommunications department and 35 to operating department. Rao added that the organization would continue to give award for the employees in future also.The office bearers of the Allahabad division of NCRWWO present on the occasion included Kshama Mishra, Yogita Singh, Romesh Goyal, Archana Chaturvedi, Ruchi Ojha, Geeta Maurya, Seema Kulshretha, Anjali Kanchan and Rinki Ranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327262", "title": "Mourners eye VIP facility at crematorium, Kolkata Municipal Corporation in a fix", "text": "KOLKATA: So far, we were only aware of reservations on trains or in educational institutions. But reservation at crematoriums is the latest addition to the list. With friends and family of the deceased vying for a VIP funeral ceremony, getting a slot booked at the Keoratolla crematorium is getting difficult with the day.The sub-registers at Keoratolla are getting flooded with calls from VIPs - mostly politicians and bureaucrats - to reserve an electric furnace for the bodies that they recommend. This has sparked off a debate among the councillors as to who should be given a VIP status when it comes to reservation at a crematorium as special as Keoratolla.This was not the case always with Keoratolla where legends like Uttam Kumar, Satyajit Ray and more recently, Siddhartha Shankar Ray were cremated. Though theirs was a different case altogether, even a couple of years back, there was no reservation at any of the city crematoriums.After receiving negative feedbacks from people across the city, the KMC authorities last month formed a five-member committee to determine who will be accorded a VIP berth. The committee comprises state urban development minister Firhad Hakim, the member, mayor-in-council member (MMiC) Atin Ghosh, overseeing the KMC health department, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, the municipal commissioner Arnab Roy and the chief municipal health officer Dipankar Das. The KMC health department manager Debasis Sen has been given the power to look after city's crematoriums including Keoratolla VIP chulli. Sen on Friday said that henceforth the VIP electric furnace at Keoratolla will be used strictly on the recommendations of the five-member committee.Mala Roy, a Congress councillor who lives near the crematorium and has nurtured it for years, had recently alleged that anybody and everybody was being given a VIP treatment at Keoratolla, courtesy a section of Trinamool Congress leaders in the KMC. Roy accused Atin Ghosh of having created a VIP quota at Keoratolla which often leads to utter confusion among the mourners. \"It has now become a status symbol and even ordinary people are making a beeline to avail of the VIP advantage at Keoratolla,\" Roy said.Reacting to Roy's allegations, Ghosh said that no electric furnace at is reserved for the VIP. \"We have only identified a furnace that is used for emergency purpose. Sometimes we get calls from VIP personalities demanding special treatment for performing the last rites of their close relatives and friends. In such cases, we ought to succumb to the pressure,\" he said. Ghosh also claimed that no Trinamool leaders or bureaucrats had the right to recommend the 'special' furnace. \"We have constituted a five-member committee and the committee members take the final call in cases of recommendation,\" added Ghosh.The MMiC Ghosh came down heavily upon Roy saying it was she who in 2002, in the capacity of a MMiC, had started giving VIP treatment to mourners in 2002 in the capacity of a MMiC. However, as Roy demanded that a policy be made on who should be accorded the special status (for cremation) at Keoratolla, Ghosh readily accepted itand agreed to hold a meeting together.Sen, the manager of the KMC health department however, said that though there was demand for obtaining a 'special' status for cremation at the Keoratolla, the sub-registers at the crematorium have been clearly asked to follow the rule book while honouring a request from any VIP. \"We have asked them to take down the name of the callers and check it with the civic top brass,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13322320", "title": "Whodunnit? Nanoparticles to crack murder mysteries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the most crucial questions asked by the police and judicial investigators when it comes to cases like murder or accidental deaths is time of death (TOD) which helps the investigators to ascertain several aspects about the crime and also provides them with vital clues.It is the TOD which puts any whodunit probe in the right direction. \"We start by checking statements of suspects and eye-witnesses who may have been there at the time of crime. Knowing the correct time of death is very crucial especially in cases where murder victim's bodies have been found after a long time-gap,\" said a city police official.Various scientific methods are employed by modern forensics including observation of biochemical and physiochemical changes such as stiffening of body, loss of body temperature, dilation of pupil among others. However, such methods do not always pinpoint the exact time of death. Research by a doctoral student at Gujarat Forensic Sciences University (GFSU) has explored possibility of use of nanoparticles in time determination and has got encouraging results.Ashima Mathur, who will soon get her PhD for her thesis 'Estimation of time since death using cardiac troponin I', has explained how analysis of protein related to cardiac muscles can be used for determination of time.\"Troponin along with calcium ions controls muscle contraction. Cardiac Troponin (cTn) works as an indicator of current or probable heart conditions. Troponin tests are conducted for past one decade to diagnose the heart diseases and to know its extent. We decided to know troponin properties through gold nanoparticle sensors and create a spectrograph that can indicate degradation pattern of troponin, giving us probable time when the heart stopped beating,\" said Mathur.Prof YK Agrawal, director, Institute of Research and Development, GFSU, and guide in the research, told TOI that the initial results are very positive when the method is used at a private hospital during the research.\"It gave accuracy of timing with deviation of 10 to 15 minutes. It is remarkable considering the other methods employed at the moment. The nanoparticles were designed specifically to react to troponin. We now want to create models for its practical use that can give the results on the same day. Directorate of forensic science is helping us in the process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13328082", "title": "Nearly 50% civil services aspirants appear in preliminary examination", "text": "LUCKNOW: Civil services aspirants appeared in the preliminary examination conducted by Union Public Services Commission on Sunday. As many as 29,969 candidates had registered themselves for the exam. However, 50% did not appear, an UPSC official said. The exam was held in two shifts, the first from 9.30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. and second from 2.30 p.m. to 4.30 p.m., at 53 centres.The first paper consisted of questions based on general knowledge and current affairs. A total of 100 questions carrying 200 marks were asked. The second paper carried 80 questions of 200 marks and judged the decision-making, and logical reasoning ability of the candidate.Aditya Narayan, an aspirant who took the exam for the second time said, \"The paper was fine with relevant questions. But, the second paper was slightly tricky. The questions related to comprehension were lengthy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347544", "title": "Gemini Kiran to Produce Nagarjuna\u2019s \u201cBhai\u201d?", "text": "Looks like the quest for the producer of 'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna's upcoming movie 'Bhai' might finally end as Gemini Kiran is likely to produce it. It is already known that Nagarjuna has given the green signal to Veerabhadram Chowdary's script, but there's been lot of confusion as to who would produce the movie.Sources close to the director say that Gemini Kiran might produce Nagarjuna's 'Bhai'. However, the female lead of the film is yet to be announced. Director Veerabhadram Chowdary is riding high on the success of his runaway hit of \"Poola Rangadu\", which is going to complete 100 days on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13353199", "title": "Obama refuses to meet Zardari in Chicago", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a rebuff to Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari , US president Barack Obama did not meet him on the margins of the NATO Summit in Chicago as the two countries failed to strike a deal on reopening the NATO supply lines to Afghanistan.Zardari, who flew to Chicago with hopes of lifting his stature with a meeting with Obama, was preparing to leave empty-handed as the two countries continued to feel the repercussions of a NATO air strike last November that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers, an incident for which the US President has offered condolences but no apology.As the two-day NATO summit opened in Chicago last evening, Obama remained at loggerheads with Zardari, refusing even to meet him without a deal on the supply routes, which officials in both sides acknowledged would not be coming soon, US media reported on Monday.But White House deputy national security advisor Ben Rhodes said that Obama could not meet Zardari as he had a \"full slate of summit meetings to attend.\"\"The two bilateral meetings, really, that he did, or President (Hamid) Karzai for obvious reasons given the focus on Afghanistan here, and the Secretary General of NATO given that it's traditional for the host to make sure that we're aligned with the secretary general heading into the summit.\"But we don't anticipate any other bilateral meetings so we didn't draw that linkage. We're going to continue to work through the issue with the Pakistanis,\" he said.However, a deal to reopen the supply lines fell apart as Obama began talks on ending the NATO alliance's combat role in Afghanistan in 2013, The New York Times said. The failure to strike a deal ahead of the summit injects new tension into the relationship, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322973", "title": "Pipelines at Nagole metro rail depot set to be shifted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) will start shifting water pipelines at the Nagole metro rail depot soon. The Water Board has completed the tender process recently and the work to shift the lines will commence in a day or two.This is the first major work being taken up by the Water Board on the 27.51km metro corridor-III between Nagole and Shilparamam. L&T; Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (L&THMRL;) has started construction of piers between Nagole and Mettuguda in the first phase.According to the Water Board officials, the distribution network pertaining to ring main-I of the Krishna drinking water supply project phase-I was located near the depot. \"We will invite tenders in a phased manner for shifting both water and sewer lines. In the first phase, we had invited tenders for shifting pipelines near the Nagole depot and finalised them recently. The Board will spend Rs 75 lakh and the work will start in a couple of days,\" HMWS&SB; director-technical (In-charge) D Sundar Rami Reddy said.During the shifting period, residents of Uppal, Nagole, Habsiguda, Tarnaka and Lalaguda might face water problems for three weeks. In the interim, the Water Board would make alternative arrangements, including sending water tankers to the areas likely to be affected, the official said.The HMRL authorities had submitted sketches pertaining to the metro rail.\"We found that water pipelines near National Geophysical Research Institute (NGRI) and a multi-national company (MNC) near Habsiguda would be affected. It is a tough task as the major pipeline of the Krishna project has to be shifted,\" the official added.After careful examination and joint inspection, the Water Board has suggested to the HMRL authorities to change the alignment of the metro rail, if possible, near NGRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330614", "title": "Flights cancelled, Air India passengers stuck abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: Air India strike has come as a blow to international travellers as many have got stranded for a day or two at foreign destinations.Holidayers who had return tickets in Air India ran into trouble after flights got cancelled at the last minute from US, UK and Europe after pilots went on strike. Pilots of erstwhile Air India are on strike over training to fly Boeing Dreamliners which the airline is going to get very soon. The deadlock between the management and the pilots continue in spite of appeals from ministry of civil aviation.\"Many passengers who are on holiday were caught unawares and had to reschedule their return bookings due to cancellations. Fresh one way return tickets are very expensive and seats are also scarce because flights are full due to holiday travel,\" said D Sudhakara Reddy, national president, Air Passenger Association of India (APAI).International air fares have shot up by nearly 10 per cent following cancellation of Air India services which has reduced capacity in many sectors.The national carrier has inter-line agreements with quite a few foreign carriers so that its passengers can be accommodated from London , Frankfurt , New York , Chicago and other major destinations. \"Passengers will be able to travel back free if Air India endorses the ticket. But, it depends on availability of seats also. Air India should not accept fresh bookings from India, but they are doing it though it is uncertain whether they will be able to operate the schedules,\" he added.Air India put in place a contingency schedule to minimize inconvenience to passengers who are abroad in the last four days. Daily return services were flown on Delhi-Paris-New York, Delhi-Frankfurt-Chicago and Delhi-London sectors and on Mumbai-Bangkok, Delhi-Bangkok, and Mumbai-Dubai-Mumbai-Goa sectors and also on Middle East routes. A few existing schedules were combined to operate these special services, said an Air India spokesperson.\"We were able to handle all needs of the passengers using these flights. More flights may be operated if there is a need,\" said an official.Delhi and Mumbai are Air India's gateway for international operations. Travellers booked from Chennai and other cities of the state are flown domestic to these metro and are changed over to long haul flights to US, UK and Europe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13352428", "title": "Salman prepares for Bodyguard 2", "text": "Salman Prepares For Bodyguard 2 With Bodyguard being the biggest hit of 2011 could the sequel be far behind?Insiders have it that Bodyguard 2 is now being officially scripted and Salman Khan will obviously star in it. A source said, \"Bodyguard was a big hit and created a record at the box office. Since its success the makers are keen to make a sequel and the work on the script has begun. If things fall in place the film will hit the floors by the end of this year or early next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13328739", "title": "Summer camp for slum kids in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Over 50 children residing in different slums are enjoying a summer camp organized exclusively for them in Ayesha Kutchhi Girls' High School here. The camp is organized by Anjuman Taraqqi-e-Urdu, an organization formed to uplift education, with the motive to creatively utilize the summer vacation of chldren from economically weaker section of society.Fiza Parveen, a student from Senha, said she had heard of summer camps and believed that it was only for rich children. \"I am feeling proud. The experience of the camp is new as I am getting an opportunity to participate in debates, painting, quiz and spoken English,\" she said.Arshad Momin, secretary of the organization, said during a recent survey they found that children living in slums lacked confidence. \"We decided to hold the summer camp to give slum children the energy and confidence through different educational and motivational plays and classes. Over 50 children from different slum areas are taking part in the camp and enjoying themselves apart from gaining experience of collectiveness and brotherhood as they belong to different religions,\" he said.The organizing committee will provide breakfast and lunch to all the participants at the camp which will conclude on May 22.District superintendent of education (DSE) Farhana Khatoon praised the initiative and said she would visit the camp to encourage children from deprived section go through the experience of participating in a summer camp the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328710", "title": "Six fined for hunting rabbits", "text": "COIMBATORE: Six persons were fined Rs 25,000 on Sunday for hunting wild rabbits near Karamadai. Forest department officials have seized two country made guns and four dead rabbits from them.The six were identified as R Suresh, 28, D Senthil alias Vellingiri, 34, R Thangavelu, 30, P Rangaraman, 45, all hailing from Ezhusuli near Karamadai, P Karthick, 26 and J Arul, 25 of Thimmampalayam.\"Our anti-poaching team was on patrol early Sunday morning at Kattanji hills where four persons tried to escape. But our team chased them. Two hunters were secured at Periyaputhur hills. We have imposed a penalty of 25,000 on them,\" said M Nazir, Range officer, Periyanaickenpalayam forest range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13341530", "title": "Facebook may allow children to join", "text": "LONDON: Facebook may relax a ban on children under the age of 13 joining its site after finding that many kids, some with their parents' permission and help, were already using it.\"There is reputable evidence that there are kids under 13 who are lying about their age to get on to Facebook,\" Sunday Times quoted Simon Milner, Facebook's head of policy in Britain as saying.\"Some seem to be doing it with their parents' permission and help,\" Milner said.If the decision to lift the ban is implemented, a flood of new users are likely to sign up to the social network, which floated on the stock market last week for $105 billion last week.The number of people with profiles - currently estimated at 900 million active users - would probably hit the iconic one billion mark, meaning that more than one in seven people in the world would be an active user of the site.However, Milner said the decision to allow children to create profiles was still at a very early stage.Milner said he will launch a debate about the minimum age in Britain when he appears next month at Wellington college, Berkshire.\"We have a strict under-13 rule because of legal issues in America,\" he said.\"We apply the same rule all over the world. But a lot of parents are happy their kids are on it. We would like to hear from people what the answer might be.\"Supporters of the minimum age believe it helps shield children from cyberbullying and inappropriate contact with adults.Past surveys in the UK have suggested that one in three British children has been the victim of abuse on the internet.The poll, commissioned by charity Beatbullying in 2009, also revealed that girls are up to four times more likely to face online bullying than boys, Daily Mail reported.Some school bullies have even set up Facebook groups allowing dozens of people to band together to abuse classmates, it said.Facebook has responded to criticism in the past by adding a number of safety features to the site to attempt to combat online bullying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330677", "title": "Swank south to get new bus stops first", "text": "CHENNAI: The city will soon get new bus shelters but they will first be built in places best for advertising, not at spots on bus routes where they are most needed. Agencies that have been given the contracts for new bus stops say they will give priority to areas where there are many commuters, especially posher parts in the south of the city.An agency that has been given contracts for bus shelters in the city, including Kilpauk, Anna Nagar, Saidapet, Alwarpet, Virugambakkam and even a few places in Adyar, plans to start with bus stops on 100 Feet Road, TTK Road and Madhya Kailash.\"All three are great for advertising,\" the owner of the agency says, but adds that the decision to set up shelters in these places first will also help commuters. \"The stretch of 100 Feet Road till Kathipara is congested and does not have many trees, forcing commuters to stand under the sun and rain, while TTK Road is narrow but crowded.\"Though places like Saidapet, Chamiers Road and Purasawalkam have also been allotted to contractors, they will have to wait a little longer for new bus stops. Without shelters, people waiting for buses are often forced to stand under trees to take shelter from the scorching sun.On busy Purasawalkam High Road in the afternoon, around 50m from the popular Abirami Mega Mall, a large group of people usually stands under a tree. There's no bus shelter so the commuters cover their heads with umbrellas, files or anything available. \"Noon to 2pm is the hottest time of the day, but it is the time I travel to a couple of houses in Egmore. This place has not had a shelter for more than two years now.There was a structure with a metal covering, but someone removed it a long time ago,\" says Santhi Babu, a maid who takes a bus to work from Purasawalkam High Road.Near the Araganathan subway in Saidapet, too, a tree serves as a bus stop. The area, on First Street, Kumaran Nagar, is unlikely to get a new bus shelter soon because just three buses - 5E, 18K and 88 - stop here and the area is not upmarket. \"This tree has been the stop for the past 10 years. Most people use shop roofs as a shelter while they wait for buses,\" says Bala Murugan, who owns the departmental store.Many arterial roads like NSC Bose Road, Old Mahabalipuram Road, Poonamallee High Road lack bus stops. Many of the areas newly added to the corporation, such as Nanganallur, Madipakkam, Medavakkam and Sholinganallur, also have few bus shelters.Contractors say they will focus on bus stops that don't have shelters. \"We can easily set up shelters at places where they don't exist where we don't have to break down any structure,\" a contractor said. The corporation is yet to give the new contractors instructions on areas that require immediate attention. \"The work orders have not yet been issued,\" an official says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332187", "title": "Karnataka must be genetic engineering-free: farmers to CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Declare Karnataka a genetic engineering ( GE ) free state - the demand was loud and clear at the two-day Seed Conservators' Convention that kicked off here on Sunday. Organized by the Southern Action for Genetic Engineering (SAGE), Karnataka, the first day of the state-level convention saw farmers from various districts display their local produce at NGO Hall, Cubbon Park.Farmers from across the state came together and demanded that they should be able to promote their own seeds and say no to the ones produced and distributed by MNCs.\"The state government is clearly discouraging local produce by promoting company seeds at subsidized rates in its counters. The advantage of a local seed is its capacity to withstand the rapid climate changes that we are witnessing now. Farmers are losing out on a good yield every year, thanks to use of chemical pesticides which are also promoted by the same multinational companies and distributed through government outlets,\" said KP Suresha, executive director, Go Green, partners in the organizing committee.Under the banner of organizers, farmers submitted a memorandum to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. Their primary demand was that the government should give a boost to local produce.\"The seeds need to be produced locally by farmers and the government must popularize it by selling that variety through its counters,\" said a committee member.They demanded strict regulation of MNCs involved in production and distribution of seeds over matters of price fixing and quality control. The CM said the government is aware of the situation but he will not be able to improve it overnight. He stated that he was aware of farmers' demands and keen to do something concrete. He invited organization core team members to meet him after June 10 to chalk out methods to conserve local seed varieties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332873", "title": "Managing business plans", "text": "The Hatch, an accelerator, a nonprofit organisation and a preseed stage fund for high-potential start-ups in India, recently announced a programme to assist Entrepreneurship Cells (e-cells ) in colleges to manage their business plan competitions more effectively. The goal of the programme is to provide value not just to the winners and finalists of college business plan competitions , but also to provide structured feedback and mentoring support to all deserving participants. A typical business plan competition in a college receives over a 100 entries from which, two to three winners get prizes or benefits. However, there are quite a few entries whose business plans have an underlying potential that can be sharpened through structured feedback, advice and active mentoring. The custom programme from The Hatch will help more entrepreneurs convert their ideas into businesses.The programme will be supported through various initiatives including Collaborative Virtual Learning Programs , Start-up Accelerator and Business Incubation of The Hatch at physical office spaces. The Hatch Institute and The Hatch Virtual Learning Centre are knowledge resource platforms for entrepreneurs.Puneet Vatsayan, chairman and co-founder , The Hatch, said, \"We believe that a business plan competition is not a beauty pageant where two /three 'winners' are selected. We believe that many raw ideas can become high-potential start-ups if they are provided with the right feedback, advice and active mentoring.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13329696", "title": "Their passion for films takes them far", "text": "KOCHI: Imagine travelling more than 40 km to watch the latest flick! That's what some of the movie buffs in Vaikom, in Kottayam district, do these days. Though a ticket costs three times more in Ernakulam, these people are ready to pay it. And for them it's a necessity rather than a luxury, because there are hardly any cinemas in Vaikom now.People from this taluk also travel to places like Tripunithura, Vytilla and even Muvattupuzha to watch a movie.Vaikom taluk, which once had more than 20 cinemas, now has just two, with only one doing reasonable business. For the past couple of years, cinemas here have been downing shutters because of the fall in revenue.\"It only takes Rs 40 to watch a movie in Vaikom, but the cinemas there offer no variety or service. So we make our way to Ernakulam. It's a long drive, but that a small effort for a good movie,\" said Anoop V of Chempu, Vaikom.For actor Mammootty, Sariga theatre in Chempu was one the favourite haunts during his childhood days. Now it is a heap of rubble. Sariga, Vijaya (Vaikom), Sreepadmanabha (Ullalla) and Jose (Ilanji) are some of the cinemas that have been closed down or razed to the ground since the past couple of years.The manager of Nice Cinema, one of the two cinemas here still showing movies, said the theatre was much in demand as it always screened new Malayalam releases.\"This area has a large Hindu population, and they prefer family entertainers. However, a film does not run here for more than three weeks. And there are hardly any takers for other language movies here,\" he said. Ambika Devi, a native of Vaikom, however believes the number of movie-goers has come down.\"The latest movies are available on city cable channels. There are around seven channels in this town itself,\" she said. \"What is happening in Vaikom is a sad reflection of what is happening all over Kerala,\" said M C Bobby, member, Kerala Film Exhibitors Association (KFEA) who owns Nice Cinema. \"We once had over a thousand cinemas or 'talkies' in the state. But now there is hardly half that number,\" he said.According to him, there are more theatres in north Kerala than in the central region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328392", "title": "Accidents dip in Kovai, thanks to effective training", "text": "COIMBATORE: The implementation of several measures and intense training for drivers by Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore Division, has helped in curbing the number of fatal accidents caused by state buses over the last four years.The accidents rates have gone down by more than 20% in Coimbatore division since 1008, according to official records provided by the transport corporation. \"Given that the number of vehicles on the road has only increased, it is an important development. The various initiatives of the corporation to help curb accidents has contributed to the drastic reduction in the number of fatal cases,\" said T P Rajendran, managing director, TNSTC, Coimbatore division.From a total of 676 cases in 2008, accidents had come down to 533 cases in 2011. The numbers came down in 2009 to 669, while it went further down to 563 in 2010. As of April 2012 only 106 cases have been reported so far.There has been a tremendous decrease in the number of fatal cases too. The number of fatal accidents in 2008 was registered at 169. These came down to 161 in 2009, 145 in 2010, 108 in 2011 and 30 till April, 2012.These results are due to the various measures implemented by the corporation ever since 2008 to curtail the number of accidents in the division, said N Ganeshan, assistant engineer, Training, TNSTC, Coimbatore division.He said in 80 per cent of cases the fault lies with drivers. Drivers and conductors are under pressure as they ply at least 300km on a daily basis. The corporation has trained them in several ways, including counseling, disaster management solutions, stress management including yoga, road management, safety management and health management.Those drivers involved in more than two accidents are given rigorous training with the help of driving simulators in Pollachi, in addition to the other management techniques. So far 304 such drivers from all regions have been trained.Ganeshan said special classes on the techniques of proper driving has helped not only in preventing accidents, but has also improved the overall efficiency of the driver in managing the vehicle. The corporation has managed to improve the mileage from 4.73km per liter to 4.94 km per liter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326814", "title": "Builders ask for subsidy in setting up of sewage treatment plants", "text": "JAIPUR: With the government planning to make the sewage treatment plant (STP) mandatory for multi-level residential buildings, the builders association is now demanding subsidy for setting up these plants.Jaipur Development Authority, which is responsible for providing water connection to households in the city, has no policy for residential complexes. However, to ease out the situation for the builders, the PHED had proposed to provide connections to only those complexes which have STP and roof water harvesting system in place.Given the high costs incurred in setting up a plant, the builders' association has demanded the government provides subsidy in setting these up. \"We are already paying fee for urban development, which includes charges for water connection and sewerage. Despite this, if we have to install a separate plant, it should be provided to us by the government at subsidized rates or the fee should be revoked,\" said Vinod Sharma, private builder and a member of a builders' association.State government grants relaxation in urban development fee to private builders who have roof water harvesting system installed in the residential complex.As per the PHED's proposed policy, each multi-storey residential complex will get a common connection from the department. The resident welfare association (RWA) will be responsible for taking water from the underground storage facility tanks. A common bill will be generated for each RWA.Government officials, however, are reluctant to comment on the demand raised by the builders. \"Everything is at a planning stage. Let the builders present a proposal first. Also, only those apartments will get the water connection where pipelines are laid. For areas without pipelines, PHED will have to lay those first,\" an official said.Builders though feel that under the current guidelines, the cost of even smaller projects will be go north. \"It takes at least Rs 50-75 lakh to set up a mini STP plant. It is fine if we install it for 1,000 households but it could turn out to be an expensive affair for a project with 100-150 flats,\" said Dhirendra Madan, a private builder.Meanwhile, in the absence of any concrete policy, private builders are digging borewells to meet the demand, thereby, putting extra pressure on the depleting groundwater level. According to state records, Jaipur district has 13 tehsils and all fall in the dark zone.In panchayats such as Sanganer, Amber and Jhotwara, the water table is diminishing at an average rate of nearly 3 metre every year. Most of the new commercial complexes are coming up in some of these areas, raising an alarm over future water needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13327168", "title": "Ghaziabad Development Authority seals 170 flats in Indirapuram", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) on Sunday cracked down on the Amrapali group and sealed 170 flats in Amrapali Village Apartments in Nyay Khand-II in Indirapuram for violating building bylaws. The authority has also sent a notice to the builder asking it to respond within a set time frame.Speaking to TOI, GDA vice-chairman Santosh Kumar Yadav confirmed that a team had found the builder illegally constructing two towers with 68 and 102 flats inside its already existing Amrapali Village housing complex in Indirapuram. \"The team found Tower L with 17 floors, having 68 flats, and Tower K with 17 floors, having 102 flats being constructed illegally,\" Yadav said.\"In the layout plan submitted with the GDA, the construction company had earmarked park and public utility in the designated spaces. However, on visiting the complex, our survey team found that there were two towers on the said location clearing violating the bylaws,\" Yadav said.The real estate company chairman and managing director, Anil Sharma, said that they will be making a fresh layout plan to be submitted before the GDA. The company is ready to pay the compounding fees to resume work on its housing project.GDA officials said that the company had first released its project map on September 19, 2005 displaying an area of 32,000 sqm. But on July 23, 2010, the company changed the map after submitting compounding fees. The company reportedly is yet to submit Rs 6.50 crore as compounding fees.The authority has been conducting a physical verification drive of buildings across the city. The maps submitted by the builders are being physically verified by several teams. The drive is being carried out in all eight zones of the authority from Zone 1 to 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331907", "title": "Is your fund beating the market?", "text": "To pick the best funds, go through their capture ratios. The best bets are those which record a high value during the bull market and a low value in the bearish phaseSanket DhanorkarOver the past five years, we have been exposed to the market's wild mood swingsmanic bull runs and nervewracking crashes, interspersed with bouts of volatile, yet rangebound , movement. These extreme market conditions have also made it difficult to evaluate the performance of equity mutual funds. After all, how can you judge whether a fund has performed well when the market has been so volatile? To truly understand how your fund manager tackles market cycles, you will have to categorise the performance according to the bull and bear periods. By understanding how different schemes perform in varying market conditions, you will be able to guide your mutual fund portfolio through such market cycles. This comprehensive research can be achieved by looking at the 'upside capture' and 'downside capture' of these funds.Capturing market performanceWhen you invest in an actively managed mutual fund, you expect the manager to beat the broader market. So, the fund should not only capture the market's returns but also give something extra. This is indicated by the capture ratio, a simple measure that tells you how much of the market's move your fund has experienced . For instance, if during a period , the market moves up by 20% and the fund moves up by 25%, it means that the fund has captured 125% (25% of 20%) of the market's move, resulting in a capture ratio of 1.25. As the market has gone up during this period, it is referred to as the upside capture and it indicates the percentage of the market's gain that has been captured by the fund. Similarly, if the market goes down by 10% and your fund value drops by 8%, the fund would have a downside capture of 80%. This tells you the percentage of the market's fall that was captured by the fund.So, while an upside capture of over 100% indicates that a fund has outperformed the benchmark or category average during periods of positive returns, a downside capture below 100% indicates that a fund has lost less than its benchmark or category average during periods that the market has been in the red.We considered the up and down capture ratios for different categories of equity diversified funds from 1 May 2007 to 30 April 2012, to get a better idea of the abilities of various funds to handle different market climates. For large-cap funds, the index used for calculating the capture ratio is BSE-100 and for smalland mid-cap funds, it is CNX Midcap. The data provided by Morningstar India has revealed that over the past five years, funds with a low down capture ratio have emerged among the top performers. Based on the data, we have divided the funds into the following categories.High upside, low downsideWhen you come across a fund that has the ability to not only deliver higher returns during a bull phase, but also to limit the losses during a downturn, it warrants a closer look. Consider Reliance Regular Savings Fund, a largecap equity fund, which had a high upside capture of 112% and a low downside capture of 96% during the given five-year period. In the mid-cap segment, IDFC Premier Equity has done particularly well, limiting the down capture to 74%, while giving a healthy up capture of 97% over the five-year stretch.Low upside, low downsideFunds that can withstand downturns also make for good bets for conservative investors over the long term. The UTI MNC Fund, for instance, boasts a low down capture of 50% over the past five years and also a low up capture of 69%, yielding a healthy annualised return of 14.6%. Birla Sun Life Dividend Yield Plus and UTI Dividend Yield are some other funds that have done well on this front.High upside, high downsideTypically, funds with a high upside are not able to limit their losses when the markets turn bearish. Consider L&T; Opportunities , which has an upside capture of 113%. But the fund has an equally high downside capture of 110%. In other words, the fund has clocked big gains in bull markets, but has also suffered painful losses in downturns. Taurus Starshare, L&T; Growth and LIC Nomura MF Equity are some other funds that came a cropper while dealing with a declining market.Low upside, high downsideThis is the worst kind of fund to have in your portfolio. It not only captures very little of the market's gain during a bull run, but falls much more than the market when it is going south. For instance , JM Basic, a mid-cap fund, has had a relatively low up capture of 97% during this period, and has suffered from a very high downside capture of 137% over the same period. Among others, LIC Nomura MF India Vision Fund has shown a low up capture of 90%, while providing a down capture of 113%.How capture ratio can help you", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13335428", "title": "Wedding halls under Guwahati Municipal Corporation scanner for flouting norms", "text": "GUWAHATI: After sealing various commercial establishments for flouting parking norms, the marriage halls of the city are now under the scanner of the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC).However, the sole issue this time is not only the lack of adequate parking space. The GMC authorities will also thoroughly inspect unauthorized construction, use of residential buildings for marriage parties and throwing of garbage produced in the marriage parties on roads.GMC associate planner, Deepak Bezbaruah said the GMC officials recently surveyed 51 marriage halls in the city and asked the owners of the halls to produce before the civic body details of the approved plans of the buildings.\"The survey on the prevailing conditions of these city marriage halls has been completed this week. We are compiling the report and the owners have been asked to furnish the details of their approved building plans. There is information that many marriage halls do not have adequate parking space in the basement,\" said Bezbaruah.The owners of around nine marriage halls have already furnished their approved building plans before the GMC.After comparing the field report of the GMC with the approved building plans submitted by the marriage hall owners, the GMC will seal the buildings if they are found to violate the building bylaws.\"Parking is usually a big problem in marriage halls. But at the same time, we will also find out if the marriage halls are functioning with GMC's permission as some halls have extended construction to accommodate more people without the permission of the GMC,\" Bezbaruah added.He said that the GMC dustbins near the marriage halls overflow with waste materials after marriage parties, but as per rules the marriage halls need to have separate garbage disposal contracts with Ramky, a group with which GMC has tied up for garbage disposal.An official of the GMC stated that marriage parties can be held either in community halls, banquet halls, marriage halls or community welfare centres, but there are reports that residential buildings are also being used as marriage halls in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13335425", "title": "Women\u2019s expedition team close to reaching Mt Everest", "text": "JAISALMER: The women's expedition team of the army including two from Rajasthan, Major Neha Bhatnagar and Captain Deepika Rathore are very close to reaching the Mt Everest. Their fifth and last base camp was at 27,000 feet and they left for Everest three days ago.Ganpat Singh Rathore, father of Captain Deepika Rathore said over phone that the team has left for Mt Everest on three days ago. He said Nepal army chief and Indian ambassador in Nepal had met the team members at the camp and encouraged them.Rathore added the team had reached the base camp much earlier and would have left for the peak then only but could not do so because of bad weather. Adding that if the weather remained clear they would reach the peak in two to three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330552", "title": "Miscreants damage ten cars", "text": "CHENNAI: Miscreants damaged over ten cars in KK Nagar in the wee hours on Sunday.Ten residents of KK Nagar were shocked to find their cars being badly damaged on Sunday morning. The window panes of 10 cars parked in 1st 6th and 7th sectors in the locality were broken using a heavy object, police said.According to police, while the window panes of three cars were found broken in the 1st sector, four cars in the 6th sector and three cars in the 7th sector were found to be damaged by the unknown people.\"We suspect that the miscreants may have been under the influence of alcohol and would have used a log to damage the window panes of the car,\" said an investigating officer.\"We are interrogating the local men and a few ex-convicts in connection with the case. Our team was on night patrol and this could have happened sometime in the early morning. We are likely to apprehend them soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13326549", "title": "Crane accident derails Harbour line services", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line commuters faced major inconvenience on Sunday as services were suspended for over 10 hours. While there was a five-hour megablock, a crane accident crippled services, virtually cutting off rail link between Mumbai and Navi Mumbai throughout the day. Normal services were restored at 9.15pm.Passengers went through hardships as they had to board packed buses, take long train detours and face refusals from auto and taxi drivers. \"It's chaos here in Navi Mumbai. I plan to stay back home and not go to office,\" said Sunil Das, who works on Sundays.Central Railway spokesperson V Chandrasekar said, \"Between 11am and 4pm, the services were not being operated between Mankhurd and Kurla as there was a megablock for five hours. Unfortunately, there was an accident on this stretch while the repair work was being carried out. This led to further suspension of services for four hours. We regret the inconvenience caused.\"He further said that around 1.20pm when workers were trying to dismantle an abandoned foot-overbridge at Mankhurd, the crane being used met with an accident. The crane operator suffered minor injuries and was treated at Byculla railway hospital. Sources said that the repair bogie carrying the crane derailed, tilting it to one side and coming in contact with the overhead wires. \"This resulted in snapping of the overhead wire and the problem became serious,\" a railway official said.\"The restoration work at site was carried out on a war-footing,\" said public relations officer A K Singh. He confirmed the snapping of the wire and said it was being repaired. \"It will be completed by 8pm and services will then be restarted,\" he told TOI earlier in the evening.Passengers said they were frustrated with the train services on the Harbour line. \"It has become a regular nuisance. A few Sundays ago, there were no trains for Vashi for nearly an hour in the night,\" said a Nerul resident who is a daily traveller. \"The CR general manager should take cognizance of citizens' complaints and ensure that passengers are not stranded,\" he added.Meanwhile, passengers on Western Railway, too, faced inconvenience on Sunday due to a jumbo block between Borivli and Goregaon. Due to the block, some Up &amp; Down local trains were cancelled. A megablock was also carried out on the Dn fast line between Thane and Kalyan from 11am to 3.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13348708", "title": "Exercising \u2018may cut asthma attacks risk\u2019", "text": "Not only is it safe for asthmatics to exercise, but doing so could reduce their risk of asthma symptoms or attacks, a new study has revealed .Many people with asthma report avoiding exercise because they're afraid it could trigger symptoms including shortness of breath, wheezing or a full-blown asthma attack, said review author Kristin V. Carson.These fears might be encouraged from misreading their symptoms, their family's beliefs about exercise and asthma, or even from their physiciansOver time, Carson explained, patients can become out of shape, losing muscle mass and cardiovascular fitness.That makes any future attempts at physical activity significantly harder, increasing the chances that patients will become fatigued and breathless and further discouraging physical activity.\"This results in a spiraling cycle,\" she said.To find out whether exercise was a danger to asthmatics, Carson and her colleagues reviewed previous studies that looked at theeffects of physical training on people with asthma , comparing patients who received no or minimal physical activity to those who exercised for at least 20 minutes, twice a week, over the course of four weeks.The researchers discovered that the patients who had exercised using physical training as varied as running outdoors or on atreadmill, cycling, swimming or circuit training were no more likely to have a serious asthma-related problem than those who weren't exercising or who did light exercising such as yoga.Carson further claimed that their findings showed that patients in exercise programs improved their cardiovascular fitness, which in turn could reduce asthma symptoms over time.Besides this, some limited evidence from the included studies also suggested that exercise improved patients' quality of life, she added, which could contribute to other health benefits and improved psychological well-being.\"We found no reason for people with stable asthma to refrain from regular exercise.\"Physicians should encourage their patents with stable asthma to engage in physical training programs,\" Carson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326109", "title": "Illegal mining issue: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot holds meeting, calls for 'strong action'", "text": "JAIPUR: As heat is mounting on the state government about its failure in checking rampant illegal mining, chief minister Ashok Gehlot held a meeting with his cabinet colleagues on Sunday. However, the meeting ended up with a few customary words of \"strong action\" against officials responsible for the menace.\"Take action against the collector or district police chief where illegal mining is taking place and ensure that safety measures for workers are in place in the recognized mines,\" the chief minister instructed chief secretary CK Mathew after meeting was over. Forests and environment minister Bina Kak, industries and minerals minister Rajendra Pareek, minister of state for home Virendra Beniwal, parliamentary secretary (mines), Kanhaiyalal Bhanwar and several officials including the chief secretary took part in the three-hour meeting.Although chief minister has asked for action against erring officials, none has spoken about those responsible for recent death of five workers at an illegal mine in Alwar district. Reports also claim that the death toll was much higher and officials had suppressed numbers to save own skin. \"At least nine persons were killed in the accident but officials confirm only five deaths,\" claimed an environment activist from the region.Reports suggest that politicians from ruling as well as opposition were patronizing the illegal mines and even officials refrain from taking action against the illegal practice. There were allegations that the SP of Bharatpur, Vikas Kumar, who was transferred recently from Bharatpur, had to bear the brunt for taking action against the mining mafia as he had raided several of them, seized machines and arrested a large number of labourers. It was also learnt that Kumar had made a list of mafia and was about to initiate action when he got the marching orders.Even the Sunday's meeting was seen as a customary practice as the chief minister and his colleagues could not reach any decision about how to check illegal mining in the state. \"Police needs to play a vital role in stopping mishaps and department officials should accompany the police to the sites where illegal mining is reported,\" Gehlot told officials in the meeting. Officials told the chief minister that at least 800 cases of illegal mining were reported in the past 25 days in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328917", "title": "Crane operator kills rival over business enmity", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 32-year-old hydraulic crane operator was stabbed to death late Saturday night in the city by a man engaged in the same profession, due to previous enmity.The victim, identified as G Selvaraj of Pappireddypatti in Dharmapuri district, who owns and operates a hydraulic crane in the city, used to win many orders from different agencies.Selvaraj's growth had created a wedge between him and 22-year-old M Venkatesan, who operated a hydraulic crane owned by Jayapal. Venkatesan hails from Jyothimannur near Mettur in Salem.Around 11.30pm on Saturday, a verbal duel broke out between Selvaraj and Venkatesan in Ganapathy, where hydraulic cranes were usually parked.Venkatesan alleged that Selvaraj bagged orders by offering lower rates than stipulated.Despite efforts by about 10 other operators who were present, both continued to argue. At the peak of the quarrel, Selvaraj slapped Venkatesan, who sustained minor injuries. In a fit of rage, Venkatesan wielded a knife and slit Selvaraj's abdomen.Selvaraj, who was bleeding profusely, was rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital by his friends, where he was declared brought dead. His body was taken to his native Pappireddypatti on Sunday morning after the postmortem.Venkatesan was arrested by the police on Sunday morning from his residence.According to Saravanampatty police inspector P Periyasamy, the verbal duel over previous enmity propelled by the influence of alcohol had prompted Venkatesan to kill Selvaraj. \"This tragedy could have easily been avoided,'' he said.Selvaraj's growth had created a wedge between him and 22-year-old M Venkatesan, who operated a hydraulic crane owned by Jayapal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13339909", "title": "Statistical highlights of Rajasthan Royals-Mumbai Indians IPL match", "text": "JAIPUR: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Rajasthan Royals and Mumbai Indians on Sunday:# Mumbai Indians' 10-wicket win is their biggest in terms of wickets in the IPL.# Mumbai Indians have become the third team to register 10 victories or more in the IPL 5, joining Delhi (11) and Kolkata (10).# Dwayne Smith (87 not out off 58 balls) recorded his highest score for Mumbai Indians in the IPL - his first fifty.# Thanks to his unbeaten innings, Smith is averaging 25-plus in Twenty20 - 2229 runs at an average of 25.32 in 107 matches, including a hundred and 12 fifties.# Smith has received his 10th Man of the Match award in Twenty20.# Sachin Tendulkar (58 not out off 51 balls) has recorded his 12th half-century in the IPL - his second in the present competition.# Tendulkar's innings is his 15th fifty in Twenty20.# In the course of his above knock, Tendulkar has completed his 300 runs in the present edition of the IPL, aggregating 313 at an average of 31.30 in 12 games.# Tendulkar is the third player to manage 2,000 runs or more in the IPL, aggregating 2036 at an average of 38.41 in 63 games.# Lasith Malinga has taken 22 wickets at 14.04 runs apiece in 13 games - the most by a Mumbai bowler in the IPL 5.# Morne Morkel (25), Sunil Narine (22), Lasith Malinga (22) and Vinay Kumar (19) are the leading wicket-takers in the IPL 5.# Dwayne Smith and Sachin Tendulkar put on an opening stand of 163 for the first wicket - Mumbai Indians' highest in the IPL.# The match-winning stand is the highest opening partnership in the IPL, outstripping the 159 between Michael Hussey and Murali Vijay for Chennai Super Kings against Royal Challengers Bangalore at Chepauk, Chennai on May 28, 2011.# The stand is the fifth highest for any wicket in the IPL history.# The above stand is the second highest for Mumbai Indians in the IPL behind the 167 unbroken between Herschelle Gibbs and Rohit Sharma for the second wicket against Kolkata Knight Riders at Eden Gardens, Kolkata on May 12, 2012.# The above partnership is the best by any pair for any wicket against Rajasthan Royals in the IPL.# Mumbai Indians have won five and lost four out of nine played against Rajasthan Royals.# Rajasthan Royals' 10-wicket defeat is their second in the IPL. They had first lost by such a margin to Royal Challengers Bangalore at Bangalore on March 18, 2010.# Rajasthan Royals have won seven games and lost nine out of 16 played in the IPL 2012.# The top four sides in the IPL 2012 are - Delhi Daredevils (22 points), Kolkata Knight Riders (21), Mumbai Indians (20) and Chennai Super Kings (17).# Suresh Raina (2154), Sachin Tendulkar (2036) and Gautam Gambhir (2031) are the top run-getters in the IPL.# Chris Gayle (733), Shikhar Dhawan (569), Ajinkya Rahane (560) and Gautam Gambhir (556) are the top run-scorers in the IPL 5.# Dhawal Kulkarni (3/18) has produced his best bowling figures in Twenty20.# Shane Watson is averaging 42.50, aggregating 255 runs in seven innings, including two half-centuries. His average is the highest by a Rajasthan player in the IPL 5.# Ajinkya Rahane (560), Rahul Dravid (462) and Owais Shah (340) are the three top run-getters for Rajasthan in the IPL 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "13329853", "title": "Shani\u2019s \u2018birthday\u2019 takes a modern hue", "text": "MUKTSAR: A new style of worship is emerging in Muktsar with devotees of Lord Shani Dev offering Chinese noodles, burgers, hotdogs, etc., to please the god on his birthday on Saturday at the Shani Dev temple here. Birthday of Lord Shani Dev is celebrated on a large scale in Shri Raghunath temple at Old Dana Mandi Road here. Thousands of devotees converge here to worship Shani Dev.\"The stalls here have Chinese noodles, pav bhaji, burgers, hotdogs, etc. Indian snacks like Dahi Bhalla, Gol Gappa and fruit chat are also liked by people. Items like mango shake and jaljeera are also attracting people here,\" sources said.\"We are also getting cakes from devotees to celebrate the birthday of Lord Shani Dev. We got about 20 to 25 cakes from devotees,\" said Raj Khurana, chairman of Shri Raghunath Mandir Committee.\"The langar will continue for full night and the cake ceremony will be organized in the midnight and thousands of citybased people, along with family members, come here to celebrate Shani Dev Jayanti.\" said Ashok Teriya, president of the mandir committee.\"As times have changed, the style of worship is also getting modernized,\" remarked a devotee, Suraj Parkash of Muktsar.\"The mandir committee is organizing Shani Dev Jayanti every year, but the style is not going to be changed. From our side, we organized traditional langar. In our menu, we kept traditional Maal Pua with Kheer and 4-5 varieties of vegetables with chapati and rice. Some devotees have organized stalls of pav bhaji, chowmeen, noodles, burgers, hotdog, fruit chat and cold drinks with jaljeera,\" said Khurana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13353204", "title": "Euphoria release their latest Album", "text": "India's favourite rock band Euphoria launched their latest single, the infectious and sing-along \"C U Later\" in two languages - Hindi and English. The songs is being distributed worldwide by Universal Music India, on popular digital platforms.The Hindi version of the track, currently being played live extensively, is already available on their latest album Item, which has already sold over 25000 copies making it the most successful non-film album in recent times. The success of the album, released in October 2011, has led Universal Music and Euphoria to take a step forward and do a first of its kind bilingual release, in a market dominated by film music.The video for \"C U Later\" showcases state of the art shooting techniques, coupled with a stellar performance by the band which has played the song in reverse motion. Front man Palash Sen (who has actually sung the song in reverse) and award winning film maker Vikram Mishra were instrumental in creating this cutting edge concept driven reverse motion video. Fans are in for a visual treat as they will experience a new sound and look of EUPHORIA. The two different versions of the video will be released to promote the song in both the languages.On the song and video Palash Sen says, \"\"C U Later\" is a leap of faith that we took in terms of our sound. This song took us back to our rock n roll roots, along with the edginess of modern rock. As a song or a video, Euphoria has definitely never attempted something like this. The English version will come as a surprise to our fans, coz it was neither planned, nor expected. Kudos to Devraj for encouraging us and then co-writing the English version with me. Rarely has an artiste got this kind of support from their record label. We have worked really hard on the video and are sure that we will herald a new era in terms of non-film entertainment in this country. Also excited about our debut international English single....the world's our stage and we are playing our part..!!\"Devraj Sanyal Managing Director, Universal Music, India &amp; SAARC, says \"Euphoria to me is a band that never ceases to amaze. Always willing to push the envelope and try new things to push their purist agenda of non-film music that we support whole heartedly. Co-writing \"C U Later\" with Palash was an easy process and we finished the entire song in a few hours and that shows how talented these boys are...the Bilingual approach will open a brand new mainstream market for Euphoria and we will use every resource we have to help them achieve their next level in the band's career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332033", "title": "Govt woke up only after officer\u2019s death", "text": "BANGALORE: Netas of the ruling party are so busy politicking that they had little time to spare for an upright officer who was attacked for seeking to implement the rule of law. The consequence: in the absence of any political pressure, police are floundering in their investigation into the murderous attack on SP Mahantesh, deputy director, Directorate of cooperative audit, though five days have elapsed since the incident.Neither chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who holds the cooperation portfolio, nor home minister R Ashoka deemed it necessary to call on the officer when he was battling for life in hospital from Tuesday. On Sunday morning, the officer succumbed to injuries he had suffered in the assault.The government swung into action belatedly, only when news of Mahantesh's death broke. Gowda rushed to the residence of the deceased but had to face his hostile relatives and locals who gheraoed him for the failure of the police to nab the culprits.\"He (Mahantesh) was a good officer. It should not have happened. Steps will be taken to protect whistleblowers and honest officers. We have set up crack teams to nab the culprits,\" Gowda said.Asked about the measures the government would be adopting to ensure the safety of officers dealing with sensitive files, the chief minister maintained that something like this should not happen in future. \"The government will do whatever it takes. We have to come up with some fresh measures to protect good officers ,\" he said.When contacted, Ashoka said he was hopeful the accused would be arrested soon.HE HELD SENSITIVE JOBThe directorate of cooperative audit is a watchdog established to ensure that the objectives of the cooperative sector are met. The audits by the directorate look beyond the routine audit, and focus on administrative lapses, deviation by the management from byelaws and discharge of responsibilities by the board of directors and other executive staff.As deputy director (Bangalore Urban), Mahantesh held a crucial post as over 150 housing cooperative societies in the city came under him.A son-in-law of an influential JD(S) leader served in the post for over five years prior to Mahantesh. Lakshman V Savadi, then cooperation minister , is said to have brought in Mahantesh about two years ago as part of an effort to go deep into irregularities committed by housing societies.Insiders in the directorate said that Mahantesh was handing sensitive information as he was in charge of the city's controversial housing societies . \"A known RTI activist had flooded the directorate with RTI queries, seeking information on housing societies, and Mahantesh was handling these matters,\" sources in the Karnataka Cooperative Audit Services said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13328452", "title": "'People shouldn't disturb animals'", "text": "Divisional forest officer Arvind Patil talks to TOI about the increasing instances of wild animals straying into human habitats, lack of expertise amongst forest staff to catch snakes and issues with sarpa mitras, the overall conservation of the forest and many more issues engulf the forest department and the urban people. ExcerptsIn the past decade, instances of leopards straying in the city have increased. Where do they come from?They come from Sinnar, Niphad and the areas adjoining Sangamner. Wherever there are sugarcane fields, leopards are mostly spotted there and it is from those areas that they come to human settlements.What is the reason behind them straying into human settlements? Is it in search of water?In sugarcane fields, there is good climate for the leopards to grow and multiply. In Niphad, there is hardly any forest cover but there are sugarcane fields where 3-4 leopards where found recently. We have created water holes in Sinnar. In Niphad there is no water problem, the forest area is less and most of the land is irrigated. So, one cannot say that leopards come out of the jungles in search of water. In Igatpuri, there is a big dam, in Gangapur and Ozarkhed also there are dams. Even if there is water 5-10 km away from where the leopard is located, it is not a problem for the animal. It is basically scarcity of food that brings leopards to human settlements.According to a recent survey, the density of forest cover has reduced. Is this a possible reason?I don't feel that the density of the forests has reduced. In Igatpuri, dense forest cover is still present. When population increases, density of forests is bound to decrease.A female leopard was caged in Nehru Udyan for a year. The two cubs she delivered did not survive for long. What took the forest department so long to release it?When we discovered she was pregnant, we had a discussion whether to release her or not. There was a lot of confusion. We communicated this to our Nagpur office and they did not grant us the permission.Why did it take so long? What is the timeframe within which the Nagpur office has to be notified?Ideally, within a day. There are no rules as such so the time period is not fixed.Do you have data on the number of leopards that have been chipped?Yes, we do.Chaos created by people scares leopards and makes them more violent. What efforts has the forest department taken to keep people away from wild cats?My suggestion to people is, don't disturb the animals. Let them grow in their habitat in cooperation with us.Can't places be cordoned till the leopard is trapped?No. It is not that easy. The rural police can do this, but we are preparing rapid rescue teams, which will solve the purpose of keeping people away and trapping the animal easily.Have you taken action against circus companies using wild animals?If they have registered the animals, then they can keep them, because these animals have been with them for long and cannot survive in the wild. New permissions are not given. The principal chief conservator of forests gives the permission. According to a government resolution in 2004-05, wild animals are to be registered under the wildlife protection Act.Parakeets are being used by roadside fortune-tellers and their wings are clipped. What action is the forest department taking against it?I have to check where they are being used.By the banks of the river in Trimbakeshwar and at other religious spots. The forest department had said the fortune tellers were warned and the parakeets were released in the wild. But what would they do without wings?I have to find out where the parakeets have been released.Last year, some peacocks were burnt in Pandavleni. What is the reason and what is the forest department doing to prevent such incidences?It is a populated area, tourists come there and there have been instances of fire. There are slums near it. Last year, it was the slum people who had put up a fence to catch rabbits and had lit a fire around it. A case has been registered against them and they are on bail now.What about the peacock meat trade that is done in a hush-hush manner?We cannot rule out this possibility.Sarpa mitras (snake activists) have been asking for renewal of their licences from two years. Why are they not being issued?They have only submitted applications. We asked them to give us the data in the last licence period about what they have done for rescuing snakes. Nobody did. Moreover, these snake activists display snakes in schools, complain against each other, have ego problems.Why are forest department officials not trained in this work?How can we train everybody to catch snakes, to catch leopards, etc?But some staff should know how to handle snakes just like some are trained to catch leopards?We lack manpower. Who will train them?Snake activists had proposed a venom collection centre in the district. Why did it not materialize?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13335023", "title": "Villagers fix pots with water for peacocks in Etawah", "text": "KANPUR: In the past few years, the number of peacocks in Etawah district has reduced drastically due to hot weather, use of pesticides by farmers and hunting. However, the forest department, ornithologists, NGOs and local people are trying to make situation better for the remaining birds. For the past couple of years, earthen pots are being fixed in the ground and regularly filled with water.SDO, forest, SK Mishra informed: \"Villagers have again started coming forward to save the National Bird this year. They have been fixing earthen pots for water mainly at Nagaria Yadavan, Nagla Mayan and Ber villages. Our staff, nature and bird lovers, volunteers of NGOs have also started visiting the villages known for high number of peacock population to create awareness for saving the bird.\"There are around 10,000 peacocks in and around Bharthana and Lakhna villages in Etawah. \"Jungles close to water bodies and agricultural land also attract the birds. Villagers and peacocks always lived together in congenial atmosphere here. But due to the myth that peacocks would damage their crops, the villagers began driving them away by adopting deadly methods. As a result, peacocks began to reduce in number. The local hunters even killed them for their feathers,\" said Amit Kumar, a local of Ber village who had been actively involved in the conservation process.Nar Singh Yadav, a resident of Nagaria Yadavan village, said: \"Earlier, peacocks used to be seen in abundance at various places in the region. For the past two-three years, we can only spot a couple of them, and that too not on a regular basis.\"\"We started awareness campaigns in co-ordination with the district forest department from village to village about the importance of the National Bird and the punishment for killing them under the Wildlife Protection Act. We began involving villagers and school children in peacock conservation,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature.\"During the past two years, we put in our best possible efforts. But, this year, the villagers are doing all that is necessary to save the peacocks. They are fixing earthen water pots for the peacocks and try to prevent local hunters. They are also using pesticides of low concentration. The villagers and children who used to drive away peacocks are today helping in conserving them,\" he added.The peacock is protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Section 9 of the act prohibits hunting of wild animals and birds specified in Schedule I, II, and III and IV. Section 51 of the act prescribes a maximum imprisonment of six years, Rs 25,000 fine or both for hunting animals and birds specified in Schedule I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13323521", "title": "Rename Mumbai Central station after Rajiv Gandhi, demand MPs", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty MPs have demanded that Mumbai Central station be named after the late Prime Minister, Rajiv Gandhi .Gandhi's 21st death anniversary falls on Monday. The railway minister has in-principle accepted the renaming proposal, mooted by city Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam at a press conference in his Mumbai north constituency.The signatories include three Mumbai MPs - Milind Deora, Priya Dutt and Eknath Gaikwad. Some of the prominent signatories are Shashi Tharoor, P C Chacko, Uday Pratap Singh, Mohammad Azharuddin , Raj Babbar , Jagadambika Pal, Sanjay Singh, Sandeep Dikshit and Datta Meghe.The Republican Party of India (RPI) is now keen on reviving its demand to rename Dadar station after Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, whose apartment is a stone's throw away. However, the Shiv Sena , which has a strong bond with Dadar, has opposed the RPI's suggestion.Interestingly, the Sena had, a few years ago, suggested that Grant Road railway station be renamed after Nana Jagannath Shankar Shet, one of the doyens of the 19th century Mumbai.At the same press conference, Nirupam said that in keeping with the railway minister's makeover plans for Borivli station and in an attempt to generate more resources, a shopping plaza will be built atop the station. Washrooms for women are also being planned at suburban stations on the Western track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327158", "title": "Manohar Parrikar talks of second medical college in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Goa may soon have another medical college. In an announcement that will bring joy to aspiring doctors, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the government was considering converting the upcoming South Goa district hospital at Margao into a medical college.Parrikar said this while speaking at an interactive session with students at Panaji on Sunday. He was replying to a query from a student who sought to know from Parrikar as to why the state does not have a second medical college. \"This is not a decision but an idea that I throw open,\" Parrikar stated.Explaining the rationale behind \"the idea\", Parrikar said the South Goa district hospital which is in the works, has a 650-bed capacity and this (capacity) was \"more than required\".He said the move should not be perceived as benefitting South Goa only. Parrikar added that the number of seats at the Goa Medical College at Bambolim (GMC) was likely to be increased to 250. \"The central government is considering increasing the number of seats at the GMC to 250,\" he said.\"Of these around 112-114 seats would be open to the general category students, which is a much higher number than in other states,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322732", "title": "After citizens, animals at the Nehru Zoological Park left parched", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nehru Zoological Park is facing a severe water crisis over the last five days.The zoo park that houses over 1,300 species of birds and animals from different parts of the globe does not have enough water to ensure a cool and comfortable summer for its inmates this year. Given the water shortage, even sprinklers and foggers put up near the enclosures and gardens to beat the heat are not operating properly.Zoo staffers said that the regular water supply has been reduced to half and that the zoo would need at least 10 tankers daily to cover up the shortage.At the Cheetah mote where seven sprinklers have been installed only one sprinkler is working. Similar is the scene at almost all the enclosures and gardens. The scene near the aviary is miserable. Foggers put up here to sprinkle water regularly and bring down the temperatures are also not functional. The aviary houses several species of birds including love birds among others. Animal keepers said that the birds, which are the worst affected in hot weather conditions, will die because of the heat if the situation continues. Spread over 360-acres and counted among the biggest zoo parks in the country, experts said that the zoo is not doing enough for animals. While on one side its revenues are swelling but on the other, officials are not keen on taking steps to curb the water crunch that is affecting the animals, experts claimed. \"Earlier, tankers were ordered but despite the shortage, not a single tanker has been ordered so far this summer,\" said a source.Furthermore, the daily average visitor turnout has gone up to 15,000 while on the weekends, the number of visitors have crossed 40,000. \"The zoo is not able to provide as basic an amenity such as water for the visitors,\" said an animal keeper.When contacted, zoo curator M A Waheed said that he is writing to the water board to give a regular supply of two tankers on a daily basis. \"We are writing to the water board. Sometimes technical glitches are adding to the problem,\" said Waheed. He added that with the water levels in Miralam going down and with reduced pressure in the tap water supply, the shortage has cropped up.The aviary houses several species of birds including parrots, pigeons and love birds among others. Animal keepers said that the birds, which are the worst affected in hot weather conditions, will die because of the heat if the situation continues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327247", "title": "Melody bytes behind bars: Tihar looks for Idol within", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Bhagirath starts singing, everyone around him falls silent. In the 40X20ft room, the 25-year-old drummer's voice, without any accompanying music instrument, captures the raw emotion of the words he is singing. His powerful voice fills the room, drawing everyone to him. Slowly, the notes of a keyboard creep in, soon to be joined by two guitars and a synthesizer, and six more voices. The last strains of the music are met with thunderous applause. The venue is jail number 3 in Tihar prisons, and this is an audition for Tihar Idols.The project involves selecting inmates from 10 jails in Tihar, conducting auditions to select the best singers, musicians, dancers and lyricists and recording these inmates to produce four music albums of different music genres - Bollywood , regional, devotional and Punjabi. The process began in the last week of April, and around 300 inmates have already been shortlisted for audition from six jails.In line with the theme of music therapy that was introduced at Tihar last year, the prison administration hopes this will have a positive effect on inmates. \"The programme is part of a larger effort of reformation through education. We started introducing music rooms in each jail last year. Now every jail has these rooms with musical instruments where inmates can come and practise. It gives the inmates an outlet for their pent-up frustration and breeds positive competition between them,\" says Neeraj Kumar, director-general (prisons).Tihar Idols is aimed at building self-esteem among the inmates. Kumar adds, \"Not only does their talent get recognized, the ultimate prize is their self-esteem and sense of pride that comes from positive appreciation. The inmates can feel good about themselves, through a talent they build for themselves.\"While Bhagirath is undergoing trial in a dacoity case, his fellow singers are either on trial or convicted for murder, rape or drug dealing. Though a majority of them did not know how to play an instrument at the time of their admission to jail, several of them have shown tremendous talent. Bhagirath himself has learnt the drums and is learning the guitar and the synthesizer. \"Many instruments were donated to Tihar by Furtado, a music shop in Delhi,\" says law officer Sunil Gupta.\"The project is aimed at capturing Tihar's best singers, dancers, musicians and lyricists. All four music videos will have only inmates from Tihar. We have covered six jails so far. The response has been phenomenal,\" says Teena Sharma, programme director for Music One Records, one of the two music labels organizing the project.\"While jail Nos 1 and 6 had amazing dancers, the best singers so far have been from jail 2, 3 and 4. Jail No. 5 had the most enthusiastic lot, with some brilliant singers and performers. In jail 2, an inmate danced to 'Ek chatur nar' and it was a great performance. It is proving difficult to shortlist people,\" says Suraj Kumar, music director for RVP Suraj, the other music label involved with the project.Some foreign inmates have also participated. A Nigerian inmate singing 'Duniya ek numberi toh main dus numberi' had the organizers in splits. \"The excitement is infectious. There is no dearth of talent and everyone from the inmates to the jail staff wants to participate. We are even considering turning it into a reality show, provided the administration gives permission,\" says Teena.Celebrities from Mumbai are likely to be part of the jury during the next round of auditions. \"The selected people will undergo a month of grooming classes, after which the albums will be recorded,\" says Suraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13331111", "title": "Women in top jobs drink more", "text": "LONDON: Women in highflying jobs drink twice as much than those in manual jobs, according to UK's official statistics, reflecting a startling 'cocktail and business card culture' which is on the rise.Figures from the office of National Statistics in the UK showed that women in top positions, such as managers in large companies, drink a bottle of wine a week on average , around 11.2 units, compared with 6.2 units for female hairdressers, cleaners and factory workers.Expressing concerns over the figures, UK's shadow health minister Diane Abbott said the figures lifted the lid on some of the problems around the cocktail and business card culture.\"It's good that more women are out in the workforce and are enjoying social life in pubs and bars. But these disturbingly high figures reveal women's drinking patterns have changed in a generation, reflecting a silent, middle class epidemic,\" Abbott was quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph.\"These figures reflect the rise of the British 'Margarita culture' , and some of the surrounding problems,\" she said.Sir Ian Gilmore, chairman of the Alcohol Health Alliance group, said some women used alcohol to cope with daily stresses of balancing work and a family life. \"While alcohol may help people to reduce stress when used occasionally , if used regularly there is a real risk of it leading to dependence ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13329403", "title": "'Reverse racism': Black crows send a white crow packing", "text": "CHENNAI: It didn't share the same feathers and was branded an outcast.On Sunday, residents of Adyar, out for a morning walk, rescued the outcast -- an albino crow that was being pecked by a group of black crows.The crow tumbled off a tree top on the First Main Road of Gandhi Nagar near Kalakshetra.Residents saw the crow being clawed and pecked by black crows. It sustained minor injuries in the fall. Residents later handed it over to the Blue Cross. \"As the bird looked different, residents alerted us. The crow was handed over to the state forest department and would be shifted to the Vandalur zoo,\" said resident shelter manager of Blue Cross Dawn Williams.Each black crow, wildlife experts said, has a small percentage of white pigment. When the percentage of white pigment exceeds other pigments, the bird turns white.The white feathers and the pink eyes of the crow indicated that it suffered from a genetic disorder that upsets pigment level, said an expert.The species will not be able to hold out for long in the wild. \"Its life span is low because black crows remain hostile to white crow as it looks different. So, the white crow will find it difficult to source food. Eight years ago, Vandalur zoo got a white crow rescued by residents in Tambaram and this crow would be the second one,\" said sources in the forest department.Except the colour, the white crow retains all the features of a black crow. It is omnivorous and will eat almost anything including, other birds, fruits, nuts, molluscs, earthworms, seeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "in focus", "code": "13346890", "title": "\u2018Severe crisis this year\u2019", "text": "In focus: NizampetNAME: AVH Rao FAMILY SIZE: 4 members AREA PROFILE: Located on the city outskirts, Nizampet's new-found prominence is rooted in the development of the Outer Ring Road. The area's proximity to this arterial road has attracted the attention of a chunk of real estate majors who are now seen aggressively marketing this locality. But despite the area fast growing into a sought-after residential pocket, water is still a serious concern here. The ground water in this part of town that has dropped to abysmal levels is of extremely poor quality. Cashing in on this is the tanker mafia that has turned Nizampet into their `den' and are seen charging locals a hefty sum for every drop of consumable water delivered to their homes.CITIZEN SPEAK: Drinking water supply in our area is very limited. We get manjeera just once in every three or even four days. While the summer months are much worse, the water situation in this part of town is usually grim through the year. We depend entirely on bottled water for consumption and it costs the family about Rs 4,000 a month. We also pay for the tankers that the apartment buys to meet the water requirements of residents. Our building alone needs two 20,000-litre tankers every day, which cost Rs 5,200 (approx). In the last six years that we have been here, this is the first time that the crisis has been so severe and ground water has depleted so much. We hope the city gets a plentiful monsoon this year so that our water problems are resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13334032", "title": "Chief minister Naveen Patnaik leaves for UK today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik will leave for New Delhi on Monday, en route to the United Kingdom , official sources said.During his first overseas trip since becoming the CM 12 years ago, Naveen, who on Monday will complete three years in his third stint as CM, will be accompanied by textiles and handloom minister Usha Devi, minister of state for SC, ST Ramesh Majhi, principal secretary to CM Aditya Padhi, secretary, school and mass education Rajesh Verma , secretary, women and child development Arti Ahuja, private secretary to CM V Karthikeyan Pandian and director, National Rural Livelihood Mission. Naveen is slated to leave the UK for India on May 31, official sources said.During his eight-day tour, Naveen will focus on various development initiatives launched by UK's department for international development (DfID) and inaugurate an Odisha handloom show at London , sources said. During the past several years, DfID has been supporting Odisha in tackling malnutrition, modernizing government initiatives and improving SC, ST girls' education. Naveen will also visit the Institute of Development Studies (IDS), Sussex.Bijy Yuva Janata Dal (BYJD) president Sanjay Das Burma, in a press statement, said Naveen's visit \"promises to add a new chapter to Odisha's relations with Britain, strengthening the existing bond between them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13323396", "title": "Thane tribals object to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation plan for more water to Mumbai", "text": "THANE: The struggle for water in the dry lands of Mokhada and Jawahar is set for a confrontation with tribal leaders from these pockets vowing to intensify their stir. The leaders have threatened to embrace death, if necessary, through 'jal samadhi'.The call for an uprising was issued by tribal MLA Chintaman Vanga on Saturday following media reports, quoting BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte, that the middle Vaitarna project would be commissioned from August. Kunte had said that Mumbai's water supply would be augmented by 455 million litres of water daily, drawn from Vaitarna, which travels through the parched tribal talukas of Mokhada and Wada in Thane district.\"While lakhs of tribal families in Mokhada and Wada remain deprived of water despite the fact that the Upper and Middle Vaitarna projects are located in their neighbourhood, Mumbai's water needs get priority,\" complained Sanotsh Chothe, a local.Despite receiving heavy rainfall for close to four months during monsoon and free flowing water from Vaitarna, tribal villages in Mokhada and Jawahar experience a near-drought situation every year. Administrative neglect to piped water schemes and inadequate supply of water tankers have added to the woes of locals, who end up migrating to neighbouring Thane or Mumbai for sustenance.Early this month, a tribal woman from Mokhada died after walking almost two to three kilometres in sweltering sun to fetch water from a well that was filled up by water tankers. Reportedly, as many as 46 villages in Mokhada are to be regularly fed with water tankers.Vanga and locals from the Mokhada region, on Friday, held a meeting to discuss the water situation and expressed their displeasure over Kunte's statement. According to sources, those who attended the meeting pledged to oppose any move by the BMC to draw water from the Middle Vaitarna project unless the drinking water needs in the parched villages are fully met.\"Our women have to walk almost two to three kilometres to fetch water. Clothes and utensils are washed once in every two to three days by the riverside as it is difficult to walk up to the river every day. Tanker water is inadequate and the piped water schemes here were operational only for six months after inauguration,\" said Janardhan, a Khodala local.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13329211", "title": "Court awards woman Rs 2.1 lakh in medical negligence case", "text": "NOIDA: The district consumer forum has awarded a compensation of Rs 2.1 lakh to a 35-year-old woman who had gone to a hospital for medical treatment for a swelling in the thyroid gland, but reportedly, as a result of medical negligence, her gall bladder was removed in 2010. The forum came down heavily on the three accused doctors saying they must be more responsible while treating patients.Sangeeta, a resident of Salarpur village, had gone to Noida's ESI Hospital in Sector 24, constructed at Rs 90 crore and inaugurated earlier this year, for treatment of goitre. However, Sangeeta alleged that the doctors removed her gall bladder during the operation. \"I don't come from a rich family. I had gone for the treatment of goitre. Instead, doctors operated on my stomach and removed my gall bladder,\" she said.The incident took place on December 4, 2010. Sangeeta alleged that the doctors had made her sign blank documents and had not taken her consent before the operation. She had been receiving treatment for three months prior to the operation. The three doctors, on their part argued that they couldn't be held responsible and tried pinning the liability on the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "13328139", "title": "Couple abducts kid, cops clueless", "text": "JHANSI: A couple abducted a two-and-a-half years old girl from city's posh locality Jankipuram on Saturday evening. The incident occurred at a stone's throw distance from the SSP residence. The girl's uncle is the corporator of the area and lives with her family.As per reports, corporator Vikas Khatri's nephew Momo was playing near her house at around 7.30 pm when a couple approached her and swiftly took her on their bike. As the girl started crying, her friends raised a voice but incidentally there was no one nearby, so they rushed to Momo's house and informed about the incident. Police swung into action after getting the news, intensified the vehicle-checking but could not get any clue.CO (city) Sudha Singh said the police have registered a case under section 364 and got the sketches of the culprits drawn. The grandfather of the girl said that in the afternoon, a man claiming to be an LIC agent had come to their house and took their phone number.Meanwhile, the local businessmen sat on a dharna at the Elite crossing in protest against the rising crime in the city and non-serious attitude of the police. The family members and police said that no ransom call was received till late night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13329304", "title": "Seven-year-old treks to Everest base camp", "text": "NEW DELHI: A seven-year-old boy, Aaryan Balaji, has created history of sorts by becoming one of the youngest ever to trek up to Mt Everest's southern base camp at an altitude of 5,364 metres in Nepal.Accompanied by his parents, naval officer Commander K S Balaji and his wife Riki, Aaryan trekked all the way from Lukla to reach the Everest base camp on May 13. After spending a night at the camp, he went ahead to also climb the 5,554-metre Mt Kalapattar two days later. \"Hiking to the Everest base camp is a unique challenge, and the excitement in doing this as a family cannot be spelt out,'' said Riki Balaji.\"Aaryan had trained hard for this trek for over a month in the Andaman Islands... we had full confidence in him reaching the base camp and planting the Indian flag there. All of us are into adventure. My husband, for instance, is a qualified mountaineer, sky diver and has done around 35 hours on microlight flying, apart from being part of Indian expeditions to Mt Everest , South Pole and North Pole,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323032", "title": "Sex determination racket: Doctors under scanner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police investigation into the sex determination racket sting, conducted by district health officials on Friday, revealed that the main accused Ashok Patel used to contact several doctors on a case-to-case basis for using their equipments for illegal sex determination. Investigators are now trying to get names of the other doctors contacted by Patel.Patel and Dr Hemang Shah, a medical practitioner of Ahmedabad, have already been arrested on Friday in connection with the illegal sex test. Investigators also revealed that the sonography machine seized from Shah has not been registered with health department authorities, a crime in itself. After Shah's arrest police sent the machine details to the district health department from where they got to know that it was not registered. \"As per rules, all the sonography machines have to be registered with the authorities concerned and its usage has to be recorded and submitted periodically. In this case, the rules have been violated. We have sought registration details of the nursing home from the civic authorities,\" said Chetna Chaudhary, inspector of women police station.On Friday, a sting operation was carried out by chief district health officer Neelam Patel where Umiya Nursing Home in Naroda, run by Ashok Patel, was targeted. A three-month pregnant woman volunteered for the sting where she sought appointment for the sex determination after a meeting with Patel. Patel initially demanded Rs 10,000 but after negotiation, came down to Rs 9,000. After advance payment, the appointment was fixed for May 18.Shah, a private practitioner, came with his own sonography machine and conducted the test without filling up the mandatory form F required for sonography of pregnant woman declaring that the test was not carried out for sex determination. The case was handed over to women police station and the duo was arrested. Dr Shah complained of high blood pressure and diabetes after which he was shifted to the VS Hospital.Chaudhary told TOI that the investigation so far has revealed that Patel as the administrator of the hospital used to get the cases where couples would approach him for sex determination. \"He had contacts with a number of doctors as many of them would come as visiting consultants at the nursing home. Whenever a case comes up, Patel would contact a doctor and fix an appointment. The doctors would have to bring in their own portable sonography machine. This way, he would reduce the risk of being caught,\" she said.Investigators said that a team visited Dr Shah at the VS Hospital on Sunday evening. \"He is feeling better now and we expect to question him soon. We also want to know the ratio in which money was distributed among the doctors and Patel,\" said an official.TIMES VIEWThe Gujarat government has done the right thing by recruiting professional detectives for sting operations on doctors who still conduct sex determination tests. It should help in instilling fear in the hearts of those who commit this crime with impunity. Certain districts, like Mehsana, where the child sex ratio in the 0-6 age group has fallen alarmingly, have become the shame of the country. A developed state like Gujarat needs to wipe this ugly smudge from its face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13330489", "title": "Six women out to \u2018light\u2019 kids\u2019 lives", "text": "LUDHIANA: In an effort to provide basic requirements to the needy, a group of six young women from the city have recently formed a charity organization, 'Nayee Zindagi Nayee Udaan'.The organization distributed clothes and shoes to the children living with visual disability at the Vocational Rehabilitation Training Centre, Humbran Road, near Jyoti Kendra Hospital on Friday.Sapali Jain, 33, a businesswoman from Kitchlu Nagar said the idea behind their effort is to give something back to the society.''We gave school uniforms, including socks and shoes, to 80 students of this centre. They might be visually challenged but their ability to sense is much better than our sight,'' said Sapali.Sakshi Jain, 35, another member from Ghumar Mandi said she loved the time spent with the children at the centre. ''Doing something for the people to whom life has been unfair is more rewarding than anything else,'' said Sakshi. ''We will plan more such activities in future,'' said Nidhi Jain, 34, a Tagore Nagar resident.Sanjana Jain, 35, a resident of Iqbal Ganj, said, ''This activity gave us immense satisfaction and the happy faces of the kid will stay with us forever.''A professional painter and the youngest member of the organization, Anju Dogra, 27, a Tagore Nagar resident, said she spent a quality time with the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13326398", "title": "Only 44 sign up for e-meters on last day", "text": "MUMBAI: State transport commissioner V N More told TOI on Sunday that several auto drivers had missed a \"golden opportunity\" to get e-meters installed in their vehicles. On the final day of the camp organized by the Regional Transport Office (RTO), 44 auto drivers switched over to e-meters (21 and 23 in Wadala and Andheri). \"Usually, it takes nearly two days for an auto driver to buy an e-meter, complete the procedures and get them stamped with the RTO seal,\" More said.\"We had provided a one-stop shop where all the manufacturers displayed their wares, answered queries and provided discounts. The RTO attestations were done immediately within a couple of hours. It couldn't have been faster than this,\" he added. However, for auto drivers, who stayed away from the camp, there is no running away.\"All auto drivers will have to switch over to e-meters by March 2013, they could have taken advantage of our weekend camp. It's sad that some drivers were misled by union leaders and dissuaded from attending our camp,\" More added.Auto drivers will have to replace their mechanical meters with the e-meters when they go in for their vehicles' annual fitness tests. However, some are avoiding this by not appearing for the fitness examination. The RTO will launch a drive to check for expired fitness certificates fine drivers.\"It will be inappropriate to call the camp a flop show. We did our best in the larger interest of drivers and passengers,\" an RTO official said. However, a union leader denied that there was a boycott call and said drivers showed no interest in such camps. \"Twenty-one registered at the Wadala RTO on Sunday as compared to 14 on the previous day,\" deputy RTO Abhay Deshpande said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13334463", "title": "Paraplegic tops Teachers' Eligibility Test", "text": "GUWAHATI: He waited patiently, just like the thousands others who had gathered at the National Stadium, but his name was called in the first few moments after the announcement of the commencement of distribution of engagement letters to those who had cared the Teachers' Eligibility Test under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.Topper Mintu Bora (in pic left), aged 32, is paraplegic. A native of Baharangbari at Gohpur in Sonitpur district, he was in dire straits four years ago after an infection affected his central nervous system and his spine, rendering him handicapped. But against all odds, he succeeded to achieve what he believed in. Bora, the highest scorer in the physically disabled category with 233.66 marks out of 400 in TET for Upper Primary level, on Sunday collected his engagement letter from chief minister Tarun Gogoi and education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Sunday.A former employee at a private insurance firm, Bora also happens to be a close relative of famous freedom fighter Kanaklata, who faced bullets from the British in her attempt to hoist the Tricolor during the Quit India Movement in the early '40s. He quit his job to pursue his passion of teaching, and last year, when the government announced the commencement of statewide eligibility test for teachers, Bora decided to pursue it and take up the challenge.\"I love teaching and it is my passion. I want to bring change to the society and inspire the new generation to meet challenges boldly and honestly. I am a graduate in arts, specialized in economics and want to teach social science,\" said Bora.Asked what challenges the education scenario is facing at the moment, Bora said that emphasis must be laid on the moral values and role of parents and guardians should be made more important and sacrosanct. He added that as a teacher he will work to retain the good aspects of education and help instill values required for students to be good human beings and contribute to build a better society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345934", "title": "My sexual orientation is mine, says Raven-Symone", "text": "Actress and singer Raven-Symone poses at the benefit gala for the 50th anniversary of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Beverly Hills)Raven-Symone has condemned a tabloid's speculation about her sexuality, insisting her love life is nobody's business but her own.The former child star found herself under the spotlight this week following a National Enquirer expose which suggested that she had set up home in New York with rumoured girlfriend AzMarie Livingston, a contestant on Tyra Banks' reality TV show America's Next Top Model.The article prompted an annoyed Symone to take to her social network website,Twitter on Friday and lash out at the claims, although she refused to set the record straight about her sexual orientation, insisting the information should be private.\"I'm living my PERSONAL life the way I'm happiest. I'm not one, in my 25 year career, to disclose who I'm dating. and I shall not start now. My sexual orientation is mine, and the person I'm datings (sic) to know. I'm not one for a public display of my life,\" the Daily Express quoted her as tweeting.\"However that is my right as a HUMAN BEing whether straight or gay. To tell or not to tell. As long as I'm not harming anyone. I am a light being made from love. And my career is the only thing I would like to put on display, not my personal life. Kisses!\" she wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13330913", "title": "Texting kills 5,000 people a year in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Texting and talking on cell phones behind the wheel kills more than 5,000 people every year on US highways . Teen drivers seem to be especially susceptible to distraction , a study says.A 2009 study focusing on drivers of larger vehicles and trucks has concluded that texting raised the risk of a crash by 23 times compared with non-distracted driving, an environmental report says.Environmental researcher Uvid Hosansky, who authored the report on texting while driving for the journal CQ Researcher, wrote, \"Texting drivers took their eyes off the road for each text an average of 4.6 seconds, which at 55 mph means they were driving the length of a football field without looking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13333314", "title": "Lucky Chennai now hope to do better", "text": "CHENNAI: The tension was too much, but by the end of it on Sunday evening, the relief was immense.After being down and out losing to Team Punjab on Thursday, the biggest Chennai fans didn't give themselves a chance. Three results had to go their way and the team, too, was \"hoping against hope.\"On Friday and Saturday, things did go Chennai's way when Rajasthan and Punjab lost out, but the entire team knew that the biggest hurdle will be Team Bangalore. So by Sunday afternoon, when the team (barring MS Dhoni and Suresh Raina, who are in New Delhi), gathered in one room, they were feeling the heat.\"If you are at the ground and playing, you know that things are in your hand. But this was a completely different scenario and all we could do was to hope that Hyderabad will win it for us,\" a senior Chennai official who was with the team, told TOI.When Hyderabad lost those early wickets and were in a bit of trouble, some of the players had given up hope. \"Bangalore are a good team and we didn't expect that Hyderabad will go past 130. Thanks to JP Duminy that they reached 132... Still we weren't too hopeful,\" a senior player said.However, the slow nature of the wicket did give Chennai a ray of hope and \"we believed if Dale Steyn could strike in the first few overs, we have a chance,\" the player added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325413", "title": "Two arrested for youth's murder at Bhosari", "text": "PUNE: The Bhosari police on Saturday claimed to have solved the murder of Govind Ambadas Khating (22), following the arrest of two suspects. Khating was allegedly bludgeoned to death late on Thursday night on Alandi-Bhosari road.Both the supects - Amit Yadav (22) and Pradip Dabhade (20) - are residents of Bhosari. Assistant police inspector with the Bhosari police P M Pawar and his team arrested the duo on Saturday.Investigations have revealed that the duo had bludgeoned Khating to death following a petty quarrel that took place in Bhosari market about a month ago. \"Until their arrests Yadav and Dabhade were not aware that their attack had killed Khating,\" Pawar said.On Thursday night, Khating and his friend Dnyaneshwar Bhujbal had gone to dispose of garbage near a marriage hall on Bhosari-Alandi road. \"While they were returning, the suspects hurled chilli powder into Bhujbal's eyes. Yadav then hit Khating with a big stone. When he fell down, Dabhade also hit him with a stone,\" Pawar said, adding that the duo then fled from the spot.The police had ruled out the possibility of robbery as nothing was stolen from Khating and Bhujbal. \"We detained Yadav and Dabhade on Saturday after we received a tip-off about their involvement. During sustained interrogation they admitted to attacking Khating with stones,\" Pawar said.Both Yadav and Dabhade were working as labourers in the Bhosari area, Pawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328494", "title": "This abandoned area in heart of city is haven for snakes", "text": "COIMBATORE: In one of the inner lanes of State Bank Colony near Singanallur is an open space owned by the city corporation that was to be landscaped into a beautiful park.But now it has become a major threat for residents as the space is left unattended and is covered with wild shrubs becoming a haven for snakes.Residents claim that a flock of 10 to 12 peacocks feed on these reptiles almost on a daily basis. Meanwhile, the corporation remains inactive, despite several requests from residents. \"We have been asking the corporation to revive the park so that residents can relax, go for a morning jog or an evening walk. The area is filled with snakes. Before the compound wall was erected, our dog strayed inside the danger area and died of snake bite,\" said Sheeba Frederick, a resident of State Bank Colony.The corporation has around 29 cents of land in the residential area, which had been reserved to construct a park six years ago. The residents were promised that the area would be converted into a park by the previous and present corporation councils.\"Snakes have been spotted in this lane on numerous occasions as they slither out of the enclosed area underneath the gate which is not locked,\" said Lokanayaki, another resident.The city corporation had spent more than Rs 15 lakh to construct a compound wall to enclose the park area and lay a walkway inside it about two years ago. \"Some payment issue cropped up between the corporation and the contractor, leaving the work unfinished. Now the entire park looks like a mini jungle,\" said PS Narayanan, secretary, Uzhavar Sandai Facing Residents Welfare Association. The association has five colonies under it, including State Bank Colony. The corporation councillor for the ward KB Balraj told TOI that he has taken up the matter with corporation officials and the compound will be cleared soon and made useful for residents. \"There are snakes inside the compound and we cannot risk sending in our workers to clear out the weeds and shrubs. The matter has been officially taken up with the city corporation already,\" Balraj added.Coimbatore: In one of the inner lanes of State Bank Colony near Singanallur is an open space owned by the city corporation that was to be landscaped into a beautiful park.But now it has turned out to be a major threat for the residents in the area as the space left unattended and maintained is now covered with invasive shrub species and has become a haven for slithering snakes.The residents claim that a flock of 10 to 12 peacocks feed on these reptiles almost on a daily basis even as the corporation officials are yet to take any action to revive the abandoned park, despite repeated request from the residents.\"We have been asking the corporation to revive the park so that residents can relax and go for a morning jog or an evening walk. There are lots of snakes in the park and before the compound wall of the park was erected our dog strayed inside and died of snake bite,\" said Sheeba Frederick, a resident of State Bank Colony.The corporation has around 29 cents of land in the residential area, which has been reserved to construct a park six years ago. The residents were promised that the compound will be made into a park ever since by the previous and present corporation councils.\"Snakes have been spotted in this lane on numerous occasions as they slither out underneath the gate which is in any case not locked. There are poisonous snakes also inside the compound,\" said Lokanayaki, another resident The city corporation had even spent more than Rs 15 lakh to construct a wall around the compound and also lay a walkway inside it about two years ago.\"Some payment issue cropped up between the corporation and the contractor, leaving the work unfinished. Now the entire park looks like a mini jungle,\" said PS Narayanan, secretary, Uzhavar Sandai Facing Residents Welfare Association. The association has five colonies under it, including the State Bank Colony.The corporation councillor for the ward KB Balraj told TOI that he has taken up the matter with corporation officials and the compound will be cleared soon and made usable for the residents. \"There are lot of snakes inside the compound and we cannot risk sending in our workers inside to clear out the weeds and shrubs. The matter has been officially taken up with the city corporation already,\" Balraj added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13323997", "title": "CBI seeks details of escrow account of Abhishek Verma\u2019s front company", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buoyed by the trove of documents alleging money laundering received from a former US-based attorney against Abhishek Verma, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has sought details of the escrow account of New York-based Ganton Limited, an alleged front company of Verma.The US attorney, C Edmond Allen, had been asked to submit details of Ganton's escrow account which he operated on behalf of Verma for several years.Top government sources said details of the escrow account might throw fresh light on the sensational naval war room leak case that is still shrouded in mystery.From Allen, CBI is keen to know that if in May (2005), $82,79,874 in the form of three securities each for 30 years were deposited in the escrow account. The CBI suspects that out the three securities, $20,000 was to be remitted to Atlas Telecom Services (www.atlastelecom.com) US, through Wachovia Securities Bank, New York .In 2006, during investigation of the naval war room leak case, the CBI had stumbled upon certain transactions from LGT Bank, Liechtenstein.Confirming the discreet probe after receiving letters from Allen, CBI director A P Singh said, \"A DIG level officer has been given the task to seek more information from the US-based attorney.\"Sources said getting information of all the money received in the escrow account from different international banks and sent further to other accounts was crucial to trace the money trail in many cases in which Verma has figured in the past.Investigation into the naval war room leak case had found that Verma was the in-charge of Altas Group of Industries in India (Atlas Defence and Atlas Telecom). A CBI chargesheet had claimed that Verma had received remittances to the tune of Rs 6.5 crore to bribe defence personnel to get details of various purchases to be made by the military. Verma resigned from the group after the naval war room case made headlines in June 2006.The CBI investigation had revealed that Verma also controlled all bank accounts of the group in India. Apart from Verma, the CBI had alleged that former naval officer Kulbhushan Parashar, the vice-president of Atlas Defence Systems, was involved in bribing eight defence officials to collect sensitive information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13329062", "title": "Seven 'errant' pilots reply to DGCA", "text": "DGCA has received reply from six to seven of the 11 AI pilots whose licences the airline management wants to be cancelled. DGAC had asked them last week to reply within seven days so that a decision could be taken on AI's request for licence cancellation.An IPG member, who wrote back, said: \"Our reply is like a legal notice. How can DGCA interfere in what is essentially an industrial dispute? Six months back we approached DGCA to intervene in non-payment of salaries, which is a serious safety issue, and they did nothing. Now they issued notice on the complaint of the airline.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13333812", "title": "Power department continues drive against defaulters", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Cracking whip against illegal users of electricity, the officials of the power department continued raids for the second day on Saturday.Six teams constituted under the leadership of executive engineer, Tagore Town division, Ashish Asthana fanned out in different parts of the city and caught 15 consumers who were using electricity without proper connection. The team imposed heavy penalty on the offenders and lodged FIRs against them under the provisions of IPC and UP State Electricity Act-2005.Executive engineer, administration, Mohammad Feroz said that the defaulters included those who were using electricity illegally through 'katia' while some were found using electricity illegally for commercial purpose.Two consumers each were booked in Muthigunj and Phaphamau for using electricity illegally through katia. Another consumer was booked for illegal use at Shantipuram locality. The teams lodged FIRs against them with Phaphamau police.At Colvin road in Civil Lines, two consumers were using electricity by tampering the meter installed inside their premises. Two others were also caught at Lohia Marg in Civil Lines.At Lukergunj, two consumers were booked for using electricity illegally and the total load of one of them was found to be around 7.5 kilowatt. The team lodged FIRs against them with Khuldabad police.At Naini, three cases of illegal use of electricity came to light, of which two consumers were found using a katia while the other one had bypassed the electronic meter.At Transport Nagar, a body building gymnasium was found functioning and heavy duty electrical machines and equipment were found installed without proper connection.The drive would continue for the next few weeks. Consumers using electricity illegally and without the sanctioned load should get the same regularized, failing which action would be taken against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328381", "title": "Activist's kin want fair probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Close to a hundred people gathered at Jantar Mantar on Sunday evening to protest against the way Delhi Police was probing the death of RTI activist Ravinder Balwani.Balwani's family and friends said they want an independent probe into his death. Balwani's family has written to DCP (south) Chaya Sharma asking that the case be transferred to the crime branch. The protesters, including RTI activist Arvind Kejriwal and eminent lawyer Shanti Bhushan, alleged that police was hushing up the matter as an accident.\"The truth must come out. We want a fair probe by an independent and specialized agency,\" said Kejriwal. He said had the Lokpal bill been implemented, Balwani would have still been alive.\"In the Lokpal bill, we had made this demand for providing protection to whistle-blowers. We want the government to now take it up at the earliest,\" he said.\"Considering the nature of injuries that the postmortem has revealed, our doubts about this being a clear case of murder stand confirmed. We want police to give this case to either the crime branch or CBI so that a fair probe can be done,\" said Varun Balwani (25), Ravinder Balwani's son.Balwani's daughter Sonia (26) said important case documents their father was carrying with him on the day of the accident had disappeared and this, too, indicates that there has been a cover-up.The family has also met officials from the CIC (Centre for Information Commission) demanding that the answers to their father' RTI queries be uploaded on the CIC website. \"As per the CIC norms if a person seeking details dies before the reply is received, the agency has to post the details on the website. We want answers to all the queries made by our father,\" Varun said.Balwani - a retired employee of government power utility Transco - died due to head injuries on April 26, three days after he was hit by a vehicle on his way back home from a court hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13327271", "title": "Jayalalithaa seeks PM intervention in Pennaiyar river row", "text": "CHENNAI: After raising the Cauvery water dispute with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has shot off another letter to him, this time over the proposal of the Karnataka government to build check dams and diversionary structures across the Pennaiyar river. The river flows through five districts of Tamil Nadu and irrigates nearly 4 lakh acres.\"Any attempt to withhold the flows by constructing check dams and diversion structures across the Pennaiyar river will be a serious breach of the existing inter-state agreement on this issue. This will also be a body blow to the farmers of Tamil Nadu besides affecting the basic drinking water supply position,\" she stated in the letter sent on Saturday. Copies of the letter were circulated to the media here on Sunday.The letter points out that in accordance with clause II of the 1892 Madras-Mysore agreement, the upstream state (Karnataka) shouldn't without the previous consent of the downstream state (TN) build any new structure to obstruct, divert or store the waters. Neither has Karnataka sought Tamil Nadu's consent nor has it furnished information to the TN government despite requests not to commence any work without prior intimation, the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346278", "title": "Monroe\u2019s rendition of `Happy B'day, Mr Prez` turns 50", "text": "19th May 2012 marked the 50th anniversary of one of the most provocative presidential tributes ever - by Marilyn Monroe to John F. Kennedy in 1962.A number of Marilyn Monroe look-alikes gathered at Madison Square Garden for a casting call to mark the anniversary of her sultry performance at the Garden's old home.On May 19, 1962, Monroe crooned \"Happy Birthday, Mr. President\" to Kennedy during a star-studded concert at Madison Square Garden to celebrate the commander in chief's 45th birthday.The 35-year-old chanteuse, in a skintight dress, serenaded the president, who showed up stag after First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy skipped the event to visit friends in Virginia.\"I can now retire from politics after having 'Happy Birthday' sung to me in such a sweet, wholesome way,\" the New York Daily News quoted Kennedy as telling the audience of 15,000.Though Kennedy's actual birthday was 10 days away, Jack Benny , Ella Fitzgerald , Bobby Darin and a host of other celebrities feted Kennedy at the Garden, which then stood between 50th and 51st Streets on Eighth Avenue in Manhattan.Monroe's breathy rendition of the birthday standard has spurred a series of spoofs, including one by Mike Myers as Wayne Campbell in 'Wayne's World', and another by Madonna on 'Saturday Night Live' in 1993.Last fall, Lady Gaga , in a blond, Marilyn-inspired do, sang a sexy 'Happy Birthday, Mr. President' to former President Bill Clinton at a fundraiser in honour of his 65th birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322501", "title": "Documenting history while it lasts, before metro strikes", "text": "HYDERABAD: A group of nearly 80 people gathered at the necropolis, Daira Mir Momin in the Old City on Sunday morning to pay their respects and \"apologise\" to Mir Momin Astarabadi for the destruction of old structures to make way for the metro rail. Mir Momin was a Qutub Shahi prime minister who played a major role in planning the city. In an attempt to enjoy the city's old sites while it lasts, a heritage walk from Darulshifa to Daira Mir Momin was organised by a non-profit organisation and a group of photography enthusiasts.Organisers said the main purpose behind the event was to make people aware about the beauty of the city which lies in the old fashioned structures and to document them as they would soon be torn down for the Hyderabad Metro Rail project. \"It is very sad that we are not able to conserve these buildings which speak volumes about our city's history. Very soon we will not be able to see these structures as the entire landscape is about to change, thanks to the metro rail project. This walk is an attempt to document this history before we lose it all,\" said Chandrasekhar Singh, one of the event coordinators and a curator at Hyderabad Weekend Shoots, a group of photography enthusiasts in the city whose members participated in the walk.The event was organised by Indian National trust for Art and Culture Heritage (Intach), Hyderabad, a non-profit organisation striving to preserve heritage buildings and monuments.The group began walking at 8 am from Darulshifa towards the necropolis of Daira Mir Momin and reached there at around 11.30 am. On the way, they stopped and photographed several Sufi dargahs, small mosques, Hindu structures and even old houses. Nawab Kalyani Kamaluddin, descendent of the nawabs of Kalyani, participated in the walk and the group also visited the remnants of their ancestral tombs at Moghalpura.An official of Intach said, \"At the Moghalpura tombs, locals act as the protectors, prohibiting trespassers on the site. It is sad that while people are trying to preserve the old monuments and structures, the authorities on the other hand are so insensitive about them. We hope the authorities in charge of the metro rail project reconsider their decision to tear down these buildings which remind us of the old Hyderabad. In the end, we paid our respects at the tomb of Mir Momin Astarabadi and apologised to him on behalf of the people who are destroying the city that he planned.\"Organisers said they will be having many such heritage walks in the future, especially at sites where metro rail corridors have been planned in order to raise awareness about the heritage structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343295", "title": "B\u2019wood baddie Gavin Packard passes away", "text": "British origin Bollywood baddie Gavin Packard gave up his fight against respiratory disorder on May 18, 2012. The 48-year-old actor, who had featured in many a blockbuster including Sadak, Tridev, Karan Arjun and Mohra breathed his last at a nursing centre in Vasai at 4 am.His funeral was held at St. Andrews Burial Grounds in Bandra on May 19. And though around 200 people came to pray for his soul, the film industry that was close to his heart was conspicuous by its absence.However, when contacted the many stars who had worked with Gavin and had also been coached by the national award winning body builder, they expressed grief over his demise.Talking to Mumbai Mirror, Suniel Shetty said, \"It makes me very sad to learn about Gavin's death. He was a part of all my initial films. In fact, he was the one who got Sanju (Sanjay Dutt) into body building, Bahut acha aadmi tha par producers se paise maang nahi sakta tha. Then at the end of the day, it becomes a hand to mouth existence. We used to train together a lot and when it came to bodybuilding, he was a pioneer. He exactly knew about every muscle, food intake. Any action film you say, he was there.\"Sanjay Dutt said, \"He was like a brother to me. He introduced me to body building. I am a Godfather to his daughters also. I'll pray for his peace. I am there for his family always. Gold bless his soul.\"Salman Khan's bodyguard Shera, who had even trained with Gavin, told , \"I knew him even before he came into films. He would be a part of a lot of body building competitions that I would also participate in. He had a nice personality and physique and I am very sorry to hear about his death. He was a friend of mine. Bahut achcha aadmi tha.\"As told to Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324423", "title": "Christians allege religious feelings hurt by TV show", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of members of the Christian community held a protest at a local church on Sunday against statements regarding their religion made on a national Hindi news channel. The protest was organized at the 1840 Church ground, where members resolved to meet the collector with their complaint.Rev Satish Yangad said, \"A few days ago a Hindi news channel conducted a panel discussion during which one of the panelists said the Bible is a myth and the existence of Virgin Mary has no historical evidence. This hurt our sentiments but we will only protest peacefully.\"A 50-feet-long banner has been signed by thousands of community members registering their complaint. Rev Prakash Timothy said, \"This banner will be given to the district collector in the coming week and we will register our complaint, and ask him to contact authorities so that the media also filters out information which can hurt religious sentiments.\"The community members have decided against registering a police complaint for the moment. Prashant Sathianathan, a lawyer and one of the protesters, said, \"Everyone has his own belief system and insulting the religious sentiments of any religion is an offence under the Indian Penal Code. We haven't filed any FIR against the panellist or the TV channel yet, but if this continues then we might have to do so. We believe the media has a pivotal role in society and they must respect the sentiments of people.\"Raj Siddiqui, member, National Commission for Minority Education, was one of the invited guests at the protest venue and said both sides should be heard out. \"The person who has made such statements should also be called and his version must be heard. This is a democratic way of doing things. I have respect for the Christian community since it has contributed greatly to the development of the nation. We must all try to solve differences if we are to move ahead in the global arena,\" said Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325182", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park to get new internal roads, enclosures", "text": "PUNE: The Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park or Katraj zoo plans to construct a bridge along the dam to create a circular road and a service road adjacent to the compound wall for the zoo staff. This will facilitate easy movement of visitors.The announcement was made by zoo officials during a public awareness programme in the presence of PMC officials and corporators on Sunday. Present developments and future plans for the zoo were discussed.Raj Kumar Jadav, director, Katraj zoo, said that at present visitors have to walk a long distance inside the zoo. The circular road that will be approximately 2.5 km in length will reduce the distance. \"A service road of approximately 2 km will be constructed that will be accessed by the zoo staff,'' he said.The zoo, run by PMC, plans to create awareness among school students about their animals and zoo's conservation. For this, the zoo has developed a website 'www.punezoo.gov.in' providing information on zoo timings, activities, zoo education, veterinary services, animal upkeep, visitors, animal rescue and rehabilitation centre, among others.According to the master plan that has been sent to the central zoo authority (CZA) for approval, there will be new animal enclosures, interpretation centre and ex-situ breeding centre. Six CCTV cameras will be installed in the first phase at prime locations. At present two CCTV cameras have already been installed and have started operating from Sunday.New animal enclosures will be constructed for lion, hyena, fox, barking deer, nilgai, lesser cat, jungle cat, rusty spotted cat. The reptile section will be shifted to a new area inside the zoo premises. The ex-situ breeding programme will be taken up for species - lesser cats, King Cobra, Mouse deer and Giant Squirrel. There will be an interpretation centre for creating awareness and educating the public.Jadav said, \"We want to educate the school students about the animals and their conservation. Around 25 students will be made aware about the zoo and its activities on Monday.\"Sunil Kesari, garden superintendent, PMC and other engineers of the PMC were present at the programme. Local corporators stressed that the circular road should be taken up on priority. Also, awareness about discontinuing use of plastic should be created among the visitors inside the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345702", "title": "Punjabi athlete new face of Arnold's health products", "text": "Known by the names of Austrian Oak, Arnie, Governer and Terminator, Arnold Schwarzenegger has announced 6 feet 3 inch tall Punajbi athlete Varinder Singh Ghuman, as the face of his health products and food supplements in Asia.Varinder Singh Ghuman is a professional bodybuilder and Punjabi wrestler, well-known for being the World's First Vegetarian Bodybuilder. Ghuman has also won Mr. India in 2009 and was awarded 2nd place in Mr. Asia. He will soon be seen in an upcoming Punjabi movie Kabaddi Once Again .The Terminator tagged Ghuman as ' an amazing talent from India' on his Facebook profile. He also tagged the links of Ghuman's upcoming movie Kabaddi Once Again clips to showcase his 23-inch biceps.To quote Varinder Ghuman, \"It's a great thing for regional Punjabi cinema to be recognised by the Hollywood star. He appreciated my physique and was surprised to see that India was producing athletes of such big built. The contract is in the final stages and will be signed soon. I hope to popularise bodybuilding in India.\"Source: Punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13314922", "title": "Marathi filmmakers give mature treatment to Children films", "text": "Marathi filmmakers are now giving a mature treatment to their children's films. TOI tracks the trendWhen we think 'children's films', we think 'fun and light entertainment'. But the recent lot of Marathi films have gone beyond this. They no longer underestimate their young audience and their maturity level. Take for example Taryanche Bait and Shaala, and more recent films like Arohi, Babu Band Baaja, Jana Gana Mana, Khel Mandla and Dambis. What's common and striking in all these movies, apart from kids being their focal point, is that they are spun around mature subjects, sometimes laced with underlying social messages.So, what is inspiring filmmakers to make such films? Involving children to present a profound issue definitely has a more powerful impact than showing melodramatic situations or lecturing one about them, feels director Rajesh Pinjani of Babu Band Baaja. \"Children have neutral feelings and justify things faster. They are not superheroes but can create a deep and meaningful impact. So using their perspective for a film makes it more interesting,\" he says.Actor-director Makrand Anaspure's debut venture Dambis reflected an eight-year-old boy's experience of living in a nuclear family. He says, \"Unlike the lives of kids today, our generation was never stuck in globalisation. The concerns, preferences and even the problems of today's generation have changed. This amuses me and was the motivation of my film. This kind of cinema is just a reflection of what is happening in the society. According to me these are the real contemporary subjects.\" Actor Prasad Oak's upcoming flick Amhi Chamakte Taare will showcase the conflict of an AIDS infected child and his parents with the society. \"There are so many issues concerning the lives of children around us; it's just that we are watching them on screen now,\" Oak says. Actor Santosh Juvekar, who acted in Jana Gana Mana , agrees and chips in, \"Parents should make it a point to take their children to watch these movies. There are millions of children who are less fortunate and whose plights should be understood by the lucky few so that they become more considerate in life.\"So right from children taking up family responsibilities at an early age, exploring the fun side of education, being victims of parental disputes, fighting positively with their physical ailments to adolescent love stories - every idea is occupying screen space. Though this trend has caught on, some in the industry feel that the films can get too heavy for children. \"Are such films really entertainment for children?\" questions director-producer Mahesh Tilekar. \"Filmmakers have almost stopped making out-and-out enjoyable films for children, which is sad. Sometimes children who are a part of the film don't even know the subject well due to their immaturity. Moreover, such films can make them grow up faster than their age.\" Actor Madhura Velankar reaffirms Tilekar's thoughts by saying, \"I understand such films are probably the need of the time, but in a bid to introduce children to reality we cannot compromise their innocence.\"And what does the young clan have to say? Teenager Ketaki Mategaonkar, who impressed all with her films Shaala and Arohi, feels, \"Today's kids are very sharp. With exposure and education, they become aware of a lot of things quite early in life.\" The child actor, who beautifully essayed the role of a young widow Uma in Mahesh Manjrekar's new movie, adds, \"Had I been from my mother's generation, I wouldn't have understood Uma's character, but I had no difficulty grasping its intensity. In fact, my four-year-old brother asked me why my character does not get re-married.\" Seems like the kids are enjoying playing grown-ups on screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13352351", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi's 21st death anniversary: Bihar Pradesh Youth Congress pays tribute", "text": "PATNA: The 21st death anniverssary of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, who was killed in a suicide bomb attack on this day 21 years ago was today observed as 'sacrifice day' by the Bihar Pradesh Youth Congress.State Youth Congress president Lalan Kumar said the Youth Congress organised blood donation camps in various parts of the state on the occasion.He said a candle light march in the state capital would be taken out to highlight the contributions of the late premier.Senior Youth Congress leaders Rohit Kumar, Suresh Chand Pappu, Kumar Ashish, Shashi Ranjan, Ajit Kumar Dipu and Geeta Devi were present at the state party headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324280", "title": "Ideas pour in to stop tiger poaching", "text": "NAGPUR: Reactions continue to pour in against the brutal poaching of a full-grown tiger at Borda near Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve on Friday.Reacting to Friday's incident, Belinda Wright, executive director of Wildlife Protection Society of India ( WPSI), said the loss of every wild tiger is a major set back for this critically endangered species. \"The removal of three tigers from the wild due to poaching in Tadoba landscape tragically illustrates just how inadequate our existing protection measures are. The only short-term remedy for this is intelligence-led enforcement,\" Wright said.To achieve this, the forest department needs to collaborate closely with skilled enforcement officers from the police department, and experienced NGOs. Modern investigation techniques, including forensics and trained dogs, need to be quickly put in place, she said.Wright said another essential requirement is improved patrolling and monitoring in the field.Prof Nishi Mukherjee, who works with Baiga tribals in Kanha, called for a law to shoot poachers at sight. In Kaziranga tiger reserve in Assam, poachers are shot, he said. The Assam government, like the government of South Africa, knows how much economic sustenance the parks can give to local people.\"Nagpur is the 'tiger capital of the world' and the 'gateway to tiger land'. Why must Maharashtra be a soft state within the country? With such flagrant poaching continuing without any accountability, is anyone held responsible?\" asks Mukherjee.He said, \"If criminals plunder gold from the Reserve Bank of India, will the security keep quiet? Similarly, if poachers plunder tigers and leopards, our forest wealth, should the forest department keep mum? Tigers and leopards are like gold mines and can bring in huge money, but locals have failed to understand this.\"Wildlife veterinarian Dr AD Kholkute called for close watch on Nagbhid, Talodi, Sindewahi, Mul and Babupeth railway stations and bus stands, from where Bahelia poachers sneak into the forest areas. \"Inquire with local cycle stores about any unknown person hiring a cycle and if a local person has introduced him,\" he suggested.There are coal mines in Chandrapur and majority of the workers are from other states. Officials should inquire about guests visiting these workers. Besides, villagers, particularly shepherds and cowboys, need to be taken into confidence as they know people wander in the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13329357", "title": "Yamuna Expressway set to open by June 15", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: After missing several deadlines, the Yamuna Expressway is finally set to open around June 15. The state government has asked Jaypee Group to complete work on the e-way by May 31 after which UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will inaugurate it.Recently, a meeting was held between the Jaypee group top brass and the UP government in which pending work was discussed and a deadline set to give final touches to the expressway by May 31.Sources in Jaypee Group, however, claimed that the entire work on the expressway has been completed and the UP government can open it anytime. \"On May 8, a delegation visited the e-way and found that things were in place,\" a source said.\"The government needs to fix the speed limit and toll tax rates. All these things will have to be mentioned in the gazette notification,\" a senior official at Yamuna Expressway Authority said, adding, if everything goes as planned then the expressway will open by June 15.TOI has a copy of the latest report filed by Yamuna Expressway Authority before the state government. The report says road work is complete on the entire 165km stretch. Even toll plazas have been constructed. Interchange at one location is held up due to non-transferring of land by the railway, however the acquisition process is underway.The survey on giving toll-free access to residents along the expressway is under scrutiny by consultants RITES and the proposal of fixing speed limit has been submitted to the government. Roadside facilities being provided on both sides of the six toll plazas, interchanges and underpasses with standby power supply, pavement markings and road signages also have been completed. Roadside facilities will be provided on the expressway at toll plazas at 38.8km, 95.2km and 150.325 km.The 165km-long expressway is being constructed between Greater Noida to Agra. Before the Bhatta-Parsaul agitation took place on May 7, 2011, the Yamuna Expressway Authority had announced that its work in Gautam Budh Nagar district would be completed by June end. However, the bloody clash between farmers and police disturbed the process.\"Once the expressway is opened, lakhs of commuters will be able to cut short their journey to Agra and beyond. We are looking forward to cater to the public and get their feedback,\" said a senior Jaypee official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13333042", "title": "Lalu Prasad Yadav calls for Magadh division bandh", "text": "PATNA: Saying his party has given enough time to chief minister Nitish Kumar to develop Bihar , RJD boss Lalu Prasad on Sunday lashed out at the NDA government for its failures and said he would soon launch a mass contact programme and tour the entire state for the purpose.Addressing a public meeting at Jagdishpur in Bhojpur district organized by the party as part of Veer Kuer Singh Vijayotsava Samaroh, the former CM said the Nitish Kumar government was destroying the administration by giving a free hand to the \"corrupt bureaucracy\". There is total anarchy, he said and called upon the party workers and leaders to start a campaign to expose the Nitish Kumar government.\"Corruption is at its peak. Law and order situation has deteriorated. The deterioration is there in education, health and other sectors too. Bihar's children are doing well but they have to go out for higher studies. The deterioration in higher education will destroy the new generation,\" Lalu said.The RJD leader also said the elements who misused his name and defamed him would be crushed once his party returned to power.Lalu gave a call for Magadh division bandh on May 22 in protest against the murder of a mukhiya in Aurangabad and subsequent police firing on agitators who were demanding the arrest of the killers. Before leaving for Jagdishpur, Lalu criticized the state government for what he called the worst law and order situation in the state because of the failure of the administration to check incidents of kidnapping, murder, rape etc.\"Nitish promised to improve the law and order situation within three months of taking over the reins but his promise proved hollow. Nothing has been done worth the name in the state while government is trying to earn praise through publicity. People have started realizing the truth,\" Lalu said and asked what kind of growth rate the CM boasted of when the number of poor was increasing every day.The ruling JD-U, meanwhile, reacted strongly to Lalu's criticism of the Nitish Kumar government. Party spokesman Neeraj Kumar said his party would counter the RJD offensive and hold meetings at each place where RJD would organize anti-government campaign. He said party workers would come out with facts and figures related to caste violence and massacres which occurred during the RJD regime between 1990 and 2005. \"We will show Lalu the mirror,\" the JD-U spokesman said.He said at least 30 caste carnages were reported in which 188 lives were lost in Bhojpur district alone between 1990 and 2005. \"Before launching an agitation now, Lalu should tell people what his government did to stop caste violence when RJD was in power,\" the JD-U spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13322808", "title": "Time to remodel the PM\u2019s 15-point programme", "text": "Exactly six years after the Prime Minister's new 15-point programme for the welfare of minorities was unveiled in June 2006, three important bodies have suggested changes in the scope, implementation and monitoring of the high-sounding programme. The report of the Planning Commission's Steering Committee on Empowerment of the Minorities, the National Advisory Council's recommendations for the 12th Five-Year Plan \"Towards inclusive development to empower minorities\" and the outcome budget of the ministry of minority affairs for the year 2012-13 have spelt out the changes that would be required for effective implementation of the programme.The 15-point programme aims at enhancing opportunities for education, ensuring an equitable share for minorities in economic activities and employment, through existing new schemes, enhanced credit support for self-employment, recruitment to state and central government jobs, improving the living conditions of minorities by ensuring an appropriate share for them in infrastructure development schemes, and prevention and control of communal disharmony and violence.The programme also seeks to ensure that the benefits of various government schemes for the underprivileged reach the disadvantaged sections of the minority communities. This objective is sought to be achieved through earmarking 15% of the targets and outlays under various schemes for the minorities.The Steering Committee on the Empowerment of Minorities during the 12th Five-Year Plan, for instance, suggests certain key changes for implementation, monitoring and reporting of the 15-point programme both at the central and state levels, based on the recommendations of the NAC report. The NAC and the Steering Committee point out that only a limited number of schemes are included in the 15-point programme. They have suggested expanding the basket to include additional schemes from the ministries of small and medium industries, youth affairs, agriculture and rural development (especially MGNREGA).Another key recommendation is to disaggregate the achievements under the programme to enable effective monitoring and to ensure that benefits flow directly to minority settlements and beneficiaries. Monitoring guidelines are to be revised suitably to ensure ground level impact-based monitoring rather than monitoring of the physical and financial outlays.Moreover, annual targets/ outlays (and associated work plans) of the programme of the central ministries are sought to be broken down consistently to the natural settlement/hamlet/ward level, so these too have 15% targets/outlays. In other words, the NAC and Steering Committee have stressed the need to revise the existing guidelines of earmarking \"15% of funds wherever possible\" to \"15% and above\" in proportion to the size of the minority population and prevailing backwardness and deficits.This would facilitate a larger minority population and concentrated areas to be covered under the development programmes, which otherwise would stand excluded due to restricted 15% coverage. The need to collect data disaggregated for SRCs (socio-religious communities) has also been emphasized so as to better understand the current position of minorities in government services. The Steering Committee has suggested setting up vigilance and monitoring committees at the district and state levels comprising members of minority communities to oversee effective implementation of the schemes/programmes under the 15-point programme.It remains to be seen how far the Planning Commission and the central government would go in accepting the various recommendations of the Steering Committee and the NAC. More importantly, it must be made mandatory for the state governments to ensure the flow of funds and targets under the expanded basket of central schemes for the minorities under the 15-point programme. The experience with regard to the implementation of the 15-point programme in Andhra Pradesh in the last six years is hardly inspiring. The state-level committee chaired by the state chief secretary has met only once-in January 2011-since the 15-point programme was announced in 2006.The stakes are going to be really high for the minorities in AP, since the state government has projected a quantum jump from Rs 66,769 crore under the 11th Plan to Rs 200,000 crore during the 12th Plan for 15 flagship central schemes. A 15% share for minorities would work out to Rs 30,000 crore in a five-year period. Does AP government have the heart to implement the 15-point programme with all sincerity?(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and a journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13351654", "title": "Gungun Uprari in Sony TV\u2019s next", "text": "Sony TV's upcoming project produced by Shri Adhikari Brothers has been in the limelight for its impressive star cast that includes popular names like Aamna Sharif of 'Kahin Toh Hoga' fame and Raqesh Vashisth of 'Maryada' who play the main leads in the serial. The latest actor to join the team is Gungun Uprari, who was last seen in Imagine TV's 'Haar Jeet' .The show which is said to be a Mumbai based love story will have Gungun in a meaty role. She will play the role of Raqesh's sister-in-law. The pilot for the daily has already been shot and is expected to hit the TV screens soon.When contacted Gungun Uprari, confirmed the news and said, \" I am doing the show but it's too early to talk about it since the show is still in its initial stages .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13327083", "title": "Two youth run over by train", "text": "JAIPUR: Two youths were run over by trains at two separate places in Jhotwara and Kardhani police station areas on Sunday. Police said that both died on the spots.The passers-by informed about the mishaps following which teams were rushed. Police are trying to ascertain whether they came in front of the train accidently or committed suicide. Several such mishaps have taken place, however railway police are yet to take any action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13331348", "title": "Asteroid may smash Earth satellites: Nasa", "text": "LONDON: A 150-foot-wide , 140,000 tonne asteroid may come so close to Earth next year that it might destroy communications satellites.The asteroid, DA14, discovered by astronomers at LaSagra Observatory in Spain, is estimated to come near enough to Earth on February 15, 2013, that it could disrupt geosynchronous satellites.While Nasa have said the chance of the asteroid hitting Earth is 0.031%, if it did it would hit with the force of a 2.4 megaton explosion, similar to the mysterious Tunguska event of 1908 which levelled hundreds of square miles of Siberian forest, the Daily Mail reported.The asteroid's exact orbital path is being determined by Nasa and astronomers are erring on the side of caution in case it does come in contact with a satellite.\"That's very unlikely, but we can't rule it out,\" said Paul Chodas, a planetary astronomer at Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in Pasadena California.While the asteroid is currently a 'fuzzy little blob' , as seen through telescopes, 2012 DA14 may eventually come to pass 33,796km away from the Earth putting synchronous satellites in the firing line, the paper said. \"The orbit for 2012 DA14 is currently very Earth-like , which means it will be very close to Earth on a regular basis,\" said Chodas.In the preceding months to February , Nasa will try to form a fuller picture of where and how close the satellite will get.\"We don't know exactly where it is, and that uncertainty maps through to an uncertainty in the orbit and predictions,\" said Steven Chesley, who also works at JPL .The detonation of the 140,000 tonne rock would not end civilization , but would potentially cause massive loss of life if it hit a populated centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332212", "title": "Perfecting Portuguese", "text": "It all began with my selection for the Rotary Youth Exchange Programme to Brazil. I was initially thrilled, but this excitement was bogged down when I learnt that I must have knowledge of Portuguese as that is the native language of Brazilians and the only means of communication there. I started searching for foreign language centres that offered courses in Portuguese , but in vain.Luckily, a friend managed to find out about a lady who taught the language. My teacher had spent almost 20 years in Brazil. Initially, learning Portuguese was difficult. But slowly, I became interested.When I landed in Brazil, I got a warm reception from the host family. I greeted them with \"Oi! Tudo Bem?\" (Hello, how are you?) and preferred conversing with them in Portuguese. They would help me with the appropriate word whenever I failed to find an equivalent on my own. The family was very happy to know that a 17-year-old foreigner was interested in learning their language. Learning the language from native speakers was indeed a hands-on experience.After spending three months in Brazil, my vocabulary as well as grammar improved significantly. It has been almost two years since my stay in Brazil but I have continued my Portuguese classes. I now chat with my Brazilian friends on Skype and email.My friends often ask my reasons for learning a language for which there are 'not many takers.' My response to that is simple - \"Some people like to do different things. I am one of them.\"--Ajay Vaidya, Portuguese language student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329097", "title": "93 still in fray for industries panel biennial election", "text": "NASHIK: Ninety-three candidates are in the fray for the biennial elections to the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) as the last date for filing nomination papers was Sunday. However, the last date of withdrawal of nomination is May 24 and the elections will be held on May 29.The term of AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale and the executive committee ends on May 31. Accordingly, the procedure for the biennial elections for the industrial association began. The election is to be held for the 24-member executive committee, which includes the posts of president, vice-president, honorary general secretary, two honorary joint secretaries, a honorary treasurer and 18 members.The final list of candidates will be announced on May 25, returning officer B P Sonar said.The three who have filed papers for the post of president are Tushar Chavan, Suresh Mali and Gopale. The seven who filed nominations for the post of vice-president are Himanshu Kanani, Kailas Varade, Varun Talwar, Vivek Patil, Prakash Bramhankar, Nilima Patil and Suresh Mali.The four who filed papers for the post of honorary general secretary are Unmesh Kulkarni, Rajiv Ahire, Kailas Ahire and Sanjay Mahajan.Six filed nominations for two posts of joint secretary, while six filed for the post of treasurer. Sixty-seven have filed nominations for the 18 posts of members of the executive committee.Voting will be conducted from 9 am to 5 pm; counting will begin at 8 am on May 30 and the winners will be announced at the annual general meeting on May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13328400", "title": "Torrent ban may result in better file-sharing sites", "text": "How old is file sharing? The internet started as a network that enables its users to share data. All the early versions of the internet provided a mechanism by which users could share files without any centralised server. For instance, ARPANET, the world's first packet switching network (the most dominant form of data transfer today), funded by the US department of defence developed File Transfer Protocol (FTP) by the early 1970s. However in the first few decades of its development internet primarily served academic institutions or research laboratories and hence copyright infringement was never an issue.When did copyright become an issue? In the mid 1990s a new format of audio started spreading on the internet. MPEG Audio Layer III (MP3) changed the way music was consumed. In this format, songs could be compressed by factors of 10 to 14, assuring quick download and mass storage in personal computers. In 1997, the Winamp audio player was released and MP3.com was launched offering thousands of free songs by independent artists. These events made the new format immensely popular. The game changer however came in 1999 when Shawn Fanning launched Napster. A person downloading music from Napster was getting the data from the computer of another user. The utility became immensely popular with millions of active users. Napster faced several lawsuits and was eventually shut down and later sold.What is the most common way of file sharing today? The same period also witnessed introduction of BitTorrent files which enable the distribution of large amounts of data over the internet. The file, for example a movie, is divided into several pieces. A person downloading a movie will download its 'piece-1' from 'user A', Piece-2 from 'user B' and so on. He/she will simultaneously allow 'user X' to download 'piece 1' and 'user Y' to download 'piece 2'. The file is thus distributed by people who want to download it.Is it legal to download copyrighted stuff through P2P ? Although it's universally illegal to distribute copyrighted material, enforcement agencies have faced problems in enforcing this. Many experts cite the ambiguity in the interpretation of laws of different countries. Also the millions of alleged violators are distributed across the world and mass usage of various technologies makes it impossible for companies to file lawsuits against every individual. With the ever-improving internet, shutting down one utility has typically resulted in the creation of better protocols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343786", "title": "Will Priyamani accept the offer?", "text": "Popular comedian-cum-director Chinni Jayanth made his mark as filmmaker doing films like Chinna Pullai, Unakkaga Mattum, Kanal Neer and En Kadhali.The latest buzz doing rounds in the industry is that he is back to helm a movie again. Sources say the film would carry a loud message. According to Chini Jayanth, 'he film revolves around a Visual Communication student who covers a controversial story for her internship project. In the process, she breaks traditional moulds. The film also focusses on drugs rehabilitation'.Buzz is that Priyamani has been approached to do the lead. However she is busy with Telugu and Kannada commitments now. Will she agree to return to Tamil? Wait and see.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345227", "title": "SAAMY remake to star Amitabh Bachchan with Sanjay Dutt?", "text": "Director KS Ravikumar has confirmed that he is in talks with the senior actor to join the castTamil movie director KS Ravikumar is on the verge of fulfilling a dream he shares with several others. He recently confirmed to a national daily that he has approached Amitabh Bachchan to star in his Hindi remake of the Tamil movie Saamy.Yes , the movie is back on. In fact, Ravikumar insists that rumours that the film had been shelved were way off base. The plans for remake are going ahead as scheduled. The script has been completely reworked, since Saamy released ten years ago and would now be outdated. TP Aggarwal is on board as producer, Himesh Reshammiya as music composer and Sajid-Farhad (of Golmaal fame) as dialogue writers.Sanjay Dutt will play the lead role of a cop who straddles the line between honesty and corruption. However, Amitabh, who will most likely play the antagonist's role, is yet to give his nod.If the veteran agrees to the film, it will surely delight Ravikumar, as he will join the elite club of directors who have directed three superstars - Kamal Haasan, Rajinikanth and Amitabh. Ravikumar had helmed Kamal's Dasavathaaram, Rajini's Muthu, Padaiyappa and Kochadaiyaan and will work on Rana, once shoots begin. We can only hope his dream comes true.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332412", "title": "Mahantesh murder case: Forget killers, cops have not traced eyewitness too", "text": "BANGALORE: Police probe into SP Mahantesh's murder stands at where it was when the murderous assault happened on him five days ago. In fact, investigators were so clueless that they were hoping that the official may survive the attack and provide them leads.Now that the officer has succumbed to the injuries, the number of investigating teams has gone up from two to four. But there is still no trace of the lone eyewitness to the attack that happened on Palace Road in front of the house of the Chief Justice of the Karnataka HC.A scooterist is said to have seen four men coming in a Maruti Omni van waylaying Mahantesh who was coming in his Maruti 800 car. The foursome allegedly pulled out Mahantesh , hit him with iron rods and threw him on to the ground before driving away. The scooterist, who is believed to have come to pick up someone attending a conference in the Atria hotel on the other side of the road, alerted the hotel guards before going his way.Mahantesh carried two phones, while only one was found on his person. Police investigations into the audits done by Mahantesh too have not led to anything.\"We have not ruled out professional reasons behind the attack but we are exploring some of the leads suggesting family-related problems,\" DCP (central) BR Ravi Kante Gowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332663", "title": "Legal programme", "text": "Thomson Reuters recently announced the introduction of a new professional skills training programme for lawyers in India. The Legal Advancement Programme is specifically designed to prepare newly qualified lawyers for day one of their professional career. It offers a flexible, self-paced online training experience that provides new lawyers with core skills they will need on a daily basis in their professional career. It enables candidates to put their theory of law into practice by using real-life legal situations with web-based training.The programme presents students with legal situations that are typically faced by new practicing lawyers. Live virtual classroom sessions hosted by renowned legal practitioners in India and the UK will allow trainees to interact virtually with experts and students across the country. Successful students receive a programme completion certificate. Students scoring 90% or higher will receive a distinction on the completion certificate, together with assistance in securing a legal internship . The second batch of the programme will start in July, the date for which will be announced shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328838", "title": "Car robbed in Palam Vihar", "text": "GURGAON: A businessman, 40, was robbed off his Maruti car in Palam Vihar area on Saturday. The victim, in his complaint, said that important documents and a large sum of cash were in the car, which was stolen.Police have filed a case against unknown men and are investigating the matter. Harish Singh, who has a transport business,is a native Haileymandi and lives in Dayanand Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13353493", "title": "Kaushik is a proud father", "text": "Kaushik Sen is a proud father. The success of Sujoy Ghosh's \"Kahaani\" has left him floored. The film starred his son, Riddhi, in an important role.While the actor did wish that it would have been good had he been part of the venture, but he is nonetheless happy for his son. Ask him if he gives his son tips in acting and Kaushik says, \"Not at all. yes , Riddhi has seen me perform on stage and has even been to my film shoots, but when it comes to acting, I give him a free hand. I never tell him what to do.It's entirely up to him how he wants to go about portraying a character.\" While it's already clear that the 14-year-old wants to grow up to be like his father, Kaushik says the credit for it entirely goes to his wife, Reshmi. \"Riddhi is far more dependent on his mother when it comes to acting. He takes training in dancing under Sudarshan Chakravorty. That too was entirely Reshmi's decision.\" The entire family is coming together for a stage act end-May - Shakespeare's Macbeth. While Kaushik will play the title role, Reshmi will portray Lady Macbeth and Riddhi will get under the skin of one of the three witches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13322603", "title": "Only 962 more tourists in 2012", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The number of tourists in 2011-12 grew by just nine per cent as the number of tourists coming to state from outside Gujarat went up by less than 1,000. Officials of the tourism department said that there was an increase of just 962 tourists as compared to the last year. In April 2010 to January 2011 period, 39.03 lakh tourists visited the state which increased to 39.04 in 2011-12.\"In 2010-11, the Amitabh advertisements did wonders but the figure remained stagnant because of the lack of facilities,\" said an official. Internal tourism too picked up after the Bachchan campaign. Earlier, people preferred to move out of the state but now many opt to travel within Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13333679", "title": "Armed robbers shoot youth in Naini", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A youth was killed and two others sustained gun shot injuries when about half a dozen armed robbers struck at the house of one Vinod Kumar Pandey and decamped with cash and jewellery worth lakhs. The incident occurred at Deorakh village in Naini in the wee hours of Sunday.The deceased was identified as Guddu Pandey alias Ranjeev, 22. Guddu's younger brother Vinay Pandey and sister-in-law Rakhi are battling for life in a hospital. Guddu was pursuing BA while his younger brother is an intermediate student, police said.Inspector Naini AK Shukla said robbers entered the house of Vinod Kumar Pandey, a COD employee, from the roof and locked the room where Vinod and his wife Ragini were sleeping.The robbers then entered the room of Rakhi, wife of Sanjeev Pandey. Police said Sanjeev is posted out of the city and his wife lives with her in-laws.When robbers were search the almirah and boxes kept in Rakhi's room, the latter woke up and offered resistance. The robbers thrashed her brutally and left her bleeding.Hearing noises, Vinod and his wife woke up but could not come out of the room as it was locked. Vinod called up one of his relatives and told him about the incident.In the meantime, the robbers while fleeing from the scene shot at Guddu and his younger brother Vinay.When the relatives along with neighbours reached the house, they spotted the three persons bleeding and informed the police. The locals with the help of police took the injured persons to a nursing home where Guddu succumbed to his injuries.Later, senior police officials along with finger print experts rushed to the spot and carried out investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330255", "title": "Tinted glass to draw fines from today", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai traffic police will from Monday start fining those who have black films on their cars. \"We have given people enough time to remove tinted film from their vehicles. From Monday we will fine violators,\" said a police officer from Saidapet.The police have installed sign boards at various junctions in the city to raise awareness on the Supreme Court's April 27 order banning tinted glasses. \"The sign boards have been put up on important roads like Anna Salai, Pattulos Road and at landmarks such as Labour Statue, Anna Statue and the Royapettah bell clock,\" said an Egmore police officer.The fine is Rs 100 for a first-time offence and Rs 300 for successive violations. The Supreme Court order says the police should remove the tinted films from vehicle windshields and windows of vehicles.Police officers said they had roped in people for the job. \"We have mobilised resources and will fine as well as remove tinted films on the spot,\" additional commissioner of police Sanjay Arora said.Companies dealing with car accessories say the labour charge to remove the tinted film is usually a minimum of Rs 450. Though the SC order allows for 70% transparency for windshields and 50% transparency for windows, if the car is comes with tinted glasses, there is a blanket ban on using films after purchase of the vehicle.The apex court order came on a public interest litigation in which the applicant said the use of tinted glasses helps criminals and criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345456", "title": "Bhansali\u2019s Devdas share space with H'wood blockbusters", "text": "Time magazine's influential film critic Richard Corliss has selected Sanjay Leela Bhansali's operatic epic Devdas as one of the 10 best films of this millennium. An unprecedented honour!Devdas shares the list with Baz Luhrmann's Moulin Rouge, Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker , Michael Hanake's The White Ribbon, James Cameron's Avatar and Ang Lee's Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon.Citing the reasons for selecting Devdas Corliss says, \"The plot, based on a 1917 novel, is good-ol' family-values propaganda, drenched in luscious masochism: rich-boy Devdas (all-world charismatist Shahrukh Khan ) leaves home, abandons his girlfriend (former Miss World Aishwarya Rai ) and suffers magnificently while dallying with a prostitute ( Madhuri Dixit , a hot number who had danced flamenco on men's libidos for a decade or so before appearing in this worldly-wise role). The piece is played with such commitment that the tritest plot twists seem worth believing - and dancing to, in nine nifty production numbers. But the fervid emotion is what makes the thing sing. Beyond that, Devdas is a visual ravishment, with sumptuous sets, fabulous frocks and beautiful people to fill them; it has a grandeur the old Hollywood moguls would have loved.\"More than triumphant Sanjay Bhansali feels vindicated. \"This is the tenth year of Devdas and somehow the film hasn't lost its sheen.We're now going to do a 3D version of Devdas to commemorate ten years of its existence. When Devdas was released it was slammed by Indian critics as being over-the-top and melodramatic. Richard Corliss had loved the film and supported it for those very qualities. Today when he selects Devdas alongside films like The Artiste and Avatar among his ten favourite films of the millennium I feel somewhere all the struggle that I went through to make Devdas was worth it.\"Everywhere outside India that Sanjay travels he is singled out for Devdas. Says the director, \"I remember in 2008 when I was doing the opera Padmavati in Paris I had gone to a bistro for bread. When the lady at the counter heard I was from India she struck up a warm conversation. 'You are from the land of Devdas .' I didn't tell her I made the film. I just asked her why she like it and she said loved the opulence, flamboyance, the songs and dances. These were the qualities for which I was initially criticized in India when Devdas was released.\"Sanjay feels melodrama is nothing to be apologetic about. \"I realize it is my forte. And I love it when a western critic as emiment as Corliss endorses the melodrama. We have to stop getting embarrassed about the so-called 'song-and-dance' formula. That is Bollywood. And we should be proud of it. Rather than trying to make films that Westerners would approve of we should just create cinema that comes naturally to us. When I was making Devdas I never thought of what impact the content and the emotions would have on Indian or global audiences. I just did what I had to. I was told adapting a literary work was not going to work. I did what I wanted to.\"Sanjay is also happy to be returning to literature after so many years. \"My next film is based on a literary work. And I am happy to say it has lots of singing and dancing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331934", "title": "Mahantesh knew what was coming", "text": "Police may still be reluctant to agree with the contention of whistleblowers and anti-corruption activists that the murder of SP Mahantesh, the deputy director (Bangalore Urban district) of the Directorate of co-operative audit, was related to his work. But details are emerging about how Mahantesh had been attacked at least thrice in the past few months.Poornima, wife of Mahantesh, said that the official was attacked once in January 2012 when he was returning home from a function on Bannerghatta Road. In an attack that looked more like a warning, two motorcycle-borne men had shattered the windshields of his car. However, Mahantesh neither approached police nor informed his colleagues about the incident. He also asked his wife to remain silent on the incident.Poornima kept mum till Saturday when she informed the police about the incident.\"A few weeks ago, he came running into his house at night and closed the door saying somebody was following him. His silk shirt was drenched in sweat,\" a close relative, on the condition of anonymity, told TOI.\"Last month, Mahantesh was almost attacked by four bike-borne miscreants. It happened when Mahantesh along with Poornima, Raagini and Deepika were driving to a reception . The men on bike almost came near the car, intending to attack. Poornima got worried but Mahantesh calmed her down saying they could be chain-snatchers,\" another close family member told TOI.Mahantesh appeared to be having an inkling of what awaited him for he was quite disturbed over the past few weeks. The soft-spoken and mild-mannered official had once banged his mobile phone on to the ground after a mysterious caller spoke to him a few days ago. \"One night, everyone was watching TV and Mahantesh got a call on his mobile . The conversation went on for around 10 minutes and at the end of it Mahantesh threw away the handset ,\" family members said.Subordinates go silentA pall of gloom descended on colleagues of Mahantesh as news of his death broke out. Although director of co-operative audit Karibasappa has ruled out the possibility of Mahantesh's work being a motive for his murder, his subordinates who were present at the mortuary preferred to remain silent when asked about the motive that drove the assailants.Veeranna, who works in MS building office of Mahantesh, said it was clear the officer was under pressure for the last few days. \"Sir was a softspoken person and he never told anyone what was bothering him. But if this is going to be the fate of honest officials, it will be difficult for us to work in this department. Only a clean probe into his death will be the service we can do to him,\" he said.An upright officialAn arts graduate, SP Mahantesh joined the Directorate of Cooperative Audit after appearing for the Karnataka Co-operative Audit Services exam in the mid-1990 s. Mahantesh was first posted in Davanagere where his refusal to clear a few files resulted in a cooperative society's supporters bashing and locking him up in a room for two days. Mahantesh was said to have spent most of his 18 years of service in Bangalore and was brought to his last posting as deputy director (Bangalore Urban) urban district nearly two years ago as a measure to clean up the affairs. \"I have seen Mahantesh since long. Calm and steady, he hated corruption. He shared his views on Anna Hazare movement and how the government had tactfully neutralized the Anna challenge,\" Venugopal, owner of a grocery shop near the slain official's residence in Vittal Nagar, Chamarajpet, told TOI. Mahantesh is survived by his parents, two elder sisters, wife Poornima and daughters Raagini,10 and 8.Times ViewIt's shocking that neither the government nor the police department took the attack on Mahantesh seriously. For five days, the upright officer was fighting a losing battle, making a bid to crawl back to life. Cops, according to reports, didn't make efforts to track down a lone witness to the attack. The death must open the eyes of a callous government to the inherent dangers that probes - like the one Mahantesh was heading - entail. It must provide security to officials probing sensitive cases and deal with the attackers with an iron hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323597", "title": "Funeral stopped in Vastral after suspected murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ramol police officials got a distress call on Sunday morning alerting them to a suspicion that a couple had killed an elderly woman. Police stopped the funeral and sent the body for post-mortem examination to determine the cause of death. Investigators have registered a case of accidental death and started an investigation.According to Ramol police officials, residents of Vinayakpark Society in Vastral called the city police control room to report the suspicious death of Vitta Tamma, 62, a resident of the society. According to the caller, she had had fight with Raju, 29, her son, and Uma, her daughter-in-law, on Satuday night. Their neighbours heard a scuffle go on for some time. Thus, when Raju started preparing for her funeral, local residents grew suspicious and called the police.\"In initial observations, we have found a spot on the back of her head and on her legs that her son claims to have been formed when she fell on her head,\" said a Ramol police official. \"More can be known only after post-mortem reports come in. The couple had come to live in the society a month ago from Odhav. The couple has three children. Raju confessed that he and his wife had frequent altercations with his mother over various issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13327150", "title": "Server snag hits drug controller officer exam, candidates protest", "text": "JAIPUR: Candidates who appeared in the exam for the post of drug controller officer on Sunday were not able to finish their paper due to server problem.The youths who sat for the exam, conducted by the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences, at the Vivekanand Institute of Technology protested outside the centre against losing out on 15-20 minutes of exam time due to server failure.Pharma Youth Welfare Sansthan state president Praveen Sen claimed the students lost out on precious time for the 2-hour-long paper after the server went down.He further alleged that most of the questions in the online exam were out of the syllabus. Not a single question was based on Drug and Cosmetic and Pharmacy Act, he said.Sen said the affected students will submit a memorandum to the governor and demand an inquiry into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327301", "title": "Full-fledged campus for National Institute of Technology by 2015: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The National Institute of Technology (NIT), currently functioning from Farmagudi, will have a full-fledged campus in the state by 2015.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday said the government was zeroing in on land for the NIT in Canacona taluka, and would identify the same after the conclusion of assembly byelection in the state.\"As of now, NIT Goa does not have adequate infrastructure,\" Parrikar said.The chief minister said the NIT had asked for 300 acres of land, which was \"not the correct requirement\" and that the government will allocate a smaller area.He said the campus would take at least three years to get ready and that 2015 was a likely timeframe for its completion.Parrikar also sought to allay fears among Goan students that their chances of getting into the NIT-Goa were low due to an all-India entrance exam.\"The apprehension among Goan students that they will lose out in an all-India list is not correct,\" he said. He added there would be 50% reservation of seats for Goans, and that \"the state merit list would be separate\".The chief minister also said the Goa common entrance test (GCET) would continue to be used for admissions to professional colleges in the state.Earlier, the government had proposed to set up the NIT at Madditolop, Loliem on comunidade land. After residents of Balli opposed the location of the project, villagers of Loliem-Polem panchayat also raised a banner of opposition to it.The row was triggered off after an application filed by the technical education director Vivek B Kamat seeking approval (NOC) to set up the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13329083", "title": "35 bureaucrats shifted in midnight shuffle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About 35 bureaucrats, including financial commissioners and commissioner-level officers of Haryana government, received a midnight shock with a major reshuffle of their departments taking place on Saturday night.Contrary to claims by those inside the chief minister's office (CMO), who termed the reshuffle as \"routine and a much awaited affair,\" it is learned that the CMO move was an \"attempt to hit two birds with one stone.\" CMO sources also hinted at another reshuffle within a fortnight, attributing it to the promotion of four to six commissioner-rank officers to the position of financial commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13330510", "title": "Cochin Port Trust must compensate for Kufos land, says K Babu", "text": "KOCHI: The state government will take necessary steps to get an equivalent share of land from the Cochin Port Trust as compensation for the 20-acre land that will be surrendered for the Petronet LNG-KSEB plant at Puthuvypeen, said minister for excise, fisheries and port K Babu.He was speaking at the foundation stone-laying ceremony for the first academic complex of Kufos (Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies) on Sunday.The minister said the chief minister Chandy is aware of this development and the government wants the terminal and the university to function here, he added. Babu said that steps for granting UGC approval to Kufos has also begun.The government has also issued a pay revision directive for employees. It has been decided to transfer 14 posts from the Kerala Agricultural University to Kufos.The construction of a guest house close to the university with the co-operation of the tourism department will also be considered, he said. \"Fund crunch won't hinder any developmental activities,\" said the minister. An amount of Rs 17 lakh and Rs 45 lakh has been allocated for the completion of an aquarium and a swimming pool at the campus.Others who spoke during the function include Union minister of state for food and civil supplies K V Thomas. MLAs S Sarma and Dominic Presentation were also present. The function was held at the university headquarters at Panangad.The vice-chancellor in his welcome address requested a grant of Rs 20 crore from the government through a special package for the development of the complex. The minister assured that it would be considered in the 12th plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328756", "title": "Government press to be revamped", "text": "COIMBATORE: After several years of indecisiveness, directorate of printing at Union Ministry of urban development has decided to modernize the Government of India Press at Periyanaicken Palayam in Coimbatore.Replying to a question from Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan in the Lok Sabha , minister of state for urban development, Saugata Roy , announced that the modernization efforts would be undertaken soon after obtaining a detailed study from National Buildings Construction Corporation. The corporation has already been entrusted with the task of constructing new buildings for the press to accommodate world class printing machineries. Once modernized, the press can avail orders from various central government departments pertaining to printing works.The press was in disarray for an extended period, as it was neglected by the department. Though a few computers were installed a decade ago and an offset machine was installed, the press failed to win contracts even from the government. The ban on recruitment had also affected the press as they were unable to fill vacancies. The facility was working in a very nominal way with over 400 staff unsure of their future. Employees can now breathe easy as the minister has assured Natarajan that all existing staff will be retained despite modernization. \"We will train them in operating the new machines,\" said Saugata.\"This is a significant move that will help the press regain its lost glory. It will be modernized along with all other union government presses in the country,'' said Natarajan. Established in 1964, it used to be one of the largest printing facilities of union government in the entire South. It has a residential colony of 463 quarters though most of them are in ruins.This is a significant move that will help the government press regain its lost glory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329469", "title": "Elephant goes wild in zoo, injures sambhar deer", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tension clutched the city zoo premises here on Sunday morning when Raju, the jumbo in the zoo ran wild, breaking into the cage of sambhar deer and creating panic all around. Four sambhar deer were injured in the melee and the condition of one deer is learnt to be critical.The incident happened around 11.30am. When Raju was being taken back to his enclosure after the morning walk by two zoo keepers, he broke the chains and started running.The sound of a vehicle's engine, that was transporting fodder to the animals, said to have provoked the elephant.The keepers lost control of the pachyderm that ran straight into the cage of sambar deer. It broke open the wooden barrier separating the cage from the premises and ran through the flock of deer. The deer scrambled for their life and some of them fell down and got injured.The senior mahout soon rushed to the spot and brought the elephant under control. Raju was brought from Bombay zoo four years ago. Zoo keepers usually take him for a walk on Sunday morning. \"Although he has been in the zoo for a few years, he is yet to get familiarize with the environ. So we keep him outside for sometime,\" said a zoo official.Raju is never known to have exhibited such wild behavior before. \"This was not a case of musth. He might have got provoked by some sound. Generally he is a calm animal,\" the zoo official added. The zoo experienced a heavy inflow of visitors on Sunday and many feel that a major tragedy has been averted.\"Had the elephant ran in the opposite direction, it would have been disastrous since there were a number of visitors inside the zoo that time. Fortunately it ran back to the animal enclosure,\" said another zoo official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13335357", "title": "Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti launches protests in 13 districts across state", "text": "GUWAHATI: As Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) general secretary Akhil Gogoi's indefinite hunger strike entered the second day on Sunday, several activists of the organization launched similar protests in 13 districts across the state.Akhil alleged that four KMSS activists were picked up by police while they were on a hunger strike in Lakhimpur on Sunday. He also claimed that two activists were detained by police in Golaghat district.Lakhimpur superintendent of police P K Bhuyan, however, said the four were nabbed in connection with previous cases. \"We picked up four activists for interrogation in connection with previous cases. We have been looking for them for some time now, and today we have found them in Lakhimpur. They were not on a hunger strike,\" Bhuyan said.KMSS alleged that the security forces were up in arms to suppress the movement against big dams in different parts of the state.\"But every day, our resolve is getting stronger. All the big dams planned in Arunachal Pradesh will have a serious impact on the Brahmaputra, which is the lifeline of Assam. Three dams are planned on the Subansiri river alone while construction of the 2000-MW Lower Subansiri project is underway. We have been demanding an advance cumulative assessment study on the impact of all these dams on Assam,\" Akhil said.Reacting to Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal's statement in the Lok Sabha recently that the government does not propose to review all the proposals of big dams in the country, Akhil said it was very unfortunate that the Centre has undermined protection of the environment and livelihoods for the sake of electricity generation.\"Most of the land in Assam is going to be submerged and get buried under sand once the Lower Subansiri project comes up. The volume of sediment that will be deposited on agricultural fields is staggering. Yet the government has no concern for the people. Assam will only get 25 MW free power from the project,\" Akhil said.He added that as major tributaries of Brahmaputra were targeted for hydro-electric projects, Brahmaputra's water availability and ecosystem will also be affected.Venugopal said in Lok Sabha that the concerns of the local people regarding the safety of the dam (Lower Subansiri project) has been referred to the two-member technical expert committee, and a joint steering committee constituted by the NHPC will find out remedial measures to mitigate downstream impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13328894", "title": "Authority takes steps to boost development in rural areas", "text": "NOIDA: The civil construction department of Noida Authority has now been entrusted with the task of looking after development activities in rural areas apart from urban sectors for providing basic amenities. This step will reduce dependency of rural areas on urban sectors and ensure that development activities remain equal between both areas.Earlier, the two Gram Vikas divisions of Noida Authority used to undertake developmental works in rural areas, but owing to paucity of staff budgets used to remain unutilized every year and works were left incomplete.The decision to hand over works in rural areas has been taken as per the mandate of the new CEO. \"Each year, around 40-45% of the budget meant for development of rural areas remains unutilized as the two Gram Vikas divisions worked with a staff strength of only 15-16 people,\" said a senior Noida Authority official. \"This led to lop-sided development, where rural areas lagged considerably behind urban ones in civic developmental works. Rural areas will equal urban sectors within two years if work is properly done through this change in mechanism,\" added the official.The two Gram Vikas divisions undertook developmental work like laying sewer lines, water supply, installation of hand pumps, laying cement-concrete roads, building primary schools and community centres, etc. \"All such works will now be looked after by the civil construction department. This department has five divisions and around 60 engineers with hands-on experience of undertaking developmental works,\" said the official.The department is expected to speed up pending work in rural areas and ensure proper and complete utilization of the budget allotted by Noida Authority. \"Work has been divided among five divisions of the department for the 61 villages of Noida,\" said the official. \"Given the increase in population pressure over rural areas in the last few years, the impact of this pressure had been spreading over to urban areas as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13333034", "title": "Magadh University plans semester system at postgraduate level", "text": "PATNA: Magadh University (MU) is all set to introduce semester system at the postgraduate (PG) level from the academic session beginning in July-August this year as per the guidelines laid down by University Grants Commission (UGC). This decision was recently approved by the varsity syndicate, said MU acting VC Arun Kumar.According to Kumar, the university intends to initially introduce the system at the PG level. This step is being taken on the recommendation of the Committee on Reforms in Higher Education in Bihar with an aim to streamlining higher education and quality teaching at the university and college level, he said.The acting VC said the university is finalizing the details of courses of studies to be followed at PG level under the semester system. MU is the only university in Bihar which has announced to introduce semester system at PG level this year. \"This system will do justice with meritorious students besides maintaining academic ambience in the university,\" he said.Kumar said the UGC had recently stressed the need for introducing semester system at the under graduate (UG) and PG level examinations in the state universities. Besides, Choice Based Credit System (CBCS) is also being introduced at degree and PG level to facilitate students to opt for subjects of their choice, including vocational courses, he said.According to sources, the academic council of the university has already approved the proposal of UGC to introduce semester system from 2012-2013 session. The decision has also been approved by the University Academic Reform Committee. The academic council's decision has been approved by the UGC too, sources said.Out of four semesters, the first and third semesters have been proposed to be conducted by the respective departments while the second and fourth ones will be conducted by externals. Besides, there is a proposal to introduce one semester internship during which students will work with their parent institutions or departments, sources said.According to Kumar, the university, which has set up a Board of Studies (BOS) for the PG and UG level courses, is busy drafting regulations for making the semester system successful at PG level.Meanwhile, a few academics of the university said that all universities of the state must have uniform course of studies at Degree and PG level, so that students do not face any difficulty in migrating to other universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13326089", "title": "Naxals abduct three from Murumgaon", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxals have let loose a campaign of terror in their stronghold, Gadchiroli district, escalating each passing day with kidnapping and killing of elected civic body members.In the latest action by rebels of Tippagarh dalam, three elected representatives of local civic bodies were abducted, including two village headmen, from Murumgaon village in Dhanora tehsil on Saturday night.Sarpanches or headmen of village Pannemara Murari Alam and Murumgaon's Joharlal Ledia were among the ones whisked away by rebels along with ex-vice president of Kulbhatti, Mehatarsingh Usendi.It is learnt that Usendi, known for his anti-Naxal propaganda, had shifted to Murumgaon after the rebels issued him a threat. He was staying at a rented place close to Murumgaon, which has a police post in the village, unlike Kulbhatti. A section of the security forces have expressed concern about the safety of Usendi, who had been facing a threat from the Naxals.Naxals had recently killed two villagers from Markegaon and left their bodies on the Gyarapatti-Kotgul road close to Murumgaon. Also recently, the Naxals had razed several liquor dens in Murumgaon.Last year, the Naxals had eliminated an ex-sarpanch of Murumgaon. In 2009, the rebels had eliminated 15 cops in the Murumgaon-Markegaon stretch. Last year, the rebels had killed two youths and left their bodies within 100 meters of the police post at Murumgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13332882", "title": "Maoist held in Chennai; trained rebels in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Suspected Maoist leader Vivek alias Kumar arrested by Chennai police had given training to the rebels in Jharkhand in making can bomb and computer operations. During his stay in the state, he had trained around 70-75 rebels in Hazaribagh and Palamu districts.Vivek, who was picked up on Friday, originally hails from Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu. He is a diploma holder in engineering and expert in arms manufacturing. He had shifted base to north India in 2007 to evade arrest. Since 2007, Tamil Nadu police were on a lookout for his arrest.Police sources said during his stay in Jharkhand, the rebel leader got a part of the booty that was collected as levy from local businessmen and corporate houses. \"Even by conservative estimate, it is expected that he has taken away with him at least Rs 1 crore,\" said a source adding that probably he was using this money to spread the rebel base in southern states. A senior IPS officer of special branch said Jharkhand police were also looking for one rebel leader named Vivek alias Kumar. \"According to our information, the arrested Maoist leader has not revealed any thing about his Jharkhand connection during the preliminary interrogation with the Chennai police. At this point of time, it will not be correct to jump to any conclusion,\" said the officer adding that there were two senior Maoist leaders with the namesake. The other leader is originally from Bihar and has involvement in a number of cases.\"Unless the Maoist leader confesses his involvement in rebel activities in Jharkhand, he is of no use for us,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347074", "title": "Saswata not keen to move to Bollywood", "text": "His portrayal of Bob Biswas, an unconventional villain in Kahaani, has endeared him to the film lovers from all over the country but actor Saswata Chatterjee does not want to move out of Kolkata despite offers from Bollywood.Saswata's portrayal of the character whose villainy is concealed in his chubby-faced innocence and demure presence, has brought him offers from Mumbai but the actor says he wants to be rooted to Kolkata unless a big difference is made in the offers.Talking to PTI at the location of the shooting for Namte Namte, documentary film-maker Rana Basu's debut feature film, Saswata said, \"I have commitments to a number of Bengali films and I can't just go away to Mumbai. I am principally an actor from this city.\" However, the actor says he may consider offers from Bollywood after December by which time he will have finished with his commitments in Kolkata.Right now, Saswata is busy with the shooting for Namte Namte, produced by 3 Edots, which is based on celebrated Bengali writer Dibyendu Palit's story 'Trata'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13342268", "title": "Not sure of my role in Rajasthan, have to think: Rahul Dravid", "text": "JAIPUR: With Rajasthan Royals ousted from IPL's playoff contention, skipper Rahul Dravid said he is not sure about his role in the side and would take a break to think over before making any commitment.Talking to media after the humiliating 10-wicket defeat against Mumbai Indians , Dravid, who had bid adieu to Test cricket, said it was disappointing to lose in such a fashion.\"I really don't know. I will have to think over. I would take a break and decide about my role. I will talk to my family and also the management of the Rajasthan Royals about my role and then I would decide. My goal is to develop young players,\" Dravid said.\"We have youngsters like Ashok Menaria, Ajit Chandila , Ankit Chavan and Gajendra Singh. I am sorry about the local lad Gajendra Singh who is a fine bowler but couldn't get a chance to play,\" he added.\"It was a pleasure to lead the side and the support from the management and support staff has been top notch. As far as my own performance is concerned I played my role as the opener with Ajinkya Rahane to satisfaction. I feel batting is one thing and scoring runs is another thing.\"Dravid said the side now needs a youngster in the opening slot.\"We need a young and talented player who could open the innings with Rahane. He might be with some other franchise but we would try and rope him for the next season. We also have god players hopefully we would make it to the play offs next year,\" Dravid said.Reflecting on Rajasthan's campaign in the event, Dravid said losing close games hurt the team badly.\"We had lost a few close games like the ones against Delhi, Deccan and Chennai and that hurt us. The previous night was also a tough one for us. We did get some chances but could not get the breakthrough,\" he said.\"I feel our performance today on ground and bowling was the worst. I am disappointed but there are some positives too. We couldn't make it to play offs but have played good cricket,\" he added.When asked whether the decision of playing Shaun Tait , who gave away 40 runs, backfired, the skipper insisted that the Australian was his strike bowler.\"When we play him people ask why he was included and when we don't play they ask otherwise. You can't have it always right. He had come in after an injury but did a very good job. He was in rhythm and had performed well,\" said Dravid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13324667", "title": "Woman jumps into sea after fight with hubby over child\u2019s custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The 23-year-old homemaker, Jalpa Pujari, who tried to end her life by jumping into the sea from the Bandra-Worli Sea Link has been going through a marital upheaval. The couple is contemplating divorce and Pujari's husband, who is reportedly abusive and a drunkard, has been refusing to part with their child's custody once they legalize their separation.Now, Pujari stays at her maternal home in Kandivli. \"The woman and her husband separated six months ago. They have frequent fights over who would get the custody of their three-year-old daughter. A bitter fight over the phone with her husband, who is in Bengaluru, pushed her to take the step,\" said additional commissioner of police Vineet Agarwal. The police, though booked Pujari on the charge of attempt to suicide, let her go after counselling her.Agarwal said constable Gunaji Patil, who risked his life to save Pujari, was felicitated by Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik for his bravery. \"A second's delay could have cost the woman her life,\" Patil told TOI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13334449", "title": "26000 begin new chapter in life as teachers", "text": "GUWAHATI: State education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Sunday said that teachers will not have to approach politicians for jobs anymore. He was speaking at the ceremony where appointment letters were handed over to thousands of candidates who had succeeded to clear the Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET). Almost a year after announcement of TET, around 26,100 applicants who had appeared for the statewide exams received their engagement letters.Thousands of successful candidates from across the state turned up at the National Stadium in the outskirts of the city to collect their letters of engagement for the posts of assistant teachers under the Sharba Shiksha Abhigyan for lower and upper primary schools of the state.\"This is the dawn of a change in the history of the state. Aspiring teachers from Dhubri to Sadiya will no longer have to knock on the doors of politicians to book a slot for the post of a teacher. Our plans were criticized in different spheres, but now after one year all I can say is that it is only through optimism that Assam can be uplifted,\" said Sarma.He added that TET was not the end of the road for the state government and the initiative was made to give justice to scores of people who have been given a raw deal in the past. The main objective needs to be focused on the students who have been left in the lurch for a long time. The minister also urged the newly appointed teachers to instill a spirit of knowledge amongst students and take their jobs seriously for the benefit of society. TET was announced last year with a view to fill the gap in primary education that arose due to the dearth of teachers. Exams were held in various centres across the state in January and thousands of candidates appeared for it.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi said: \"Education is an important factor in our society and we must take proper initiatives keeping this in our perspective. This is a great and historic day for us as one community, and keeping this in mind the teachers should make sure that justice is meted out to the students.\" Also present at the ceremony were Rekibuddin Ahmed, parliamentary secretary of education, B K Das, director of elementary education and L S Chansing, mission commissioner of Assam Sarbha Siksha Abhijan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347560", "title": "One of John Travolta's sexual battery accusers identified", "text": "One of John Travolta's first accusers, who was tracked down by a newspaper, has been revealed as a hulking 250-pound masseur and certified black belt who works at a posh spa in Atlanta.John Truesdale, formerly known only as John Doe number 2, sued the \" Welcome Back, Kotter \" star for sexual battery only to withdraw the case on Thursday.He was nameless and faceless until the Daily News found him this week.\"I thought I was supposed to be anonymous,\" the New York Daily News quoted the mild-mannered massage therapist as saying.The 40-year-old also confirmed he works in the spa at the posh Mandarin Oriental in Atlanta but declined to discuss claims that Travolta sexually accosted him in a hotel suite on the 15th floor in January.At that time the swanky hotel was called the Mansion on Peachtree.\"The paparazzi are here for me?\"I can't believe it,\" he said.Truesdale dropped the suit and his original lawyer, Okorie Okorocha.He's now represented by Gloria Allred , a move that set off fireworks between the two lawyers.A beefy 6-footer with massive arms, Truesdale is soft-spoken and has a calm demeanor. He's a certified nail technician, a licensed massage therapist and a married dad.He filed a bombshell 2-million-dollar federal lawsuit on May 8, claiming in graphic detail that the 'Pulp Fiction' star had \"bloodshot eyes\" and a \"strange\" disposition as he stripped naked and started to \"hump\" a massage table set up in his private suite on Jan. 28.Truesdale accused Travolta of \"spreading his butt cheeks.\" Then the actor asked for an odd amount of work on his butt muscles, he charged.He said Travolta groped his upper thighs and grabbed between his legs, according to the lawsuit originally filed by Okorocha.The Atlanta man said the Oscar nominee started pleasuring himself with about 15 minutes left in the session and \"forcibly\" hugged him as he tried to flee.\"I can't talk about the case.\"I'm not allowed to give any comment,\" Truesdale said.Truesdale was once a party to a lawsuit filed by Okorocha on behalf of a masseur identified only as John Doe No. 1. That man claimed Travolta groped him in the Beverly Hills Hotel on Jan. 16.Flight records, photos and a witness placed Travolta almost 3,000 miles away in New York at the time of the alleged California attack. The first accuser later said he simply made a mistake on the timeline. He has also withdrawn his lawsuit. And he hired Allred, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13351349", "title": "IT parks to be developed in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: Faced with the daunting task of providing jobs to over six lakh unemployed youth, Jammu and Kashmir government plans to develop Information Technology (IT) parks to generate employment in the state.\"The IT parks will be set up in various parts of the state to generate employment,\" Information Technology Minister Manohar Lal Sharma said while addressing a review meeting here yesterday.Emphasising on viable IT projects in a time-bound manner, he called for ensuring that already established Communication Information Centers (CICs) are fully operational and the proper utilisation of technically skilled persons who are working for them was being done.\"These CICs are very important for development and upgradation of technical skills,\" Sharma said while urging for policy formulation for regularisation of these trained technical workers.An official spokesman said the meeting also discussed various measures for the promotion of IT sector in the state so that the potential of the educated youth can be utilised in an efficient manner.The meeting discussed the computerisation of treasuries (e-treasury system) as well, and it was informed that presently seven major treasuries are being computerised.Also, work on developing a computer-based database of 4.5 lakh state employees and 1.5 pensioners is in progress, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327208", "title": "Jadavpur University professor wins housing body poll by bigger margin", "text": "KOLKATA: If the underlying reason for Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra's arrest on April 14 over the cartoon fiasco was Trinamool Congress's plan to wrest control of a housing society, their efforts appear to be losing ground.On Sunday, nearly 416 voters chose to re-elect Mahapatra and seven others from their candidates' panel for the nine-member board of directors to govern the society for the next three years. Only one representative from the opposition - reportedly supported by TMC - was elected as a director. Mahapatra won by a bigger margin than he did three years back.Amid a posse of policemen, the housing society members stepped out of their home around 11am to cast their votes. The importance of this poll could also be gauged by a large number of non-voters who had gathered there. Visible among them were several local Trinamool leaders. There are 558 registered voters in the society, 416 made their preferences known in a secret ballot. Eight voters turned out to be invalid.By 7pm, when the results were declared, it took everyone by surprise. Barring one, all members of the Left-inclined New Garia Ganatantrik Baishe August Committee panel, including Mahapatra, were elected by over 50% votes.Earlier, there were six directors. The Left-backed panel had four representatives and the opposition had two. Even as three more directors were added to the board, the opposition's representation fell by one.Sources said those who had allegedly attacked professor Mahapatra at New Garia Housing Cooperative complex on April 12 night were merely following instructions from local Trinamool Congress leader Arup Mukherjee and a party activist Amit Sardar.Apparently, the attackers worked as contractors and building material suppliers for the complex and are upset since they did not get any payment for a long time. Mahapatra, as assistant secretary of the housing society's board of directors, had detected several inconsistencies in bills submitted by them and refused to pay unless revised bills were submitted.According to sources, some local Trinamool leaders have been eyeing this housing complex for long-term gains. Ambikesh said on Sunday: \"I won't comment on whether my arrest was part of any political motive. That I was attacked and arrested is there in black and white. We, for the last three years, have tried our best to implement rules and procedures led down by the government. The voters had showed confidence in us and we will continue to work for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13324293", "title": "Auto owners told to apply for CNG kit subsidy", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has urged rickshaw owners to take benefit of a Rs 12,000 subsidy to convert their vehicles to compressed natural gas (CNG). The civic body has allocated Rs 12 crore for the scheme this year as against Rs 2 crore allotted last year. About 1,600 rickshaws installed CNG kits last year using the benefit. Around 10,000 rickshaws owners are likely to benefit this year.The owners need to get a registration from the regional transport office (RTO) for a CNG kit, following which they can apply for the subsidy. Besides, it is mandatory to have documents like driving license, PUC certificate, registration certificate, CNG fit bill, rickshaw permit and fitness certificate.PMC environment officer Mangesh Dighe said that many rickshaws owners have enquired about the subsidy programme. He said the benefit has been offered to encourage more and more vehicles run on CNG, which is an environment-friendly fuel.The forms for the subsidy are available at Indradhanushya Centre for Citizenship and Environment Education Centre, Mahtre Bridge, Rajendranagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346570", "title": "'It's a frightening summer'", "text": "Readers say that the acute water shortage in Hyderabad can be addressed if they themselves take small water conservation steps. While some recycle the water they use at home, others say that each house in Hyderabad should have a rainwater harvesting pit.The water board refuses to supply water to our area and claim it falls under SCB's jurisdiction. The cantonment board says it does not have the resources to supply water. As a result we are completely dependent on tankers for our regular supply. Every 10 days we need to buy a 5,000 liter tanker. In my house I try and recycle water in any which way possible. For instance, I water my plants with the same water I use to wash vegetables. Sujatha Maringanti | PICKETWe have no municipal water connection and are dependent on the apartment's bore-well . This year has been particularly bad since the water in the bore dried up only days after the onset of summer. Residents had to pool in as much as Rs 2.75 lakh to re-dig the bore-well 1,150 feet deep to get water. Last year water was available at around 800 feet. But even now we are facing a water shortage and fear that we might run out of supply if there is a poor rainfall. Apart from spending on the bore-well , we are also shelling out as much as Rs 40,000 collectively every month on water tankers this summer. Though my family has been residing in this area for about three years now, we have never faced such a grim water situation in the past. This year, the condition is frightening. Dharmagadda Jayaraju | KONDAPURAs long as the ministers and MLAs get 24 hour water supply, nobody will care for the aam aadmi. The authorities are just waiting to extract more money from the people for water. The day has come for people to desert the city which will happen when business and industry start moving out once Telangana is formed. The misinformed netas who are clamouring for Telengana are in for an unpleasant shock. K N Rao | VIJAYWADAThe cultivation of paddy during summer season is consuming most of the river water which could have been saved for drinking water supply. K Venkataraman | HYDERABADLet's face it, the problem lies here. It is easy to play the blame game and do nothing about it. I believe that taking this initiative forward, TOI should bring to light people who are doing their bit to conserve water. Most of the time we can contribute in our small way but we do not know the means. It would be great if we get to know what can be done now to save our city. Kamal | HYDERABADThe situation is the result of poor and delayed action by the authorities . If this practice and system continues, India's image will worsen and we can't expect development. The citizens should teach a good lesson in the ensuing election. V K Swamy | HYDERABADI was involved with a water purifi er company and I found that the municipal water could not be purified by it. Reverse osmosis (RO) is useful only when you have plenty of water as there is a high percentage of wastage. Moreover RO systems are costly to maintain. I use bottled water of a reputed company for drinking and cooking since 2008. This is why I am free of frequent stomach aches and jaundice. Gone are the days when theoretical knowledge from books was enough. Today we need people with hands on experience to sort out these problems . Our municipalities only know to collect taxes and take up projects amenable to bribes. No one cares for the health of the citizen who voted for him. C B Naidu | HYDERABADSuch problems don't exist only in Hyderabad. The dirty water, impurities, fluoride content issues are prevalent in all the states of India, maybe even worse than Hyderabad. Najaf Ali Mirza | HYDERABADIt has always been and probably always will be the \"Do now, think (regret) later\" policy as far as Hyderabad is concerned. Some years ago there used to be a handful of apartments in huge blocks, now they are mushrooming everywhere. In addition to sucking up all the water, the previously visible sunrise/set is now a thing of nostalgic remembrance . And the same people complain of overflowing drains (this is not necessarily only when we have the great monsoon rains) and the insufficiency of water for daily needs. If only the mindset of the people in each locality changes, then with some initiative it is very much possible to resolve such problems. Vijayta | SECUNDERABADPoor families are being forced to spend money to buy water which is a basic need. The authorities are not concerned about the quality of water that they are supplying to the poor. They just feel that their duty is to supply water and their job is done. They don't care whether the water is coloured or contaminated .Water -related diseases are a growing tragedy. I feel that the authorities should not charge the poor for the water. Hana Maheen Farooqui | HYDERABAD", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346552", "title": "I am vulnerable and awkward in 'Shanghai': Kalki", "text": "Kalki Koechelin had to go through quite a transformation for her role in 'Shanghai\" as director Dibakar Banerjee wanted her to look ugly yet adorable.The brief given by her director was quite simple - 'Look ugly'. However, it was nothing short of a nightmare to actually realise the filmmaker's vision.\"Dibakar wanted me to look ugly and vulnerable. The first thing that he did was chop my hair and make it really short. Then he gave me these clothes that were really grungy with jagged T-shirts and all. I wasn't allowed to look very comfortable or feminine.\"The idea was to bring on certain vulnerability and awkwardness to my character. There is not an ounce of glamour that I bring in Shanghai . Dibakar said that I had to be ugly, but adorable. Now that was a strange mix I had to bring on screen,\" Kalki told PTI.Though she has played troubled characters in films like Shaitan, That Girl in Yellow Boots as well as Dev D, Shanghai turned out to be a different experience as she had to enact the part of a complete outsider.\"Dibakar is presenting me as someone who is not an accepted person; she is an outsider. So basically everybody stares at her and people just think that she doesn't belong to their world,\" says Kalki.Dibakar encourgaed the actress to change her looks by giving the examples of Emraan Hashmi and Abhay Deol who have gone through a similar transformation for their roles.\"Abhay is such a cool person in real life but here is shown as a stoic middle aged suited-booted character. Emraan has this paunch and blackened his teeth, which is a complete opposite of his romantic image. We were convinced by Dibakar's thought process and decided to take the plunge,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13333818", "title": "Truck driver killed in tragic accident", "text": "TRICHY: A driver of a giant steel pipes-laden container lorry was killed on the spot when a few pipes pierced him through the driver's cabin after he applied sudden brakes to avoid an accident in Ariyamangalam, Trichy, on Sunday morning.Kumar (25) from Kattur in Trichy, the driver of the lorry, and cleaner Ramesh, were on their way from Chennai in the 20-wheeler container lorry with giant steel pipes weighing more than 10 tonnes meant for a boiler manufacturing plant in Trichy. The accident occurred when the lorry was coming near Railar Nagar in Ariyamangalam.According to the police, the driver was attempting to avoid hitting a person crossing the road by applying sudden brake. Unfortunately, his effort to save another person's life landed him in a tragedy. As soon as he applied the brake, some of the giant steel pipes moved forward, piercing the driver's cabin and hitting Kumar from behind. Ramesh, however, was severely injured. Kumar succumbed to the injuries on the spot in a pool of blood while Ramesh escaped with brutal injuries and was admitted to a hospital.After hitting the duo, the pipes fell on the road, hindering traffic for an hour. On information, the police rushed to the spot and detached the truck from the cabin with the help of a crane. Police registered a case and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "13329877", "title": "He pens poems to change society", "text": "PAU: Like most people, Amritpal, a non-teaching staff in Punjab Agricultural University ( PAU), identifies that inequality in society cripples its growth. But, Amritpal, goes one step ahead and pens his thoughts in poems that he hopes will change the mindset of people.Writing since his college days, Amritpal has now published a compilation of his poems called - 'Ashant Samundar'. ''It has 52 poems that I have written between 1980 and 2012. They include my reaction to society's maladies and also the experiences that life has thrown at me. I want to create awareness in society by my poems and I believe that people will like my work,'' he said.Writing under the pen name of ''Amritpal PAU'', the 58-year-old said in college he used to write for various Punjabi magazines. ''My friends, who knew that I also write poetry, encouraged me some months ago to publish them.'' About the name of his compilation, Amritpal said it took him a lot of time to pick the right name. ''I shortlisted 50 names for the book but felt that many youngsters will not be able to connect with them so I finally picked 'Ashant Samundar'. 'Samundar' symbolizes the sea of knowledge and 'Ashant' depicts dissatisfaction because I feel one can never be satisfied with all that one knows,'' said Amritpal, who acknowledges that his works are influenced by the ideologies of Karl Marx.In 2011, a tragedy struck home and Amritpal lost his son in a road accident. ''Since then I have been dedicating my poetry to him. After returning from work I usually spend time with books in a small library at my home. Whenever memories of my son flood me, I pick my pen and start writing. I am hoping to publish a second book too of 50 more poems,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324317", "title": "\u2018Involve people to cut maternal mortality\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Way before the World Health Organization postulated the Millennium Development Goals, a visionary doctor from Kolkata felt the need of concentrated efforts to improved facilities for maternal and neonatal care. This is what led to the formation of National Association for Reproductive and Child Health of India (NARCHI) by Dr CS Dawn.As the city chapter of NARCHI saw a change of guard, the doctors discussed about ways in which they can contribute in curbing the problems of high maternal and neonatal deaths in the country. \"There is a lot of government expenditure on providing better health care to bring down maternal as well as child morbidity and mortality. These efforts are not bearing fruits due to non-involvement of common people,\" asserted Dr Subrata Dawn, general secretary of NARCHI. The only state in India that has an acceptable maternal mortality is Kerala. This, he believes, has been possible because of the spread of education in the southern state. States like Assam have fared poorly in this regard.\"We all have our definitive roles to play in this regard, whether it is the government, the doctors, NGOs or the society. We can do our bit by making efforts to make the newer interventions to more people. At present, only 10% population can benefit from these advancements,\" said Dr Atul Munshi, former vice president of Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI). He also said that, along with practising in government as well as private hospitals, doctors could also devote some time to advocacy and social awareness.Our villages still lag behind in terms of health care, rued Dr Munshi. \"This is largely because of lack of skilled medical professionals in the villages. Their number, however, can be increased through means of voluntary services, compulsory services as well as industry-sponsored services,\" he said.NARCHI, too, has played its part in this regard. \"We conduct courses through the Indian College of Maternal &amp; Child Health that is run by NARCHI. In the last 25 years, most doctors trained in the institute have voluntarily gone to villagers. When doctors reach these areas, they can help in controlling several infections and avert many life threatening conditions in newborns and mothers,\" said senior gynaecologist from the city Dr Nirmala Waze, who began her second term as the president of city chapter of NARCHI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13329467", "title": "Passengers at Egmore station fret over lack of pre-paid autos", "text": "CHENNAI: U Devi had a tough time getting home to Mylapore from Egmore railway station. With no pre-paid autos in sight, Devi had no option but to hire an autorickshaw. But, the autorickshaw drivers were unwilling to scale down their demand for exorbitant fares. \"One driver demanded 400 to go to Mylapore. It is very difficult to haggle with them, especially when you have a lot of luggage. I finally decided to hire an auto for 200,\" she said.With summer vacations nearing the ir end, the number of people coming back to the city after visiting their relatives is expected to go up in the coming days. More than one lakh passengers travel through the station. Passengers have been demanding a prepaid autorickshaw stand at Egmore railway station for some time, but it has not come into force. Hence, majority of passengers get fleeced by the auto drivers who gang up and push up the fare at the station.The railways are willing to offer land inside the station for pre-paid autorickshaws, but the traffic police and the government railway police are yet to take an initiative. \"There are not enough passengers to have a prepaid auto system at Egmore. The Central station has the system because it handles more than 100 trains everyday. The number of trains at Egmore is far less,\" said a railway police official.However, passengers say hiring an autorickshaw is a major hassle at Egmore in the morning when majority of the trains from southern cities like Kanyakumari, Tirunelveli, Tuticorin, Nagercoil and Madurai arrive. On the other hand, auto drivers say they do not want a pre-paid system at Egmore station as they do not find it profitable.\"We would not be able to make much money if charges are fixed under the pre-paid system. Charges are fixed based on the distance to a locality. Rate can be fixed from Egmore to Mylapore. But, it wil cost more when a passenger lives inside the narrow lanes and crowded neighbourhoods of Mylapore,\" said Krishnan, an auto driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325354", "title": "Pune cop booked for molestation", "text": "PUNE: The Lonavla city police on Sunday booked a head constable attached to the police training school in Khandala for allegedly molesting a trainee police recruit.The incident took place on the premises of the police training school on Saturday around 11.30 am. Vitthal Dashrath Raut has been booked under section 354 (354 - Assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the Indian Penal Code.According the complaint, the suspect Raut allegedly molested the victim, while she was in a room at the police training school. Following the incident, the victim approached the principal of the police training school and made the complaint against Raut. The principal recorded the statement of Raut as well as the victim and decided to file a complaint against Raut.Police sub-inspector B B Edge of the Lonavla city police station said that the Lonavla city police station received the letter from the police training school on Sunday. \"We have registered the case against Raut and booked him. We have not yet arrested him. We are investigating further,\" Edge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324853", "title": "Vision document to spell out crime plan", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police have decided to constitute a committee comprising senior officers to prepare a vision document to improve the law and order situation of Nagpur. Pune police started this initiative.EGS minister Nitin Raut conducted a review meeting of city police on Sunday in which police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay informed that city police had identified the issues that needed to be addressed.These included modernization of the police force, earmarking jurisdiction of the new police stations, streamlining traffic, maintenance of police colony, etc.Additional CPs Anup Kumar and Ravindra Kadam told Raut about city police's proposal to built new police colonies on built operate and transfer (BOT) basis. Raut later told the media that due to delimitation of the constituencies, boundaries of police stations needed to changed. \"The city's population is increasing at a fast rate. Many outsiders are coming to the city. These factors have contributed to increase in crime. The vision document will spell out measures to remedy the situation,\" he added.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has convened a meeting on May 22 in Mumbai to decide on several projects of Nagpur. Raut said the government had decided to make Nagpur as the 'Zero Mile Destination' and it would sanction money to develop this concept.\"We have already allocated a sum for Pune to conserve its heritage and bring out its speciality,\" Raut informed.\"NMC and NIT will be asked to do a survey of the slums and find out the neglected ones. Such slums would be developed on a priority basis. We have also decided to provide ownership rights to the slum dwellers,\" the minister said.Reservation in Gunthewari layouts, funds for Dr Ambedkar Hospital and Buddhist Theme Park would also be discussed, he added.'I want to remain a minister'EGS minister Nitin Raut said he was not interested in becoming the president of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) adding he was content as a minister. \"So far, I have not been sounded out regarding the MPCC post,\" he told the media.On Anna Hazare , Raut said he had strong objection to Hazare's supporters making personal attack on him. \"This shows Anna has no control over his supporters. As for attack on Anna organisation's vehicle, it happened because the vehicle contained defamatory material against our leaders,\" he said adding that he had no idea who had pelted stones on the vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13350597", "title": "Battle of equals as Kolkata Knight Riders take on Delhi Daredevils in IPL Qualifier 1", "text": "PUNE: Two teams with matching firepower will come face to face when table-toppers Delhi Daredevils take on second-placed Kolkata Knight Riders in what promises to be a high-voltage first qualifier of the controversy-ridden IPL on Tuesday.In a season which has been marred by unsavoury incidents off the field, the IPL's cricketing climax promises to be quite a treat with heavyweights making the last four.And no better than Delhi and KKR to kick off the business end of the event as the two teams have without doubt been the most consistent performers in the Twenty20 league this season.Both the teams boast of explosive batting line-ups. Their bowling attacks have also done exceptionally well in a format which is considered punishing for the bowlers.When the two teams came face to face in the league stage, the honours were shared with Delhi triumphing in Kolkata and KKR returning the favour when they visited the capital.On paper, the sides match up pretty well and it promises to be a battle of equals. If Delhi has the brutality of captain Virender Sehwag and David Warner, Kolkata have the answer in Brendon McCullum.If Mahela Jayawardene lends stability to Delhi's batting order, Kolkata captain Gautam Gambhir has been equally inspirational for his team.In fact, both the teams have equally potent all-rounders in the line-up with Irfan Pathan rediscovering his old form for Delhi and Bangladeshi Shakib Al Hasan doing the job for Kolkata.On the bowling front, Delhi have a pace ace in South African Morne Morkel, who has not just been miserly in conceding runs but has also been wrecker-in-chief when it comes to picking up wickets.Ably supported by Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron, Delhi's pace attack has looked lethal with Morkel at the helm.Kolkata also have an intimidating pace battery with Australian Brett Lee likely to make a comeback after sitting out in the last three games.But with the likes of mystery spinner Sunil Narine, Iqbal Abdulla and Shakib in the rank, Kolkata will definitely have an upper hand over Delhi in the spin department.Kolkata have their own match-winning bowler in mystery spinner Narine, who has been consistency personified.Teams (from):Delhi Daredevils: Virender Sehwag (Capt.), Kevin Pietersen, Mahela Jayawardene, Ajit Agarkar, Irfan Pathan, Umesh Yadav, Puneet Bisht, Robin Bist, Naman Ojha (wk), Shahbaz Nadeem, Venugopal Rao, Vikas Mishra, Yogesh Nagar, Zafir Patel, Sunny Gupta, Tejashwi Yadav, Aavishkar Salvi, Kuldeep Raval, Manpreet Juneja, Pawan Negi, Prashant Naik, Aaron Finch, Andre Russell, Doug Bracewell, Glenn Maxwell, Gulam Bodi, Morne Morkel, Roelf van der Merwe.Kolkata Knight Riders: Gautam Gambhir (Capt.), Brendon McCullum (wk), Jacques Kallis, Manoj Tiwary, Yusuf Pathan, Debabrata Das, Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Rajat Bhatia, Sunil Narine, Brett Lee, Iqbal Abdulla, Chirag Jani, Iresh Saxena, Jaidev Unadkat, Manvinder Bisla, Pradeep Sangwan, Sanju Samson, Sarabjit Singh Ladda, Mohammad Shami Ahmed, Eoin Morgan, Marchant de Lange, Ryan ten Doeschate and Shakib Al Hasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326226", "title": "Mishap at Alwar\u2019s illegal mine killed 5 persons, but no action yet", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government forgets about its own orders when it comes to illegal mining. In an apparent turnaround from its orders issued two months ago, the government has refrained from taking action against any official even after the death of least five labourers in Alwar's Bhiwadi area on Thursday. As per the orders, action was to be initiated against officers under whose jurisdiction illegal mining takes place in the state.An official said that an order had been issued two months ago after the Supreme Court's direction to put a complete ban on illegal mining in Aravalli Hills.\"A circular had been issued to departments like revenue, forests, police and mining that action was to be initiated against those officials who are found negligent in checking illegal mining in Alwar after the Supreme Court ban,\" said the officer.However, district mines engineer J P Jakhar said that people from Haryana are carrying out illegal mining in the area. \"These labourers are also from Haryana. Little could be done if people voluntarily come from outside and carry out mining blasts here. However, we are trying to put a check on that,\" said Jhakar.SP, Alwar, Umesh Dutta assured of action in the matter. \"I have asked the addl SP, Bhiwadi, to conduct a thorough probe into the mining. We are leaving no stone unturned to brought to book illegal miners,\" said Dutta.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot himself had said during a visit to Alwar on Saturday that mining mafia are still active in the state despite a ban on illegal mining. Expressing concern over illegal mining, Gehlot had said that mafia is not only active in Alwar, but in other parts of the state too.The chief minister said that directions have already been issued to all the district collectors to curb illegal mining in their respective districts. He added collectors have been asked to identify all the areas where the mafias are active. After identifying the illegal mining spots, they are required to take strict action against them, Gehlot said.The deaths of at least five labourers proved that the illegal mining are operative in the state. The explosions continued at nearby illegal mines even when the bodies of labourers were cremated in Chuharpur village on Thursday. All the police and district administration officers were present when explosions occurred. However, either due to nexus of mining mafia with the administration and police or due to fear, no one dared to enquire about these explosions.\"There is definitely some foul play. Why action is not being initiated against officials responsible for illegal mining? It seems officials themselves are protecting mining mafia,\" said MLA from Alwar, Banwari Lal Singhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13328871", "title": "Action taken against 174 in a single day", "text": "The city police cracked down on 174 persons consuming liquor in the open or at food stalls by the roadside on Friday night.The action was jointly taken by the Zone I and Zone II of the city police commissionerate.While police personnel in Zone I took action against 67 people under Sections 112 and 117 of the Bombay Police Act, Zone II police took action against 107 people.The action was taken in the Panchvati area and in Ambad, Indiranagar, said Kulwant Kumar Sarangal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13326453", "title": "Two held from mishap site in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: The police have arrested two men for illegal mining which led to the death of at least five labourers in Bhiwadi area on Sunday. The duo has a strong network in the area and supply stones to Haryana from illegal mines on Aravalli hills in Alwar, said the police.The accused, identified as Akhtar and Vishal, are residents of Chuharpur village where the five labourers had died in a mining mishap. However, it is still unknown under whose patronage these two were working.A senior police officer said that the duo runs three to four illegal mines in Bhiwadi region. \"There is no specific places where the duo used to carry out illegal mining. They would carry out blasts at different places. They worked like a syndicate. If one of them fears that his mine is under the watch of administration, he takes the supply of stones from other mine. The other will return the favour when his mine is under watch,\" said the officer.The duo used to hire labourers from Haryana and bring them here. \"They would smuggle mining products to Haryana from where it would be transported to other places,\" said the officer. He added that both the men are being interrogated. However, sources said they are small fish in the racket involved in illegal mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13350831", "title": "Facebook shares implausibly priced: Analyst", "text": "WASHINGTON: An analyst working with a New York-based firm has that Facebook's shares were implausibly priced for \"perfection\" leading him to put a 'sell' rating on the stock.Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research Group cautioned clients against buying Facebook shares.His recommendation came less than 24 hours after Facebook's stuttering debut, marred in part by technical difficulties, which saw its shares end the day just 23 cents higher than its float price, at 38.23 dollars, valuing the company at 104.2 billion dollars.\"While we like the company, we're troubled by investors' perception of the risks,' The Sunday Telegraph quoted Weiser, as saying.\"It's priced for perfection and that's clearly implausible,\" he added.Despite amassing over 900 million users and tripling its profits to 1billion dollars, Facebook faces the challenge of squeezing more advertising from the site without angering the users that are its chief asset.The need that Facebook will have to make further acquisitions, and a still unproven advertising model are two of the reasons why Pivotal argues Facebook shares are worth just 30 dollars each.\"None of this is to take away from the fantastic success of the company. It's just not consistent with the economics,\" the paper quoted Weiser, as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13329810", "title": "Duo distributed fake notes in Koyambedu", "text": "CHENNAI: The central crime branch police on Friday arrested two men for distributing counterfeit currency in the city. Mohammed Feroz and Manikandan were nabbed on Friday morning when they tried to purchase electronic goods using a fake credit card from a store on Anna Salai.Police seized fake currency notes with a face value of over 1.74 lakh from them. The duo confessed to distribution of fake notes mostly in the busy Koyambedu market area.\"They paid for goods with fake 500 notes. If a shopkeeper got suspicious about the notes, they immediately took back the money and made some excuse,\" an investigating officer said. \"They sometimes posed as retail vendors and bought goods in bulk with the fake notes.\"Investigators said Feroz and Manikandan, both school dropouts, were associates of a kingpin in the racket from Uttar Pradesh who is hiding in Chennai. They declined to name the racketeer, saying it could compromise an operation to arrest him.The two men had also been involved in cases of credit card fraud. Police seized 13 fake credit cards, an encoder, a laptop and 149 counterfeit notes from Manikandan's house and 200 notes from Feroz's house in Mannadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13335131", "title": "Do it yourself and say 'aha!\u2019", "text": "Nobel laureate Sir CV Raman did India proud by his contribution to Physics that won him the Nobel prize in 1930. No Indian scientist thereafter has been conferred the Nobel. And, there has been no notable invention from India after 'zero'.Top score vs Logical thinkingOur country is bursting with 'top scorers' in maths and science. But how many will turn out to be geniuses for the world to remember?Let's shift focus from the 'top score' to 'logical reasoning'. \"Science education is about building a 'problem-solving' attitude among children. It is about the possibility of finding solutions to your unique geographical situations,\" explains Sujatha Virdhe, who spent years as a scientist at Isro.Twenty-two years ago, Sujatha realized the need for experiential learning tools for science, through her interactions with kids. \"I set about designing scientific education kits as a hobby, which my brother Suyash Dake helped market. Our mission was to bring science to the common man's doorstep,\" she says.Sujatha's mission was to make science accessible in practical ways. Four years ago, she decided to start the Sunday Science School (SSS), an initiative of L Green Ventures. \"I started L Green with an intention to create awareness about solar electricity among engineering students. Gradually I discovered my passion lies in disseminating science education among school children, and SSS was born,\" she says.Theory vs ExperimentsExperiential training opens the mind to all those myriad possibilities that learning by rote can't. \"And experiments often take you on exciting journeys,\" Sujatha says, adding, \"As a student of experimental physics, I always got completely unexpected results. Honestly, they were mostly wrong! And then, I had to de-bug, retry and understand my own folly. Experiments are always so much fun.\" The fun of learning through experiments is catching on like wildfire. \"We started our pilot project in Ahmednagar three years ago and spread to Pune last year, where the turnout was heartening. We had 1,200 students attending SSS. Inspired, we're starting our programme in Bangalore in July this year,\" says Sujatha. the subject, but grow terrified of science. And, 99.9% of students don't get a chance to experiment with science,\" says Sujatha.Know all vs Do it yourselfSo how does one handle this demon called science ? \"We must get out of the habit of spoon-feeding our children. Today, children have access to all information via Google. They get into the trap of 'knowing everything' . Contrarily , when a child who is learning about energy , for instance, makes a hydraulic arm, he imbibes the concepts of force and pressure. He learns that friction needs to be reduced to enhance efficiency. When he grasps this concept, he experiences that 'Aha!' moment,\" explains Sujatha. These experiments further help the child sharpen his hand-brain coordination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13328738", "title": "Efforts on to find new VC for Bharathiar University", "text": "COIMBATORE: Efforts are on to find a new Vice Chancellor for Bharathiar University, as the existing VC, C Swaminathan's term will come to an end this August. The university syndicate has nominated retired IAS official P Sonai to the three-member search committee which will suggest three names to the governor for the post.During the syndicate meeting on Saturday, higher education secretary T S Sridhar proposed Sonai's name which was approved by the majority. The senate of the university will meet next Friday to decide on its nominee to the committee while the third member would be nominated by the government.A committee was also formed for the selection of a new registrar in the place of P Thirumalvalavan, who will retire on June 8. The new registrar would be selected by June 5 and the university has already received 18 applications for the post. A six member committee has been constituted to decide on the registrar as per UGC law.The Syndicate meeting also decided to make M. Padmanabhan, Professor, Department of Career Guidance and Extension, and V. Vijaya Padma, Assistant Professor, Department of Biotechnology, as its new members. They will have three years tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "13334211", "title": "Brahmin seers unite to promote education and reform society", "text": "SHIMOGA: The two-day convention of Brahmins here, which was graced by 14 seers of all the three sects of the community, has united the seers to find solutions to problems being faced by the community. Senior pontiffs of various religious institutions spoke to TOI about the problems and the possible solutions. Here are the excerpts from an interview:Why do pontiffs of Brahmin community lack interest in promoting education and working for the cause of social reforms compared to pontiffs from other communities?Vishwesha Theertha, head of Pejawar Mutt: \"There is a dire need to give special attention towards them. Brahmins have not tapped the area effectively. Some are working in those areas, but in a limited way. The three sects of Brahmin community must come to a common understanding, and the Shimoga convention has helped them achieve that. The first congregation of 14 seers on a common platform has taken a decision to promote social activities and education.Sri Raghaveswara Bahrathi of Ramachndrapur Mutt: \"Time has come to give special attention on that front. We have to strike a balance, while keeping in view past, present and future aspects. We should prepare our youths to face challenges. The pontiffs must instill courage, ethical values and harmony so as to strengthen the community and the society.Sri Viswa Prasanna Theertha of Udupi: \"Brahmins must look towards planning, execution and promotion of need-based institutions and programmes by considering successful examples from others. We will chalk out a common strategy to start educational institutions by taking the support of the community at all places.The members of Brahmin's community have expressed grave concern over marriage-related problems. What are your views on solving this problem?Sri Gangadharendra Saraswathi of Swarnavalli Mutt: \"Yes, marriage-related problems have assumed huge proportion. Sectarian beliefs should be removed immediately. All the three sects of the community must feel oneness, and this solves such problems. All the seers have now agreed to support the marriage between aspiring grooms and brides from all the three sects. This will help check divorces, suicides and harassment. We will also urge the members of the community, especially the youth, to follow austerity measures in weddings celebrations. They will also be directed to adhere to tradition, and avoid dowry or other benefits.Vishwesha Theertha: \"There will be no restriction for Brahmin youths to marry among the three sects. Non-availability of girls is due to a difference in sex ratio. All pontiffs will support marriage among the three sects. But we have not given our nod to inter-caste marriage proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13354980", "title": "Love, Lies And Seeta: Tale of three friends", "text": "Indian born Lavrenti Lopes was in Mumbai recently to promote his upcoming Hollywood debut flick, Love, Lies and Seeta. \"The film is about three guys who fall in love with one woman - Seeta.It's an Indo-American venture, and an out-and-out rom-com, something that everyone across the globe will relate to,\" says Lavrenti, \"I've been travelling across the country to interact with the audience and promote the film, which releases here on May 18.\" Lavrenti, meanwhile, is also playing the lead in two other films, Afghan Hound and Desperate Endeavours.\"Playing an Afghan in Afghan Hound was a new experience for me. Both the film will hit screens this year,\" he adds. Having acted in independent films in several languages, quiz Lavrenti if he's looking forward to being part of an Indian pot-boiler, and he answers, \"I'm an actor first, and geography and language are not the prime criterion when I choose my projects. I was born in India, and did my schooling here as well. Of course I'd be glad to do a project here!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327203", "title": "Insurance firm told to pay Rs 60,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has ordered New India Assurance Co Ltd to pay a policy-holder Rs 60,000 for refusing to reimburse expenses incurred on hospitalization.Shiv Kumar Gupta had spent Rs 45,252 on his son's hospital stay in 2010. The district consumer disputes redressal forum has ordered the company to reimburse the amount and also pay Rs 10,000 as compensation for \"harassment\" and \"mental agony\" and Rs 5,000 as litigation cost.The insurance company refused to pay claiming Gupta had not provided all documents. Gupta informed the third party administrator of the company of his son's hospitalization on December 7, 2010 and submitted documents. He was told his claim was being processed. The company later rejected it arguing that doctor's prescription slip and IPD paper were missing.\"Despite the fact that the insurance company has received the policy premium when the benefits were required to be extended to the complainant/family members it closed the claim without valid reason,\" said the forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330261", "title": "Stove burst kills woman", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old woman died of severe burns on Saturday after a stove burst at her house in Muthialpet. Police said Pavithra of Saiva Muthali Muthaiah Street, tried to light the stove to cook food when it burst and her dress caught fire. Police officials said that she was married just eight months ago.They were living in a rented house and her husband, Saravanan is a water-can supplier. Hearing her cries, neighbours rushed to her help and sprinkled water to douse the fire. They took her to the Stanley medical college and then later shifted to Government Kilpauk Medical College Hospital where she died, police said. Pavithra sustained 80% burns.A case was registered under section 174 CrPC. Revenue Divisional Officer probe has been ordered into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329032", "title": "V S Achuthanandan's ultimatum to politburo: It is either him or Pinarayi Vijayan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At a juncture when the CPM can ill-afford it - the Neyyattinkara bypoll is round the corner - V S Achuthanandan has queered the pitch for the party.In a clear signal that he is at the end of his tether, VS served the politburo a virtual ultimatum: immediately make changes in the state leadership and constitute an ad hoc committee, or else allow him to relinquish his position as leader of the opposition in the state assembly.In a strongly worded letter to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and politburo member Sitaram Yechuri, VS said that the state leadership was advocating revisionist policies and promoting intense factionalism within the party, and that if the present trend continued the party would dangerously distance itself from the people. The three-page letter also played on the susceptibilities of the central leadership by pointing out discrepancies in the party's stand on the politics of violence vis-a-vis Bengal and Kerala.The veteran leader made it clear that the provocation for the letter was the murder of former CPM leader T P Chandrashekaran. VS alleged that the murder was executed with the connivance of a section of the leaders in the party and hence the party cannot evade responsibility for it.He pointed out that since the CPM was engaged in a campaign against the politics of violence in West Bengal, such a stand in Kerala would smack of dual standards.The letter has given a severe jolt to the party leadership in the state since the CPM is already under fire over the alleged involvement of some of its leaders in the Chandrashekaran murder.A few days ago, VS had equated Pinarayi Vijayan to Dange and said that Vijayan would face Dange's fate if he was not ready to correct himself. The party had chosen not to openly react to those statements because of the upcoming Neyyattinkara bypoll. However, internally, sources said that the CPM state secretariat was all set to demand VS's removal from the opposition leader's post and also remove him from the party's central committee for gross indiscipline. But he seems to have pre-empted them by firing this surprise salvo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13325717", "title": "No sea link to Haji Ali, mediator blames government", "text": "MUMBAI: The plan to extend the sea link to Haji Ali, in limbo for months, has been effectively shelved. Sources say Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra), which was in a dispute with the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) about contractual promises, has been allowed to make an exit after the mediator found its grouse against the state agency valid.Slamming the agency for breaching its agreement with RInfra, mediator Justice (retd) B P Singh has indirectly said the firm is not bound to pay a penalty for ending the contract. \"The government has no authority to change the terms and conditions of the original agreement once the project has been awarded to the bidder,\" said Justice Singh in his 12-page report, a copy of which is with TOI. As per the MSRDC-RInfra agreement, the agency was supposed to get a guarantee of Rs 1,392 crore for the WHSL project from the government. The government was also to return the developer's investment were it to terminate the contract after start of construction. But it refused to extend support to both the MSRDC and RInfra.The development means there will be no direct connectivity between Worli and Haji Ali for at least six years. The MSRDC has two courses of action before it: inviting tenders afresh for the Worli-Haji Ali sea link (WHSL) project or waiting for the Centre to give environmental clearance to Mumbai's coastal road plan. Either process will take about two years, to which is to be added a four-year construction period. Simply put, no immediate relief is in sight for the two lakh vehicles that every day negotiate thick traffic on narrow roads between South Mumbai and the western suburbs during peak hours.The sources said that though RInfra would get back its deposit of Rs 100 crore, it will probably lose the Rs 150 crore it has invested in the project so far. But the firm will not press the MSRDC for compensation since it has not been entirely without blame: it did not build a casting yard for the project, contrary to contract terms.RInfra invested the amount on designs and a geo-technical survey. A source said the firm would like to sell the designs and the survey findings to future bidders, which will be possible if the MSRDC sticks with the project. If the agency opts for a coastal road, RInfra would obviously lose its investment.Unable to get state guarantee, the MSRDC could not secure bank financing for the project either; it failed to get a no-objection certificate from the lenders ( Canara Bank ) for the existing Bandra-Worli sea link (BWSL). The NOC-stating that the WHSL project was free from encumbrances-was needed to secure funds from banks. Lastly, the government failed to get the BMC's permission for using BWSL's casting yard for the next project, though RInfra was to arrange one on its own, as mentioned before in this article.RInfra was supposed to start construction work 180 days from signing the contract. When it did not, MSRDC issued a notice, to which Rinfra replied that the agency had not kept its promises and so it wanted to withdraw from the project. But the MSRDC slapped on the firm damages of Rs 10 lakh per day. When RInfra challenged this, the matter went to Justice Singh.\"In my view, the state cannot shift its obligation to make available funds by way of grant to the developer. Such a refusal is pleaded as force majeure (a reason forcing a developer to part ways) as per the concession agreement between the two,\" the judge said in his report. He said such changes would automatically relieve the developer of obligations.What next?There are two possibilities for direct connectivity between Worli and Haji Ali:* MSRDC invites tenders afresh* Waits for the Centre's environmental clearance to the coastal road plan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13329344", "title": "Work on Operation Bluestar memorial begins", "text": "AMRITSAR: Twenty-eight years after Operation Bluestar, the work on the '1984 memorial' to be devoted to \"Sikh martyrs\" has begun.Hundreds of Sikh devotees and representatives of various Sikh religious organizations converged at the Golden Temple on Sunday to participate in the kar sewa (voluntary service) for the memorial.The Dal Khalsa, a radical Sikh organization, has been given the responsibility of constructing the memorial.Also among them was Ishwar Singh, son of Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale, who called upon the Sikh sangat to \"overwhelmingly participate in the kar sewa\".The ceremonial construction of the memorial was inaugurated by Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa, chief of Damdami Taksal, a Sikh seminary, Giani Gurbachan Singh, jathedar of the Akal Takht, the highest temporal seat of Sikhs, Giani Balwant Singh Nandgarh, jathedar of Takht Damdama Sahib, and Avtar Singh Makkar, president of the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC), the body which looks after the religious affairs of the Sikhs.To be built inside the temple complex and adjoining the Akal Takht, the memorial, according to the Sikh religious leaders, would \"reflect the valour and fighting spirit of those who sacrificed their lives during the Army operation in 1984\".Harnam Singh Khalsa said the structure of memorial wouldn't pose any obstruction to the ambience of Golden Temple and the edifice would be in perfect harmony with the religious atmosphere of Sikhs' holiest of holy shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13326651", "title": "Govt awakens only after whistleblower Mantesh's death", "text": "Leaders of the ruling BJP in Karnataka are so busy politicking that they had little time to spare for an upright officer who was attacked for seeking to implement the rule of law.The consequence: police are floundering in their investigation into the attack on SP Mahantesh even five days after the incident took place. Neither chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who also holds the cooperation portfolio, nor home minister R Ashoka deemed it necessary to call on the officer when he was battling for life in hospital from Tuesday.The government swung into action only after news of Mahantesh's death broke. \"He (Mahantesh) was a good officer. It should not have happened. Steps will be taken to protect whistleblowers and honest officers. We have set up crack teams to nab the culprits,\" Gowda said, adding that \"the government will do whatever it takes.\" Home minister Ashoka said he was hopeful the accused would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323794", "title": "Ahmedabad municipal corporation to auto-correct its accounts books with new technology", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City roads hardly surviving for a year, civic pipelines being frequently repaired, duplicate valves and electrical being encouraged in Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) procurement, contractors never sticking to their deadlines. For years a faulty municipal financial system had drained public coffers of the precious contribution of the taxpayer's money and contractors laughed away to the bank with crores.For the very first time, just when allegations of corruption are beginning to fly in an election year, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is trying to correct its accounts books.A new policy of procurement and tendering jointly developed by the AMC audit department and the finance department was forcefully introduced by the municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra. Under this system, deadlines of civic works are sacrosanct. Raw materials like cement, steel and asphalt along with various other machinery parts should be branded as demanded by the AMC. This is to ensure quality in construction or repair works of civic utilities.Also escalations in the price is barred for any civic work that has to be completed within 12 months. To avoid any human meddling with accounts, special software will help keep check on the activities of payments being disbursed to contractors.\"Contractors drained AMC coffers for years by quoting prices of raw materials as available in two to three-year-old State of Requirement (SOR) price list. This way, the contractors were eligible for an escalation in price from the very first day. This has been stopped and the contractors have been asked to quote the latest roads and buildings department's SOR,\" says as senior AMC official.Another major aspect under check is the price of asphalt, used in roads - which is a petroleum product. \"We had seen that even as crude petroleum rates went down the contractors still enjoyed the luxury of claiming the higher rate of asphalt,\" adds the official. The new system also requires that if there is deviation from demanded branded products, the contractor has to prove to the municipal commissioner that the new product or part is equally good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347646", "title": "Pay the f*** up for Haiti relief, says Sean Penn", "text": "Sean Penn stunned guests gathered for Haiti Relief benefit at Cannes with his expletive-ridden speech.The star, who claimed being 'Under the influence of vodka', made a rambling delivery, jokingly questioning as to why some of the A-list guests were at the charity gala when they had 'people to f***' at other parties', reported the Daily Mail.The 51-year-old actor also praised fellow Haiti fundraiser Paul Haggis 'even though he was a Canadian whose parents included a man, a woman and a tree.'\"F*** 'em if people say you're just writing a cheque, but you're making a change,\" he said.The actor, who claimed that 'fight the f*** out of politics' to get things done urged the guests to 'to pay the f*** up'.The actor then instructed a woman to 'Tell the man next to you, \"I'm not going to f*** you tonight unless you pay the f*** up.'The actor also insisted that Haiti should be helped because it was just an hour away from 'the richest f***ing country in the world'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323200", "title": "Narendra Modi praises China before US non-resident Gujaratis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi praised China while addressing non-resident Gujaratis (NRG) in the US through video-conferencing on Sunday. Many are seeing this as Modi's jibe at the US for continuing with its policy of not issuing him a visa for the post-Godhra riots even seven years after the ban had been enforced. A Republican lawmaker has asked for the ban to be revoked after Modi was put on the cover of Time magazine , but US officials said last month there was no change in their stand.\"If Gujarat and China are being compared today, it is because of the success of the manufacturing sector, in which the state has taken a lead,\" Modi told the NRGs through a video-link from Ahmedabad. \"There was a time when Chinese clay pottery was famous around the world. Today, Morbi's ceramic industry is competing with China in exports.\" Many businessmen from Morbi were upset with the BJP for collecting funds under the Dhansangrah scheme for the upcoming elections.\"Gujarat is becoming the automobile hub of Asia. Today, I want to proudly say that there is no single vehicle in the country of which the parts are not manufactured in the state and exported and used to make vehicles,\" he asserted.He also spoke about milk industry's growth. \"The milk production has been increased by 68% in the state in the last decade. I can proudly say today that the Delhi government won't get tea unless Gujarat provides milk to it,\" Modi gushed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328709", "title": "Parched DLF residents forced to use private tankers", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of DLF City are witnessing a severe water crisis with most of them being forced to depend on private suppliers for their daily requirement of water. With mercury rising each passing day, residents allege that private players have now signaled a hike in their charges in the next few days.On its part, the developer, DLF, claims that it is managing the situation in its colonies with at least 50% shortage in the water supply from HUDA. Even the overhead and underground tanks are getting completely filled to deal with the crisis.But residents say the situation is only getting worse. \"We have been facing this problem for the past one month. We have stopped washing our cars and watering our courtyards as per the advisory of the city administration. Now we don't get more than 10 minutes of water supply a day. I have sent my children to their grandparents in Delhi,\" said Sanjay Arya, a resident of E-Block in DLF-I.However, when Arya raised the issue with HUDA, the agency told him that there was adequate supply. \"DLF said that it is getting less supply from the government agency. Why should a common man understand how they are managing when they are paying taxes and even municipal tax? We are also paying maintenance charges to the developer,\" Arya said.The experience has not been any different for Deepak Gupta of DLF-II, a businessman. He said that he has been ordering private tankers paying Rs 600 every day to fill his reservoir. \"I am spending over Rs 15,000 a month. We get hardly five minutes of water daily. The private water tanker supplier has told me that the price will increase in the next few days,\" Gupta said.Nevertheless, there is no clue of the source and quality of water that these private players supply to residents.Admitting that there is a crisis in this part of the city, Baljeet Singh of DLF said that there was some major problem in the past three days due to reduced water supply from HUDA's end. \"But on Sunday, it was better. We are managing with about 40-50% shortfall. About eight tubewells have either dried or are pumping out bad quality water. Even pumping of water from other tubewells has reduced significantly,\" Singh said.Sources said that the developer cannot even seek permission for fresh tubewells since there is a blanket ban. After being pulled up by the Punjab and Haryana high court, the district administration has taken a list of the operational and defunct tubewells in the entire DLF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13325880", "title": "Film-maker attacked by daughter\u2019s \u2018abductor\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bollywood actor-turned-film-maker was on Sunday threatened by a youth who had kidnapped his daughter three years ago and is facing trial in the case. The film-maker was in a coffee shop at Andheri (W), when the accused, Pritesh Doshi (27), manhandled him, threatening him with dire consequences unless he withdrew the abduction case. The film-maker registered a non-cognizable complaint with the police.\"I was at the coffee shop when I got a phone call. I went down to receive it and found Doshi there. He began threatening me, demanding that I withdraw the case. When I said I won't, he started hitting me. As people started gathering, he fled before shouting that he would teach me and my daughter a lesson. I'm very worried about my daughter's safety,\" the film-maker said.On May 10, 2009, the film-maker had dropped his 13-year-old daughter outside a shop, where she was to meet a friend. Doshi called her and threatened to harm her dad if she did not accompany him. He took her to a guest house, where he allegedly sexually assaulted her. She later returned home.The film-maker has decided to move court to cancel Doshi's bail. \"What kind of society are we living in where a habitual offender walks free and goes around threatening victims,\" the film-maker said. -Bharati Dubey", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13326236", "title": "Naxal kangaroo court in Gadchiroli under cops\u2019 noses", "text": "NAGPUR: In a thick forest near Jimulgatta in Aheri tehsil, around 160 km from Gadchiroli town, Naxals organized a massive 'jan adalat' last week. The audacity of the rebels can be gauged from the fact that the jan adalat's location was within 10 km of Jimulgatta sub-police station.It was learnt that Aheri-Jimulgatta area committee commander Shankar Anna, South Gadchiroli division committee Bhaskar Hichami alias Prabhakar, and platoon commander and divisional committee member Laxman led the proceedings, comprising 250-300 rebels.Sources said four Naxal units comprising armed cadres rendered protection near the spot. Hundreds of tribal villagers also attended the so-called 'jan adalat' or people's court, which is learnt to have stretched for several hours.Unconfirmed sources said that information of the gathering had reached Jimulgatta sub-police station but inadequate strength of the force present and absence of central paramilitary personnel forced the police to refrain from launching an offensive. \"There could have been an ambush for the cops too,\" said a senior officer.Three people from Jimulgatta, whom the Naxals had abducted on May 14, were 'produced' before the tribal population where 'charges' against them were read out. Pulayya Veladi, former sarpanch of Jimulgatta village, Ramnayya Yadawar, former zilla parishad member and an activist of the Nationalist Congress Party and Vyankati Medhi, member of Jimulgatta gram panchayat, were presented before the 'people's court'.Naxals force two panchayat samiti members to quit postsThe Naxals recently held a Jan Adalat to decide upon the 'charges' against public representatives which they had abducted on May 14. They were freed only after the assembled villagers urged the Naxals to pardon them.Although the gathering was ostensibly held to hold the trial of corrupt public representatives, anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare too was condemned by Naxals during the meet.In the last few months, Naxals have eliminated several elected civic body members after presenting them before such kangaroo courts.Pictures of the gathering, available with TOI, show hundreds of tribals gathered in a clearing in the forest, watched over by armed rebels.During the gathering, the rebels are learnt to have charged the local MLA with accepting huge bribe worth crres of rupees to let Surjagarh mines operate.The Naxals charged Yadawar with corruption, stating that he had joined politics to earn wealth and took interest in such government schemes which would enable him to siphon off funds meant for welfare of tribals. Pulayya Veladi, former sarpanch of Jimulgatta village, and Vyankati Medhi, member of Jimulgatta gram panchayat, were charged for misleading tribals on the pretext of solving their problems through the village-level 'tanta mukti samitis' or dispute resolution committees, and accepting bribes to render favours in committee decisions.It was learnt that two panchayat samiti members, Hrishi Kortet from Peta village and Shriniwas Gawde of Jimulgatta, were also forced to furnish in writing their intentions to vacate their posts before the Naxal court after they too were deemed lacking in sincerity towards their role.Gadchiroli superintendent of police S Vireesh Prabhu said an operation had been launched in the area following intelligence inputs about the gathering but that the Naxals changed their venue at the last moment. \"We are still verifying the incident. We have heard that the Naxals suddenly gathered some forest labourers and villagers engaged in tendu leaves collection and bamboo cutting to conduct the meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326452", "title": "Drive to make boat club polybag-free loses steam", "text": "BHOPAL: The Urban Administration Department (UAD) campaign to make Boat Club a polythene-free zone seems to be losing steam. With no proper check points and inspections, people are freely carrying polythene bags and disposing them in the lake polluting the water of the Upper Lake.The UAD announced the Boat Club as a no-polythene zone in February 2010. In a short time after the announcement, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) made regular attempts to avoid use of polythene bags in the area.With the passage of time, the campaign began losing pace. \"We often see people carrying polythene bags and throwing packets of chips and eatables on roadside,\" Sudeep Verma, a resident of South TT Nagar said.Though the corporation installed booths at the entrance of the Upper Lake, absence of officials to keep a check on use of polybags here is defeating the purpose of the exercise.\"When the campaign began, there were officials at the entrance of the Upper Lake checking every vehicle entering the boat club. If anyone was found entering the Boat Club with a polythene bag, they would not allow them entering the area with polythene bags,\" said Sandhya Dixit, a resident of New Market said.\"We are trying to keep a check on polythene bags in this area. I will ask the health department to check polythene bags in the area at the earliest,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331996", "title": "Germany more welcoming", "text": "As per a new law, students, scientists and researchers interested in studying and working in Germany will have more opportunities to work during their studies, as well as more time to search for employment once they have graduated.On April 27, the German Parliament - Bundestag - passed an Act that will make, now onwards, studying and finding work in Germany easier. The Act Implementing the EU Directive on Entry and Residence of Highly Qualified Workers, as the new law is called, will allow foreign students to 'odd-job' for 120 days annually , compared to 90 days earlier.Once students have completed their studies, they are then allowed an 18-month window to seek employment , during which they can work an unlimited number of hours or days. This limit was previously 12 months, and students had to have approval from the German Federal Employment Agency (BA) in order to work during that time.According to Cord Meier-Klodt , Germany's Acting Ambassador to India , \"The legislation will grant foreign graduates of German universities unrestricted access to the job market in their search for a post that fits their qualifications. After completing studies, they will be able to work in Germany for 18 months in any capacity to secure a livelihood. Also, it lowers the income level required for granting a permanent settlement permit to highly qualified specialists and senior staff from 66,000 euro to 48,000 euro.\"HIGHLIGHTS OF THE NEW ACTUnrestricted access to the job market Work in Germany for 18 months to secure a livelihood Lower income level for granting a permanent settlement permit to highly qualified specialists from 66,000 euro to 48,000 euro", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13323472", "title": "Zohal Hamid is my rakhi sister, says Abhishek Verma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abhishek Verma, the controversial Delhi businessman under investigation by various agencies, says Zohal Hamid, the US citizen in the middle of the IPL molestation case, is his \"rakhi sister\".\"She is my rakhi sister and very close to my entire family,\" Verma said about Hamid, who has filed a police case against Australian Luke Pommersbach, a player with Royal Challengers Bangalore, for allegedly trying to molest her. Hamid has also served a legal notice on Siddharth Mallya, son of RCB owner Vijay Mallya, for making \"derogatory\" comments about her on Twitter.Son of former Congress MPs Shrikant Verma and Veena Verma, Abhishek Verma has had a very colourful and controversial life, with the investigating agencies suspecting him of being an alleged middleman in defence deals. He was arrested in 2006 for his alleged involvement in the naval war room leak case.Verma said he had recommended four law firms that already handle his cases to Hamid, and she picked one of them to handle her allegations of molestation against the IPL player. \"She came to her own arrangements with C&C; Associates,\" Verma told TOI.Verma said his partner Anca Neacsu had in the past recommended Hamid for an Indian visa, through C Edmonds Allen, who has filed detailed complaints against Verma accusing him of collecting over $200 million in arms deals and as a lobbyist. Both CBI and Enforcement Directorate are now investigating Allen's claim that Verma had collected some $205 million in escrow accounts in the US that Allen controlled on his behalf.Verma's brush with controversy is not recent. He is an accused in the naval war room leak case and is out on bail. In that case, he is accused of sourcing highly sensitive commercial information from the naval war room through some naval officers and peddling it to defence firms.Allen claims that Hamid has been a consultant to Ganton India, allegedly a front company of Verma which reportedly collected the $200 million in the US escrow account. \"I have nothing to do with Ganton India nor other group companies of Ganton,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329324", "title": "Drive against sand vehicles continues", "text": "NASHIK: In a continuing crackdown on the sand mafia, the minor minerals department of the district collectorate confiscated 169 vehicles that were illegally transporting the material.District collectorate officials have been keeping a check on the theft of sand from last week. The department and tehsildar office have been taking action against the mafia, with round-the-clock vigilance at all checkpoints.Five-member teams, including police personnel, have been appointed district-wide.Department officials said 169 vehicles had been confiscated and the offenders have been fined more than Rs 28 lakh; 18 vehicle owners are yet to pay the fine. In Sinnar, Rs 80,975 has been collected as fines from the offenders. Most cases have been detected in Chandwad (40), followed by 30 in Igatpuri. In Niphad, 21 cases have been unearthed, in Malegaon 19, Nashik 17, Dindori 15, Trimbak 4, and three each in Yeola and Sinnar and two in Nandgaon.First-time offenders will be released after they pay a penalty but criminal cases will be filed against regular offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13322802", "title": "Operation that found the 'virus'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The raid on sex determination clinic in Naroda on Friday was not a fluke for the health department officials. They were working diligently for the past six months to expose the malpractice of sex determination and new modus operandi adopted by hospital authorities. Officials hinted at more such expose in the near future.A senior district health department official said that the key was form F submission by the doctors. \"Form F is a mandatory document for doctors conducting sonography test of pregnant women. The form is a declaration by the doctor and patient that the tests will not be used for sex determination of foetus. Earlier, the forms were incomplete or useless as one could not trace the patient or determine whether the norms were followed. When the pressure increased from the department, doctors started sending complete forms but the numbers reduced drastically,\" said a senior official.The officials then conducted a rough survey in various areas checking average number of children born in the hospitals and sonography tests performed. The data itself showed that the cases of sonography were highly underreported. When the officials sent decoy to doctors for conducting sonography without filling up form F, many turned it down. It baffled the officials.\"We realized that the doctors have changed their modus operandi. We sought help from social workers and health workers for the task and sent many pregnant women for pregnancy and sex determination tests when we realized that a new rung of agents had been formed between patients and doctors. The doctors would not perform sex determination without an agent. The sting has proved the fact. We have got more names in the list and are ready to crack down soon,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326684", "title": "Theft bid shows vulnerability of oil pipes passing through Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: A theft bid at the IOCL's Mundra-Panipat pipeline in Jaipur's Jaisinghpura Khor on Saturday has once again brought to fore the vulnerability of the pipelines passing through the state.After the inferno at IOC's Sitapura depot in November 2009, the state government in collaboration with the oil companies had formed the onshore security coordination committee (OSCC) to ensure safety of oil establishments. However, going by the reports that an organized gang was involved in Saturday theft bid, nothing much seems to have been done.The committee consists of DGP (Rajasthan), DG, security ( ONGC ), secretary - geology and mines (Rajasthan), Add DG-crime (Rajasthan), IGPs of Ajmer, Kota, Jaipur and Jodhpur districts and officials of oil companies. Rajasthan had become the 10th state having an OSCC. The panel meets three times a year. The committee was to chalk out elaborate plans to ensure security at public sector oil establishments. They include refineries, depots and pipelines. It also periodically checks whether security and transport procedures are being followed at refineries, oil deports and pipelines.\"Meetings are being regularly held and as per the norms, records of oil establishments are checked in surprise raids. It is also being ensured whether safety norms are being followed properly,\" a senior officer in the crime branch said. However, investigation into the Saturday theft bid suggests that some members of an organized gang had been involved. \"FIR against unidentified people has been registered. Further investigation is on,\" said a Brahmpuri police station officer.After a crude oil theft at an IOC pipeline in Jaipur rural's Jamdoli village in June 2008, the company had promised to enhance security. About 50,000 litres of oil had also spilled out of the pipeline creating panic in the area. It had been found that the only security arrangement by the company along the pipeline that starts from Munda in Gujarat and ends at a refinery factory at Panipat in Haryana, is the vigilance of a guard at stipulated intervals. Officials said one guard has to check a certain point of the pipeline once in three days. Sources said the security arrangements have not changed much since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327916", "title": "UPA has failed to curb recession: Murli Manohar Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: The economic slowdown following a crash in value of Rupee has given fresh ammunition to the Bharatiya Janata Party to launch a scathing attack on the Congress-led UPA government. Speaking to reporters in Lucknow on Sunday, senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi said that the party has sought a reply from the Centre as to where it plans to cut the expenditure to diffuse the impact of economic slowdown and control inflation.\"The UPA has failed badly in controlling the economic recession. As a result, the fiscal situation of the country is passing through a tumultuous stage. The government has already indicated that it would cut the expenditure to control the economic slowdown. At the same time it needs to answer as to where that cut will be,\" said the senior BJP leader.Joshi also accused the Centre of being involved in a series of scams that has only shaken the confidence of the people. \"Funds meant for public have been swindled. And now they are speaking of economic slowdown,\" Joshi remarked. He said that the government till six months back had been claiming of a robust economic situation. \"Now they say that we do not live in isolation,\" he said. The former national president of BJP charged the Centre of framing wrong economic policies, which will finally have a bearing on the common man of the country. \"That may even impact the farmers as well,\" he said.The senior BJP leader also said that the foreign reserves have started depleting fast following a sharp plunge in the value of rupee. That will also affect the crude oil prices, he said. \"The government, notably, has already indicated of possibilities of a rise in fuel prices, which will eventually lead to rise in the inflation index. The impact will soon be seen far and wide. From educating children abroad to spending on essential commodities, the price will burn a hole in the pockets of common man,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13349359", "title": "Mohanlal turns 52 today", "text": "Mollywood's superstar celebrates his birthday today and apart from the innumerable number of fans he's meeting, the online community seems to be in celebratory mode too.While the wishes have been pouring in, ardent fans are also taking this opportunity to list out some of the actor's all-time hits, songs and even dialogues. However, the superstar himself does not seem to be too keen on a bash. In fact, it is work as usual. The actor turned up at the sets of his film Run Baby Run, on time. The film unit took time off to celebrate the day in the presence of the actor. \"Lalettan's a true professional. He does not let his work suffer in anyway, even if it is his own birthday. The last few months have been trying times for him, especially from the time his mother was hospitalized. He spends the day at work, and the night at the hospital, so celebration is really the last thing on his mind,\" says a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13353163", "title": "Hizbul terrorist killed in J&K; encounter, LeT module busted in Poonch", "text": "JAMMU: A Hizbul Mujahideen militant was shot dead in an encounter with security forces in Kishtwar district, early morning on Monday.Deputy Inspector General (DIG) Kishtwar-Ramban range, Gareeb Dass said that a joint operation was launched following a tip off.\"On seeing the troops cordoning the area, the militant opened fire. This resulted in an encounter between the security forces and the ultra,\" he said and added that during the encounter the militant was killed and an AK rifle and two magazines were recovered from the site.The militant, identified as Akhtar Hussain, had surrendered years ago but was 'reactivated' in 2010. He was involved in ambushing an army patrol which lead to a jawan, Noor Hussain, getting killed. The police had been keeping a tab on the militant since then.An LeT module was also busted, with the arrest of four militants and the recovery of arms, ammunition and explosives besides Pakistani and Indian SIM cards in Poonch, on Sunday.The arrested militants have been identified as Nissar Ahmed, Haq Nawaz, Ashan-ul-Haq and Aftar Ahmad. Nissar had been arrested the previous day and it was following his disclosure that the bust had been carried out.They had been receiving consignments of arms and ammunition, besides the SIM cards near the Line of Control (LoC) from Pakistani militants. \"They were in constant touch with Haji alias Hanzalla, the 'chief operating commander' of LeT, presently in Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK). They had been receiving instructions from Hanzalla and some of his other PoK based associates on Pakistani SIM cards, which received signals in forward areas of the LoC. Pakistan mobile companies under pressure from the Pakistani Army and the ISI have installed towers close to the LoC to help ultras,\" the police claimed.Police recovered two AK rifles with 12 magazines and 810 ammunition rounds, one PIKA gun with 260 rounds, one 2 inch (51 mm) mortar, two Pakistani SIM cards of Telenor and U-Fone, two Indian SIM cards, one satellite phone SIM, seven land mines, ten Under Barrel Grenade Launcher (UBGL) grenades, one UBGL thrower, one wireless set antenna, 19 chargers of wireless sets, one Lemon mobile handset and one speaker.Police said that the consignment of arms and SIM cards of LeT commander Abu Abrar alias Mistry, who was killed in an encounter with security forces on January 19 this year, were also lying with Nissar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13333586", "title": "New website seeks campus safety for girls", "text": "RANCHI: YUVA is a new website that has been created exclusively by a group of proactive girls to cater to the problems girls face on the campus and while travelling because of the indifference of the administration. Fed up with the lackadaisical attitude of those who should address their problems, the girls decided to fend for themselves and set up this website three months ago.There are about a hundred girl members across the state sharing their tales of woes on this website. The president of the group, Kumari Rakhi, said, \"There are still many girls who do not have the freedom to express their problems openly. This website will help them speak out.\"The idea of the website came when the group contacted girls of various colleges to find out their problems.\"Many of the girls we spoke to were having some problem or the other. Either they were being teased or there were not enough hygienic toilets in their institutions. But they were too scared to talk. So we thought, why not a website?\" said Rakhi, adding, \"we will follow up these problems and help the girls raise their voice.\"The biggest problem girls face here is eve-teasing. Sometimes the harassment takes on a nasty colour. \"We have already approached the vice-chancellor of Ranchi University and will be meeting the deputy commissioner this week with our charter of demands.\" The girls have asked for women constables on the campus so that all harassment complaints can be dealt with immediately. \"The victim would be more comfortable talking to the constable if she is around,\" said Rakhi. The group has also demanded a safety law for girls and will be approaching the government soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13327199", "title": "Gangrape victim a dalit, SC/ST Act invoked", "text": "ROHTAK: The gangrape of an 18-year-old law student of Bhagat Phool Singh Women's University in Sonipat took a new turn on Sunday when it came to light that the girl belonged to a dalit community.Sources said the victim, who was staying with her mother in the hostel under police protection, was still in a state of trauma.University vice-chancellor Pankaj Mittal said that the girl was being counselled regularly. \"I have talked to the girl. She is doing fine,\" said Mittal.The girl was abducted last Wednesday morning from outside the campus located at Khanpur Kalan village in Sonipat and gangraped in the nearby fields in broad daylight by four people, including the incharge of a hostel mess.Gohana police station SHO Kanwal Singh said that police have included relevant sections under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989 when they registered the FIR on Thursday night, along with abduction and gangrape charges under the IPC.He said they were interrogating the three accused - Amit Malik, Jaipal Singh, both residents of Khanpur Kalan and Bhupender Singh of Mundlana village. The fourth accused, Vikas alias Vikki, who has been booked for criminal conspiracy had been evading arrest. Police parties were continuing to raid suspected hideouts to nab him, he added.Meanwhile, INLD leader Ajay Chautala said would complain to SC/ST commission about the incident and would seek its intervention to bring justice to the victim girl.Box:TOI journalist manhandledRohtak: An INSO leader, assisted by some women activists, manhandled the TOI journalist outside the women's university at Khanpur Kalan village on Saturday. He was pushed around and his t-shirt was torn by the crowd. The reporter was seeking the version of INSO leader Kunal Gehlawat over their demands in the ongoing students' agitation.When questioned whether political parties were trying to gain mileage out of the issue, some outsider women accompanying him got provoked and started behaving rudely and questioned the antecedents of the journalist.Subsequently, the INSO activist too provoked girl students to manhandle the journalist and raised slogans against media alleging that media was playing into the hands of authorities. When another English daily journalist tried to intervene, he was also manhandled.Later, the girls as well as the INSO activist apologized stating that they failed to recognize the journalist, leading to mistaken identity. A written complaint has been given to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13327807", "title": "Criminal escapes after attacking cop", "text": "NADIA: A sub-inspector (SI) received severe injuries when he was trying to nab a dreaded criminal in connection with an old murder case. The incident took place at Barni Hanspukuria under Tehatta police station in Nadia on Sunday.Animesh De, a provisional SI of Tehatta police station had gone to raid a hotel after receiving a tip-off. \"We had information that the criminal Maniruddin Seikh was having tea at the hotel and Animesh alone rushed to the spot riding on his bike,\" the SP added. The SI and the criminal got involved in a tussle on the spot. The criminal hit the SI with a knife and managed to escape.\"De received multiple injuries on forehead, neck and the rear of the right shoulder,\" SDPO, Tehatta, Malay Majumder said.He was rushed to Tehatta hospital and after preliminary treatment was later referred to Krishnagar, police sources said. \"We are in search of the criminal. We are hopeful that he will get caught soon,\" the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322405", "title": "Eight junior artistes arrested for gambling", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths raided a gaming house in Indira Nagar and arrested eight Tollywood junior artistes who were playing 'Teen Patti' on Sunday. Acting on credible information, Task Force sleuths raided a house at Jawahar Nagar in Indira Nagar and arrested eight junior artistes, including K Ravi Shanker, B Satish, A Venkatesh, E Anjenuyulu, D Mohan Reddy, K Suresh, D Yadagiri and Shaik Vali of Indira Nagar, for gambling. Police seized Rs 25,200 cash, seven cellphones and playing cards from their possession. The arrested persons along with the seized material were handed over to the Banjara Hills police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "daresi", "code": "13330146", "title": "Bhardwajs\u2019 search for perfect name for their baby girl", "text": "DARESI: For the Bhardwajs of Daresi, the last month has not only been about celebrating the birth of a baby girl, but also about confusion over naming the little one.New father Yogesh says everybody in the house has been looking for an appropriate name for his little daughter. ''After her birth, we consulted an astrologer and he suggested some alphabets for the name. Everybody has been looking for a name in books and on websites,'' he said.Baby's mother Anupma said her daughter had brought them bliss. ''The names being considered include Jagriti and Jigyasa but these did not get the nod. So, I am looking again...'' she smiled.''Before the baby was born, our son Raghuvansh used to say he wants a little sister. He calls her Pari, the name he had finalized long ago,'' Anupma said.While the baby's aunts Rekha and Alka want to name her Khanak, the proud grandparents Shubinder and Kanta have voted for 'Bhuvi'.''I want my granddaughter to have a short and sweet name, hence Bhuvi,'' said Kanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13352294", "title": "Smita Bansal holidays in Jaipur", "text": "Smita Bansal, who currently plays Sumitra in the hit TV show 'Balika Vadhu', has taken a break from shooting.But there's no need for her fans to worry. Smita aka Sumitra is not quitting 'Balika Vadhu' and is just on a much needed break.The actress is holidaying at her mother's house in Jaipur. When contacted, Smita confirmed the news \"Yes, I'm on a holiday in Jaipur and will be back only in June\" . Ask the lady how she likes to spend her free time and pat comes the reply \"I love to sleep\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13333168", "title": "Rutuja, Aryan adjudged outstanding", "text": "MUMBAI: Rutuja Bhosle, winner of the Asian junior championship, and Aryan Goveas, the No. 1 Maharashtra player in the Under-14 category, were adjudged the Most Outstanding Mani Junior Player for the year 2011 at the Maharashtra State Lawn Tennis Association's (MSLTA) annual scholarship awards function, on Sunday. While Rutuja was awarded the maximum scholarship of Rs 1,20,000, Aryan was awarded Rs 17,500.The other players from Mumbai who finished 2011 ranked No.1 in their age group are Karan Rastogi (No. 1 men's ), Kyra Shroff (No. 1 women's ), Vatsin Thakkar (No. 1 boys under-12 ) and Vikrant Mehta (No.1 boys u-10 ).Pune's Arjun Khade, Rutuja Bhosle, Sahil Deshmukh and Devanshi Bhimjiyani were also awarded for fin ishing No, 1 in the boys u-18 girls u-18 , boys under-16 and girls u-14 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13333104", "title": "IIT-JEE result: Bokaro Steel Plant boss hails students and teachers for success", "text": "BOKARO: Elated with the performance of students in IIT-JEE examination this year, Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) chief executive officer Anutosh Maitra appreciated students, teachers, parents and schools for the big success.Maitra, who recently takes over as the CEO, was happy knowing that around 120 students of different schools cracked the IIT-JEE bringing fame to the Steel City. he felicitated five students of the BSL-run-schools who passed the IIT-JEE at a programme organized here.The CEO, however, lauded the performance of Kumar Gaurav who ranked 265 in the IIT-JEE. He also appreciated Bokaro Ispat Senior Secondary School whose four students, including Gaurav, excel in the test. The other students who were feted were Nishant Kumar, Manish Kumar, Praveen Kumar and Sourabh Suman. Majority of these students are the sons of BSL employees.\"I am overwhelmed with the performance of the students of the city. The educational environment of the city, contribution of guardians in providing best support to their wards and role of schools in nurturing the students has bagged such a wonderful result,\" said Maitra.He asked the students to remain in close touch with their parents always as their contribution was immense in their success.He also applauded the guardian of the successful students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332374", "title": "Love for the land", "text": "I belong to Lingappakoppal, a village in Hassan, Karnataka . After my UG in horticulture, I had the option to take up fruit science, vegetable science, floriculture, plantation crops or post harvest technology. I did not want to take up anything to do with staple food. Vegetables need special techniques and I wanted to learn about them. Moreover, the use of staple food is dipping and that of vegetables is on the increase.Vegetable science is very interesting. Sample this: earlier , in Karnataka, a hectare of land would produce five to 10 tonnes of tomatoes. With improved varieties and technologies , the maximum record now is 80 tonnes. But the real production capacity of tomatoes in a suitable climate is nearly 360 tonnes. We work on such issues.During the course, we learnt about the fundamentals of vegetable production, starting from soil and climate, varieties of vegetables and what is suitable for each. Production technology involves matters like how to produce vegetables off-season and about advanced technologies like hybrids, irrigation systems and growth hormones.There are classes on vegetable breeding where we study about the genetic characters of each breed and how to make selections and create pedigrees. Seed production and technology is important as procuring seed is one of the most vital factors in growing crops. It's a cycle - from soil to soil.There is a lot of emphasis on organic farming now. We try to look at better alternatives for fertilisers and pesticides . Getting the farm certified as an organic farm by the agencies concerned can be the biggest boon for a farmer as he/she would be able to sell the products anywhere in the world.We also have minor subjects like intellectual property rights, lab techniques, agriculture researches, disaster management and nutrition, and visit farms of progressive farmers. I want to return to my village and educate the other farmers about the best practices. I am now trying an integrated approach with coconut and banana.A piece of land varies across every foot of space. Only those who love working on the land and know what it is it like to be on a farm should take up this course. The scope after the course is vast. There is huge variety, from a horticulture office to a fertiliser company or private companies. There are not many universities exclusively for horticulture in the country, and the University of Horticulture Sciences, Bagalkot in Karnataka is one of them.--L P Madhu, a first year MSc student, Olericulture, University of Horticulture Sciences, Bagalkot", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13354097", "title": "Rahul Sharma pleads innocence, says will quit cricket if found positive for drugs", "text": "JALANDHAR: Rahul Sharma of Pune Warriors, who was detained along with Wayne Parnell apart from 94 others from a rave party in a Mumbai hotel, has pleaded complete innocence and has announced that if he would found positive for drugs in the tests of his urine and blood samples collected by the police then he would quit cricket.Rahul reached his home in Jalandhar on Monday forenoon and told his side of story to the media in the afternoon in the presence of Jalandhar District Cricket Association officials. \"My family has full faith in me and I completely stay away even from liquor and have never touched even beer aside taking any beer,\" he said.\"I had come to Mumbai from Pune for a meeting. In the evening I was asked by Parnell to accompany to a Birthday party for which he was invited by a friend. I had enough time as my flight for Amritsar was scheduled on Monday morning. We had reached there and had water etc. and were standing on a side when after around 15-20 minutes police reached there,\" said Rahul, whose father is a sub inspector in Punjab Police.Police officials told there that they suspected that it was rave party and drugs were being used. I introduced myself to a senior police officer there and told that we do not at all use such things and I don't even take alcohol. However he said that all would have to give their urine and blood samples. I told them that they could take our samples as I was not afraid of anything,\" Rahul said while recalling the incident.\"We cooperated and gave our samples and then we were allowed to go and police officials told that they would get the results in two days,\" he said. Responding to a query Rahul said that to them everything appeared normal at the party and they did not suspect or notice anything abnormal.\"I did not even know what a rave party is and after returning to Jalandhar I asked JDCA secretary Surjit Rai Bitta about it and then came to know that drugs are used in rave parties,\" he said. \"I have been working hard and focusing only on cricket and I am teetotaler,\" he said.He dared that if anything wrong would be found in blood or urine samples then he would quit cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13334600", "title": "BJP president in Bangalore for Loitam Richard justice", "text": "IMPHAL: A day after irate students vandalized and locked the BJP office in Imphal, the state unit president of the saffron party, Sh Shantikumar Sharma, on Sunday air-dashed to Bangalore to pressurize the Karnataka government to ensure justice in the Loitam Richard murder case.Besides meeting the Karnataka BJP president, Shantikumar will also call on chief minister Sadananda Gowda to pressurize him for getting the case investigated by the CBI.Meanwhile, home minister Gaikhangam shot down student organizations' allegation that the state government has remained indifferent to the alleged murder of Loitam Richard and Okram Laaba.Stating that the state government is taking all possible steps to ensure justice in the two cases, Gaikhangam said the Karnataka government is being pressurized to expedite the probe into Richard's death.19-year-old Richard was found dead on his hostel bed at Acharya NRV School of Architecture in Bangalore on April 18. Senior students had allegedly thrashed him inside the hostel complex the previous night.Okram Laaba, a BCA student in the Hindustan College of Arts and Science, Kelambakkam, Chennai too was found dead in his hostel room on June 23 last year, his face covered in a polythene bag.On Saturday, a large number of students belonging to six different organizations vandalized and locked the BJP office in Imphal and made an abortive attempt to take similar action at other political party offices. Police, who foiled the action, pulled up at least 17 student leaders.\"To pressurize the Karnataka government to ensure justice in Richard's mysterious death case, our state unit president Shantikumar Sharma left Imphal for Bangalore today,\" Laimayum Bashanta Sharma, secretary (media affairs) of the state unit party said on Sunday.\"He (Shantikumar) will make all efforts to ensure Richard's death case is handed over to the CBI for which he will call on Karnataka chief minister Sadananda Gowda,\" Bashanta added.Besides putting the matter in both the houses of parliament, the BJP also organized various campaigns on the matter, he said.The angry students, as well as Richard's parents, rubbished his post-mortem report saying his death was due to cardiac arrest owing to a cardiac disease which may have been hereditary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327984", "title": "National Commission for Women seeks solatium fund for rape victims", "text": "KOLKATA: Unhappy with the increasing number of rapes in Bengal, the National Commission for Women (NCW) has asked the state government to introduce a 24x7 helpline for women.In its report to the Bengal chief secretary Samar Ghosh, the NCW expressed alarm at the rising incidences of rape which is the second highest in the country. In April, an NCW member Wansuk Syiem came down to the state to probe a number of rape complaints. Apart from meeting some of the victims, the NCW team discussed certain issues with various NGOs and also held meetings with Kolkata's police commissioner, DGP, chief secretary and chief minister Mamata Banerjee .The visit by the team was triggered by the rape cases at Park Street, Bankura Medical College Hospital and Katwa where a widow was raped. NCW suggested that police vigil be increased. Also, more Women need to be recruited at the police stations so that the victimized women are treated better.The commission feels that the state government should adopt a friendly approach when talking to the victims as there had been complaints against the police for not helping the rape victims. Moreover, the NCW is also unhappy with the poor conviction rate in crimes committed against women. The commission underlined that the investigation officers (IO) need to be sensitized to ensure conviction for the accused and asked police to adopt a neutral stance.It also disapproved of the manner in which Damayanti Sen, joint commissioner (crime) who took a lead role in the Park Street rape case, was shunted out of Kolkata police, before the chargesheet was filed.The NCW asked police stations to make a list of resource persons to support disabled victims. The decision was made after the commission found two differently abled were raped in Marh 2012.The NCW observed that there had been delay in conducting medical tests on the victims in the past. They asked police to file an FIR at the earliest and conduct medical tests to ascertain the charges. Victims shouldn't suffer due to lapse in investigations, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13328472", "title": "'China spying on Dalai Lama's health'", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Tibetan government-in-exile in Dharamshala on Sunday claimed that China is gathering intelligence on the Dalai Lama's health and secretly trying to procure his blood, hair and urine samples.The spiritual leader had recently said that Chinese-trained Tibetan women might try to kill him. Acting Tibetan PM Pema Chinjor said China was trying to get a status report on Dalai Lama's health with a view to harm him through sophisticated drugs and chemicals.\"The intelligence reports make it clear that Tibetan women are being trained to harm the Dalai Lama,\" said Chinjor. The Tibetan government-in-exile also accused an organization, Dorje Shugden Devotees Charitable and Religious Society - founded in 1996 and allegedly responsible for killing three monks close to the Dalai Lama - of conspiring to kill the leader. Chinjor said Shugden supporters were violent and China might use them against the Dalai Lama. \"We've reports that this organization is backed by China and its leaders have visited China several times,\" said Chinjor, adding the Chinese are cultivating Tibetans entering India to harm the leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13334280", "title": "Elephant survives train accident near Deepor Beel", "text": "GUWAHATI: An elephant crossing the railway track at Deepor Beel area, about 15km from here on Saturday night, was hit by a moving train. Though the animal survived and later walked to the Rani-Garbhanga reserved forest, the incident once again brought to the fore the precarious condition of elephants while crossing railway tracks.Forest officials said three elephants were trying to cross the railway track. While two managed to cross, one was hit by the train. \"We flashed red lights to alert the driver to stop as we noticed movement of elephants and The train was travelling at a very low speed when the accident too place. The elephant is seriously injured and it walked back to the forest,\" one guard said.On Sunday, forest staff launched a search for the injured elephant in the reserved forest, but could not trace it yet. A senior railway official however, said the train drivers was following the rules and alert while passing through the elephant habitat. He said that unlike cars, a moving train cannot be stopped instantly and drivers always blow horn to drive away animals from the tracks.This is not the first time an elephant was hit by a train here. Last year three elephants were knocked down to death by speeding train at Deepor Beel. Elephants frequently cross the tracks to reach the Deepor Beel wetland. On Saturday, a herd of 25 elephants spent the entire day in the wetland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328048", "title": "Fruity diet, water splashes help zoo animals beat heat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Summer is here and officials at the zoo are deploying the greatest weapon they have against the scorching heat - water. The number of water coolers has nearly doubled this year to over 80; they offer some respite to animals originally belonging to cooler climes.Large animals are lavishly sprayed with water several times a day while green nets covering cages for shade are soaked in it. Also, pools and moats within enclosures are filled for animals to splash in. But there are even bigger changes afoot.\"We try to keep the animals away from direct sunlight,\" says Riaz Khan, curator, National Zoological Park, Delhi. They are, he says, making the routine changes to diet they make every year - carnivores are getting less meat, herbivores are being fed seasonal fruits, including melons and cucumbers, and everybody gets a slurp of ORS daily. However, the three white tigers belonging to one of the two enclosures for the species will spend at least another month in the holding area while their home undergoes major renovations. Their enclosure is expanding by 50%. The outer wall is nearly done; the inner structures and landscaping are yet to start.The number of white tigers at the zoo had touched 13 around this time last year and officials were finding it difficult to accommodate them. Several have been sent to other zoo as part of exchange programmes since. Most recently, the zoo obtained a pair of wolves from the Jaipur zoo for a female white tiger. The pair is currently in quarantine at the zoo hospital but will make their debut soon.In another attempt to increase the amount of shaded area in the zoo, about 500 saplings of different species including China orange, hibiscus, neem and jamun, have been planted on the zoo premises. These are mainly for the benefit of birds that take up residence at the zoo for the summer, attracted by the regular supply of food, water and shelter. \"They come from places like Rajasthan and even Gujarat,\" says Khan. Over the summer, the zoo is host to the Asian Koel, pond heron, night heron, egret, cormorant, white ibis, blue-throated barbet, woodpecker, magpie and robin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325137", "title": "Vehicles damaged at Warje, four held", "text": "PUNE: Tension prevailed in Ramnagar area of Warje on late Saturday night after a gang of around 20 people smashed the windscreens of 12 vehicles parked on the roadside. According to the Warje-Malwadi police the incident may be fallout of a rivalry between two groups. The miscreants also barged into the house of Vijay Sashte and threatened to kill him.The police on Sunday arrested four persons, following a complaint by Sashte with the Warje-Malwadi police station. The suspects have been identified as Nitin Sapkal (22), Vishal Gaikwad (22), Nitin Jadhav (22) and Mahesh Bhagat (18) all from Warje. Sapkal, Gaikwad and Bhagat are criminals on police record.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Sunil Darekar of the Warje-Malwadi police said around 11.30 pm on Saturday, the suspects forced into Sashte's house and brandishing sharp weapons, threatened to kill him,\" he said.In his complaint, Sashte said one of the suspects tore his shirt and also took away Rs 1,500 which was in his trousers pocket. The suspect then ransacked his house. While leaving, they smashed the windscreen and the windowpanes of the vehicles parked on the roadside.Armed with sharp weapons and iron rods, the suspects broke windscreens of 12 vehicles, including four-wheelers and autorickshaws. They also targeted some two-wheelers. Tension prevailed in the area following the incident.The Warje-Malwadi police immediately rushed the spot to bring the situation under control.To avoid further untoward incident, police deployment was in place at Ramnagar in Warje on Sunday.Investigations have revealed that the incident was fallout of a previous rivalry between two groups. \"Sashte, who has a criminal case registered against him, was part of a group. The suspects attacked him as he had recently left the group to join a rival group,\" Darekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13328736", "title": "Either me or Pinaryi: VS Achuthanandan to politburo", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At a juncture when the CPM can ill-afford it-the Neyyattinkara bypoll is round the corner-V S Achuthanandan has complicated the pitch for the party. VS served the politburo a virtual ultimatum: immediately make changes in the state leadership and constitute an ad hoc committee, or else allow him to relinquish his position as leader of the opposition in the state assembly.In a strongly-worded letter to CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and politburo member Sitaram Yechury, VS said that the state leadership was advocating revisionist policies and promoting intense factionalism within the party, and that %if the present trend continued the party would dangerously distance itself from the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327142", "title": "RTI applicant to get Rs 5,000 compensation for false information", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state information commission has ordered the office of the Goa chief electrical engineer to pay compensation of 5,000 to a citizen who received misleading information to his application under the Right to Information Act.In this context, the Goa state chief information commissioner M S Keny recently noted, \"Harassment of an information seeker by public authorities is not permissible under RTI. Besides, it is socially abhorring.\"The commissioner noted that instead of going for penal provision, the commission is considering \"compensating the appellant for the loss and detriment suffered by him in having to pursue the matter. Secondly, this approach will have a telling effect as it may drastically improve work culture and also change the outlook.\"Ordering the office of the chief electrical engineer to pay compensation of 5,000 to the complainant, the commission also directed that the money be paid from the funds of the electricity department.The case relates to one Vernon Fonseca of Lokhandwala complex in Andheri, Mumbai. In October 2010, Fonseca sought information under RTI from the office of the Goa chief electrical engineer as follows, \"Kindly issue me certified copies of memorandums received by your office from the office of chief minister of Goa, and the office of President of India, as mentioned in your letter dated April 20, 2010. Kindly also issue me certified copies of reports sent to these offices as per your letter dated April 20, 2010.\"In its reply dated November 22, 2010, the office of the chief electrical engineer informed Fonseca that the report was not received from the executive engineer, electricity division VI, Mapusa, till date as such no report was sent to the higher authority. It was also informed that the RTI application was transferred to the executive engineer, division VI, Mapusa for disposal from his end.Even after his first appeal, the applicant was not satisfied. In his submission to the Goa state information commission, he complained that the \"information is incomplete and misleading.\"Having scrutinized the case, the commission held that the actions of public information officer \"amount to furnishing misleading information. The appellant as a result suffered detriment on account of failure to provide correct information. The appellant through his power of attorney holder had to come many a times to the commission with the hope that correct information would be furnished. This naturally caused mental and physical harassment to the appellant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329458", "title": "Film appreciation camp draws fans from across Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The three-day residential film appreciation camp for students held at the Vyloppilly Samskrithi Bhavan here saw participation of movie aficionados from all over the state.The appreciation camp, jointly organized by the Federation of Film Societies of India, Kerala and Bharat Bhavan, Thiruvananthapuram, was attended by nearly 30 students from class VIII to plus-two. Filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan inaugurated the camp on Friday.There were aspiring filmmakers and film critics among the crowd and many who wanted to take film viewing to a more serious plane. \"I want to make a movie some day,\" said Vishnu K V, a plus-two student from Palakkad. \"I hope I can have a deeper insight into movies through this camp,\" he added.Another student, Mukesh M, nurtures the dream of being a film critic. \"I don't want to be a director or an actor. I want to be a film critic,\" he said.The camp began with the screening of Gunnar Vikene's 'The Cinema Ticket', a short film that portrays a little boy's passion for movie-watching and his efforts to make money for the ticket. There were also sessions by film criticsVijayakrishnan on 'history of cinema' and Neelan on 'visual language'. Classes on reading cinema, cinematography and visual composition, other areas of visual media and film literature were held on Saturday.The students also got a chance to see many classical movies like Akira Kurosawa's 'Rashomon' and 'Dreams', Satyajit Ray's 'Pather Panchali', Vittorio De Sica's 'Bicycle Thieves' and Charlie Chaplin's 'Modern Times'. The camp concluded on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331937", "title": "50 years in India", "text": "The Duke of Edinburgh's Award programme was introduced in India in 1962. The award caters to the 14-25 years age-group from all sections of society. It is a self-development programme which equips participants with life skills to make a difference to themselves and their communities.The award allows participants to undertake all three categories of the programme one after the other, or to enter any of the three levels, Bronze award (above 14 years), Silver award (above 15 years) and Gold award (above 16 years). The minimum period of participation is six months for Bronze, 12 months for Silver and 18 months for the Gold level, respectively. Each level has four sections - service, adventurous journey, skills, and physical recreation.The award is popular with students looking to improve their chances of getting admission to top colleges and universities as well as improving their chances in the job market. The aim of the award is to enable every participant to develop an all-round personality . The four sections in each level help in personal growth.\"The award lays stress on doing one activity consistently, be it at any level, as consistent efforts over a period of time helps gain insights and expertise. I was passionate about organising events, and I took it up in my skills section . I got better not only at organising but also improved in areas like communication , interpersonal relations, etc,\" says Shubhda Hirawat, Gold award winner, 2012.After a participant succeeds at a level , s/he receives the Bronze, Silver or Gold badge as applicable, and a certificate bearing the signature of Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh. www.dofe.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13349317", "title": "Air Chief Marshal Browne leaves for France amidst talks for India's largest-ever defence deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as India is in final negotiations to seal its largest-ever defence project, the almost $20 billion MMRCA project to acquire 126 Rafale fighters, IAF chief Air Chief Marshal NAK Browne left for a four-day visit to France on Monday.The French Rafale jet outclassed five other American, Russian and Swedish fighters, in technical and commercial evaluation, to enter the final lap of India's gigantic medium multi-role combat aircraft programme.Moreover, the mid-life upgrade of IAF's 51 Mirage-2000 fighters is also currently underway with the help of French companies in a project that will eventually cost over Rs 15,000 crore.During his visit, ACM Browne will hold talks with Jean-Yves Le Drian, the new French defence minister, Admiral Edouard Guillaud, French chief of defence staff, Ingenieur General de l'Armement (IGA) Laurent Collet-Billon, director-general of the French Defence Technology and Procurement Agency (DGA) and General Jean-Paul Palomeros, chief of staff of the French Air Force.The visit, which aims to expand the already robust bilateral military to military ties between the two countries, would also see the IAF chief visit Cognac, Istres and St.Dizier airbases of the French Air Force (FAF).At St.Dizier, he would be visiting the Rafale Squadron to get a first hand impression of the jet selected by the IAF, as also to see Rafale's Production facilities at Merignac. He would also be interacting with the IAF's project management team members for the Mirage- 2000 Upgrade project.The visit is significant, as it is the first high level official visit from India to France after the new government has taken office in Paris. General Jean-Paul Palomeros, in turn, had visited India during September last year, when he had also visited some of the IAF's air bases including Jaisalmer and Gwalior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332709", "title": "Right time to apply", "text": "Admission for the July 2012 session at Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) has commenced. The university invites applications for its Masters, Bachelors, diploma and certificate programmes.The last date for submission of application forms for Masters of computer application ( MCA), Bachelor of computer application (BCA), Bachelor preparatory programme (BPP) and all certificate programmes is June 15.For other Masters degree programmes , i.e, MA in rural development , tourism management, English, Hindi, philosophy, Gandhi and peace studies, education, public administration, participatory development, economics, history, political science, sociology , psychology, adult education, extension and development studies , gender and development studies, distance education, anthropology , MCom, social work, MSc in dietetics and food services management, counselling and family therapy, library and information science, the last date to apply is July 30 with a late fee of Rs 200 up to August 14.The university also invites applications for its Bachelor degree programmes like BA in political science, history, economics, mathematics, public administration , philosophy, psychology, sociology , English, Hindi, Urdu, tourism studies, social work, library and information sciences, BCom, BSc in physics, chemistry, mathematics, zoology and botany, optometry and ophthalmic techniques, BBA in retailing and all diploma programmes. The last date to apply for these programmes is July 30 with a late fee of Rs 200 up to August 14.Students are required to purchase the 'Student Handbook and Prospectus' from their concerned regional centres or from the Student Registration Division, Ignou, Maidan Garhi, New Delhi-110 068 on payment of Rs 100 in cash at the sale counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13334092", "title": "Wives keep their date with Sabitri Amabasya", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Married women across Odisha prayed and fasted for the well being of their husbands on the occasion of Sabitri Amabasya on Sunday.Even though the life style and thoughts of people have undergone a change with time, many working women made it a point to keep their date with the tradition. \"No matter how educated you are and at what post you are, one cannot forget our tradition and values. I have been observing the festival for the last five years since my wedding. Besides, the rituals keeping a day's fast for your husband is also a way to show your love for him,\" said Unnati Senapati, a bank executive.Women dressed up in their best thronged different temples with fruit thalis. As per popular belief, women live on fruits for the whole day to appease Yamraj (the god of death) and worship Goddess Sabitri.Samapika Das, a software engineer, said, \"I have grown watching my grandmother, mother and aunts observing the festival. Now when I have grown up, despite lack of time and burden of work, I prefer to observe the festival as I believe in it and also to keep the tradition alive.\"Women also gathered under banyan trees in different localities across the city. They also read the legend behind Sabitri brata. Women inmates in the special jail at Jharpada here also prayed for the well being of their spouses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331556", "title": "Aging infrastructure adds to power woes", "text": "Power outages are becoming the order of the day. Every time it pours, the aging energy infrastructure creaks, disrupting power supply to large swathes of the city. Trees falling on live wires is only a small part of the problem. The larger problem is the transformers that burst every time winds blow or the demand peaks.On April 22, several parts of Bangalore plunged into darkness for hours. While the 220 kV transformer that burst in Somanahalli is 30 years old, the station itself is over 40 years old. Peenya too has a 30-year-old functional transformer that goes kaput frequently.Usha Rajshekhar, working woman and resident of RT Nagar, said how she lived on the edge given the precarious power supply position. \"The transformer near my house bursts regularly. It sends a shower of sparks scaring us every time we step out. It is of no use contacting officials because the sparks don't fly when they come,\" she said.Shankar Prasad, a senior citizen from Electronic City, said: \"We have power cuts when it starts to rain. But rarely are we able to reach officials on such occasions,\" he said.THE BLAME GAMEKarnataka Power Transmission Corporation Limited (KPTC) and Bangalore Electrical Supply Company (Bescom) trash all talk of aging infrastructure being responsible for the problems.K Ramakrishna (director technical), Bescom, said: \"The lifespan of poles and transformers is 25 years and they are replaced when they reach their performance limits.\"\"The frequent shutdowns happen only in thickly populated areas where there are transformers and poles over 25 years old,\" he added contradicting himself.\"KPTC has nothing to do with transformers bursting in monsoons. If people are complaining, it must be due to smaller transformers situated on narrow lanes where Bescom is in charge. In very rare cases it is KPTC's fault,\" KPTC managing director Ravi Kumar said.He, however, admitted that it would take nearly a week to repair exploded transformers because of problems like transportation of men and machines. He also blamed other agencies like the BWSSB for digging and damaging their lines. P Manivannan, managing director , Bescom, said trees falling on lines are the main cause of power outages. \"It takes three to six hours to fix the uprooted or tilted poles on which trees have fallen during heavy rain. Cracks in insulators lead to short circuit and the entire line trips. Till the insulator is located, we can't even charge or replace the lines,\" he said.He said Bescom was trying to use Aerial Bunched Cables ( ABC ) which are better insulated and have less chances of cracking in such situations . \"We need to erect more towers , but the right of way always hinders us. People encroach on land earmarked for erecting new towers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329697", "title": "Pachalloor pins hopes on new water tank at Nelliyode", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Nearly thousand households in the Pachalloor area are expecting some respite from summer water woes with the commissioning of a new water tank under the JICA drinking water project at Nelliyode by this month end.The residents of Nelliyode have been forced to go without water every second day during summer for the past many years.\"Life is hard here during summer. The people do not wash, cook or bathe on days when the water cut is implemented,\" said ward councillor M G Krishnaveni.The water from the wells dug up here is not potable because the Karamana river that runs through this area is heavily polluted. \"The people here have no choice but to rely on pipelines for water,\" she added.According to JICA officials, the commissioning of the Nelliyode tank will take place in two weeks' time. The water distribution network under the tank covers three regions -- Thiruvallam, Puchakarri and Pachalloor. \"The construction of the tank is over. However, the pipeline laying work, taken up by JNNURM, is yet to be completed,\" said a JICA official. The JNNURM officials have on the other hand said that 70% of the work has been completed and the pending work would be done within this month.\"We hope that the new tank will bring some relief for our water woes,\" said Krishnaveni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326688", "title": "Bhopal singed at 41.4 degrees Celsius", "text": "BHOPAL: Day temperature in Bhopal climbed to 41.4 degrees Celsius on Sunday, a degree above than the maximum temperature of 40.5 degress C recorded on Saturday.Elsewhere, Rewa, Satna, Sidhi, Khajuraho, Guna and Hoshangabad sizzled at 43 degrees.The officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said barring a few places over east MP where a trough is passing over, same weather conditions would prevail over rest of the state.The maximum and minimum temperatures of the four main cities--Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 42.1 and 25.6 degrees.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 41.4 (00) degrees against a minimum of 27.3 (+1) degrees. In Indore, the maximum temperature was recorded at 40.8 (+1) degrees and a minimum temperature at 25.6 (+2) degrees.The maximum at Gwalior was recorded at 42.1 (00) degrees while 25.8 (-1) degrees was recorded as the minimum temperature. Jabalpur recorded a maximum of 42.0 (00) degrees and a minimum of 26.5 (+1) degrees. The weathermen also recorded trace of rain in Jabalpur. For Monday, the officials foresee cloudy conditions over the city. Meanwhile, discomforting conditions dominated during daytime on Sunday.The vertical sun with humid conditions restrained people from moving out in the afternoon. The hot winds blowing over dominated till evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13344061", "title": "Cocktail promo out on YouTube", "text": "Film makers are using social networking sites in innovative ways to promote and market their films.The online medium had become a means to reach audiences in a quicker manner in order to ensure more views and hits. And director Homi Adajania understands that well. For his upcoming film 'Cocktail' with Saif Ali Khan , Deepika Padukone and Diana Penty in the lead, Adajania has released the film's first promo on YouTube . The promo will also be heavily promoted on social networking site Twitter after which it will hit theatres and TV.Music director Pritam has also managed to do wonders to the music of 'Cocktail' and the first look of the film draws out the chemistry between Deepika, Saif and Diana. A love triangle between three friends, this 'Cocktail' from Homi Adajania comes as a refreshing surprise after his earlier psychological drama 'Being Cyrus' with Saif in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347264", "title": "Satyamev Jayate on the horrors of dowry", "text": "Not all marriages are made in heaven and Aamir Khan into the third episode of 'Satyamev Jayate' highlighted the plight of Indian Brides.The dowry system in India is a heinous tradition that is followed officially/unofficially and women are always the victims. Through the horrifying stories of women subject to this evil, Aamir once again managed tor raise alarm bells in a so called progressing country! With his statistics always in place, Aamir revealed the shocking fact every hour one bride in the country dies due to dowry harassment.Intensely heavy in the first half, 'Satyamev Jayate' took viewers through the lives of many women who courageously spoke about their torture. One such case was that of Komal Sethi from Delhi , who after being tortured to pay a hefty amount to her in-laws and husband, was left to die in the US. Another heart wrenching tale was that of lecturer Nishana from Madurai who not only underwent a cosmetic surgery to please her husband, but also succumbed to the dowry demands of her in-laws and ended up committing suicide.Aamir then brought on the case of Paramjeet Kaur from Jalandhar whose husband fled to Australia with 15 lakhs of rupees that was given by her parents and she was used as a maid in her in-laws house. But there was a ray of hope for this young woman as the Regional Passport Officer from Jalandhar, Parneet Singh, is fighting Paramjeet's case and has decided to impound her husband if he fails to return to India.In what was amusing to hear, Santosh Kumar from Bihar was kidnapped by his in-laws in what is called the 'pakadwaa byaah ' system where a groom in forced to marry his bride in an effort to avoid paying the dowry. Santosh too was forced to marry Ruby but the marriage turned out to be successful.The second half was lighter with Rani Tripathi's sting operation that made viewers want to salute such a brave woman. Hailing from Mumbai , Rani couldn't bare her in-laws demand for dowry and before the wedding could take place, she decided to catch their greed on camera by doing her sting operation. But her dream of being married didn't end there. She found love in musician Pawan Tripathi who came as pleasant surprise on the show.The show applauded the efforts of 'Tanzeem Khuddam E Millat' , an organization from Burhanpur in Madhya Pradesh that started a heartwarming movement in the 1950's wherein weddings would take place only in the early evenings so as to avoid any extra cost on the bride's part and where ceremonies are held in a simple manner without any shor sharaba.Satyamev Jayate ended pleasing with Sona Mahapatra singing 'Ruapiyya' . This episode was received very positively and Aamir's celebrity status encouraged all young women to have the courage to simply say no! His message to the men of the nation was to stand on their own two feet.But can a show apart from highlighting such cases and appealing to viewers really bring about a social change to the lives of women who are subject to this torture? And can a show like 'Satyamev Jayate' change the mindsets of scheming in-laws and husbands?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13334742", "title": "Tempo overturns leaving six injured", "text": "KANPUR: A tempo overturned near musical fountain in Kidwai Nagar, leaving six persons, including the tempo driver injured. The incident took place late on Saturday night when one of the tyres of the tempo got burst while it was moving at a fast speed. The tempo hit an auto which also turned turtle.The Kidwai Nagar police reached the spot and the injured persons were rushed to a private hospital in the vicinity. The vehicle also got badly damaged.The police said that Naubasta resident Shailendra Singh was driving the tempo from Rawatpur to Kidwai Nagar. Eyewitnesses said that the passengers were taken out of the vehicle by the people who assembled there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13325031", "title": "CBSE launches website for academics", "text": "NAGPUR: In an open letter to all affiliated school principals, the CBSE chairman has announced the launch of a new website for the board's academic section.Vineet Joshi writes that the new website (www.cbseacademic.in) has been launched owing to a constant demand from various stakeholders within India and abroad.The CBSE results link on the website would announce CBSE results and students and parents need not look for other links and sites.Similarly, the CTET (Central Teacher Eligibility Test) tab will be a one-stop destination for information on question papers of CTET for the previous year, CTET bulletin and schedule for examination, results of CTET 2012 and various advertisement notices. It also has details on structure, content and syllabus of CTET exam, important information at a glance etc.The new website will provide all necessary information that teachers, students and parents would require. It will include details about the board curriculum, teachers training, textbooks etc, all available at the click of a button.Joshi adds that the CBSE is in the midst of innovation in disseminating its policies and implementing new programmes but in the past years the board's scope of academic activities has increased manifold due to which the website was being launched.He described the website as a platform which will provide insight not only into the academic activities but also objectives, policy initiatives, programs, information, materials and activities, which otherwise might not be easily accessible to all.The academic website will be a source for the latest as well as old publications, including textbooks, support materials, CBSE's quarterly journal CENBOSEC, annual report and even a subsection where one can find the list of latest publications with their price and availability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327249", "title": "Goa set to get a new deputy inspector general of police", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is set to get a new deputy inspector general (DIG) of police. According to home department officials, L V Prasad, who was posted as the deputy commissioner of Delhi Police (DE Cell) has been transferred from the capital to Goa. He is an IPS officer 1997 batch who belongs to the AGMU cadre.Once Prasad takes charge in Goa, the present DIG, Ravindra Yadav, maybe relieved. Yadav had received his transfer orders to Delhi in February 2011, but couldn't move to his new place of posting as he was not relieved from Goa.\"A proposal was moved by former DGP Aditya Arya to the government to relieve DIG Yadav, but the same was struck down by CM Manohar Parrikar after he took charge. DIG Yadav is a non-controversial officer who commands respect from his juniors and seniors alike\", said police sources.Also, SP I B Rani, who is currently with the Delhi police has also been transferred to Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332716", "title": "Spaced out", "text": "Marsha Ivins, former US Astronaut, recently spoke to a gathering of college students on her experiences at NASA. She tells Sarah John that life in outer space has no boundaries\"I become , comfortably numb,\" sang Roger Waters when he got shot with tranquilisers right before a Pink Floyd concert. For a generation that grew up in the West in the '60s and '70s, Floyd's music was the best representation of their collective yearning for a transcendental experience. Among them, some took to spirituality, some experimented with hard drugs, some listened to psychedelic music, while some went to outer space. If you ask Marsha Ivins , an astronaut who feels that weightlessness is a feeling that must be experienced to be believed, she will say that the last idea was the best.Marsha has worked with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), US, for over 30 years and has so far, served on five missions. She distinctly remembers that she was all of 10 when President Kennedy announced the national goal of \"landing a man on the moon and returning him safely to earth.\" In the 1960s, when America was obsessed with space travel, Marsha was in school.\"Classes would be suspended midway so we could listen to radio broadcasts about the first lunar landing. The excitement surrounding space travel at the time was so thick that my entire class wanted to grow up to be an astronaut,\" says Ivins who has so far, clocked 1318 hours of spaceflight and is a self-professed Star Trek fan. \"I spent 10 years of my life in a hurry to grow up and then take a rocket to space,\" she says.To realise her childhood dream of working at NASA, Ivins went on to pursue a degree in aerospace engineering from the University of Colorado. She admits that nothing she learnt at college went a long way in teaching her about space exploration. It was just a means to acquire the qualification necessary to get into the ranks at NASA - something she was desperate to do. \"Today, NASA recruits people from various disciplines for space research. The astronauts on board a space shuttle are a combination of engineers, pilots, physicists and even biologists. Back then, it was very limited; all astronauts were military pilots barring a few physicists. All of them were men,\" she says. Even today, women at NASA continue to be a rare breed although the space agency has made efforts to open its doors to female employees. Among her female colleagues at NASA were India-born Sunita Williams and the Late Kalpana Chawla. \"Sunny is currently under training for her next spaceflight,\" she says, adding, \"I have worked with Kalpana on several missions, we were reviewing hardware together. She was a good friend.\"Ivins is not of the belief that women have it harder when it comes to making good astronauts. \"Outer space is a level playing field. Whether you are a man or a woman, you have to be of a certain height and build to go on spacewalks,\" says Marsha who sadly, being petite didn't qualify for spacewalks, which are the space-suit walks that astronauts undertake when they step outside the spacecraft to undertake responsibilities like repairs. \"On the flip side, because I was small-built , I could go into the smallest sections of the craft that were too tiny for others to enter for retrieving items,\" she says.On board the spacecraft, there are many things to do and an astronaut's work is never over. While working anywhere is hard enough, activity in a zero-gravity environment is that much harder, feels Ivins who, to perform the most basic tasks like eating lunch, taking a bath and going to sleep, had to strap her feet into a pair of belts so that she wouldn't float away in the process.\"We learnt that if you start coordinating your body movements, you could perform a series of fun acrobatics , like mid-air cartwheels and surfing without a board,\" says Ivins on a lighter note.Between making repairs on the spaceshuttle and on the International Space Station, astronauts had to regularly make observations about their own bodily changes which included testing blood samples, to carefully study the effects of zero-gravity on the human body. Whenever there was time though, her favourite hobby was looking out the window. \"We were orbiting fairly close to the earth's surface and were stationed just above the earth's atmosphere. As we were continuously revolving around the earth, we saw 16 sunrises and 16 sunsets every day. In the night, we would see great pools of light over the big cities like New York and London and Paris. We could see three-fourths of the earth at a time, with the sun behind it,\" says Marsha, \"The only thing we couldn't see though, were the boundaries between countries. From that distance, none of the man-made boundaries were visible, geographically, all the countries of the world looked the same,\" says Marsha, who admits to having gone 'comfortably numb' with the experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13351800", "title": "Catching Up with Reece Ritchi &amp; Amara Karan", "text": "How did you get into and connect with the character you played on set and make it your own?Reece : This is a funny question because Atul starts of naive and not very confident at all, he's merely in a shadow of his father which is extremely different to me so I really had to think about what it's like not to have a voice. I went down to the set in Bolton and looked at the environment that Atul was living in and what it was like to live in such a compact house in a small bedroom. I also wanted to nail the accent, so we looked at how the locals in Bolton talk plus the way Amir Khan talks we also went shopping together for costumes then all these pieces slowly drift in and come together and a character is formed!Amara: It's an extremely collaborative thing, it's all about the writer's vision on the play yet it's a linear jump from the play on stage to the actual film. You also have Nigel Coles vision and then you have the actor's vision plus the people you work with have a huge influence. What I did was bring in my personal experiences, I personalised things and thought about how something would affect me in real life. I would go through the script and make notes on key scenes and relate them to my previous memories and photograph it.Acting is brilliant; it can take you to any moment of your life happy or sad. But everybody has different approached towards acting; some people can just have the talent of turning up and going for it whilst others have to carefully read through it and really relate to it.Working with some of the great names in British Indian comedy, it must have been a great vibe on set! How was the atmosphere like shooting the film?Reece: Yeah, we all got on so well, the director Nigel Cole was really cool, he was like one of those gently, cool, hippy, bohemian directors. Meera Syal and Harish Patel were also great to work with it was an awesome atmosphere! Meera Syal is like the nations favorite British Indian comedian, is she as funny in real life as she is on set?Reece : Meera Syal is fantastic but actually serious, not in a bad way at all just extremely professional! She keeps herself to herself; she's not the sort of person to come out with loads of jokes. She's an expert and is really good at getting into character and playing her role.Amara: She made me feel extremely welcome in the house as a daughter in law (laughs) but she actually invited me to be a part of one of her charity projects which I am really excited about. Traditionally in Indian films sex is seen as a type of taboo, it's great how honest and open this film is! Do you think this film helps to reduce this conventional view?Reece: If you imply moving forward then that's insinuating it's backwards, but it's not. Everyone has different perceptions in different cultures. The film isn't and is about sex, you can definitely take your family to go and see this movie after all it's a 12a. There are some things that you don't talk to parents about, in every culture it's not just with Asians. Atul struggles with talking to his dad, and in one scene between him and his father Atul says 'why is it so hard for us to talk about things?' and the father replies 'because you've never wanted to before' then when they do start talking he goes 'how's work' but Atul doesn't want to talk about work, he wants to talk about something else but doesn't have the confidence to talk openly- there is a great miss communication between son and father!Did Meera and Harish give you any tips as they worked on stage in Rafta Rafta ?Reece: It's an unwritten rule you don't tell actors how to act - I think it's out of respect that you just don't tell people. Everyone's got their own piece of the jigsaw puzzle. Harish and Meera were very graceful- but I was the new kid on the block, I really just wanted to find out more, don't forget screenplay is very different to stage play, both were never going to be the same so they were figuring out stuff themselves too.Amara: They were very supportive, they did mention few things but didn't tell us what to do they did say maybe you might want to rethink doing this and gave us other choices. It was really interesting to know what their insights were after doing the play for such a long time, and we knew they were ahead of me in terms of their instinctive choices. There were times were Harish would tell me to 'do things the Indian way' - physically move me around in the scene.You've worked with Peter Jackson before in The Lovely Bones how was adaptation working from supernatural to a more comical film?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327681", "title": "15 years on, Central Industrial Security Forces man gets back job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen years after he was sacked allegedly for being absent from duty for long without intimation, a CISF constable has got his job back. Senior civil judge Ajay Goel has directed the Union home ministry to reinstate Krishan Kumar, saying he was sacked without having been given the opportunity to defend himself and it violated the principle of natural justice.Holding the inquiry proceedings against constable as \"illegal\", the court asked the inspector general and deputy inspector general of Central Industrial Security Forces to give back his job with full back wages with an annual interest of 10% and other consequential benefits.The court also awarded Kumar a minor penalty and ordered withholding his one increment.Kumar was recruited as constable against sports quota with CISF and was asked to prepare for wrestling competitions. He had told the court that in April 1996, during his posting with CISF unit NFL , Nayal Nangal, Punjab, he fell ill due to excessive work load. He said he had immediately informed the officials of the central wrestling team about his condition.He added as his health kept deteriorating, he kept praying for extension of leave, but was told by his superior in 1997 that he has been removed from the services after an ex-parte inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331641", "title": "Here, turning on streetlights is residents\u2019 job", "text": "The city plunging into darkness frequently due to the failure of power utilities is one side of the story. The other side is the streets of the city remaining in darkness despite the availability of power, thanks to the BBMP's failure to switch on streetlights every evening.Come to VIII Main Road, LIC Colony, Jeevan Bima Nagar. Streetlights in this posh locality are not turned on at least for a couple of hours after darkness creeps in. Several complaints to the authorities have failed to change the situation.BCS Rao and Latha Rao, in their 60s, have now taken it upon themselves the responsibility of switching on the streetlights at the right time. They use two ends of a wire to enable the fuse and turn on the streetlights. \"If a person or organization designated to do a work for you does not do it on time, or behaves in a lackadaisical manner, you have no choice but to do it yourself,\" Lata told TOI.\"The man who has to switch on the streetlights comes in only by 8 pm. What use are streetlights if they are not on when it matters most? So we started doing the job ourselves. The pole is right next to our house. When we are home, My husband or I do this work,\" she said.The residents are not deterred by the fact that what they do is a dangerous job as even a minor slip up can end up handing them electric shocks. The callousness of the authorities is also reflected in the switchgear to turn the streetlights on going missing. In the absence of a switch, two ends of a live wire are used to complete the circuit, resuming power supply to the streetlights.Fortunately, there has been no accident . There are 12 houses on one side of the road and a large field on the other side. There are four streetlights , enough to light up the street and the area.With a field on one side, the houses on the road are vulnerable to break-ins and thefts. Knowing the ramifications of a dark street, residents walk up to the pole as dusk sets in and connect the two live wires till sparks literally fly and lights are turned on.Last week, it rained heavily one evening leaving power supply in a disarray. Residents had to bear with darkness inside their houses, and outside as well. Although power supply was restored in their houses, the street remained dark throughout the night.\"No one dared to touch the wires, knowing that it could have severe implications . The lineman too did not appear to turn it on, after the rain,\" said Bina Prabhu, another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13334029", "title": "Hubli-Electricity Supply Company on mission to save energy", "text": "HUBLI: In a bid to shore up power deficiency that is crippling the state, Hubli-Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) has decided to launch an innovative programme to save energy in north Karnataka region.Hescom is all set to take the message 'save energy' to each door step of consumers in seven districts - Dharwad, Haveri, Gadag, Karwar, Bijapur, Belgaum and Bagalkot.The programme will be held in all the seven districts with an intention of motivating people to save energy and avoid wastage of energy in their homes, working places, factories etc. throughout the year.Demand side management wing of the Hescom has taken initiative in launching this educational programme to reach out to the customers.\"This programme is designed to inculcate the habit of saving energy among people. An NGO has been vested with the responsibility to create awareness among the public, students and farmers to save energy,\" Pankaj Kumar Pandey, managing director, Hescom, said.After calling tender, the work has been allotted to the NGO, which is now busy organizing awareness programmes.\"As part of the initiative, seminars, lectures, drawing competitions, essay writing competitions and other activities will be held at schools and colleges. The student community will be educated on the need to save energy for future generations,\" he said.There are plans to involve local artists and theatre personalities and organize street plays in rural areas, Pandey added.Rallies will be organized in villages to educate farmers to use only energy-efficient pumpsets of good quality. People will be asked to use solar lights and CFL bulbs which help save energy considerably.The programme will be launched from Friday in all villages and taluks of seven districts for an year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13327173", "title": "Pernem Municipal Council workers threaten stir if salaries not paid", "text": "Mapusa: Angry workers-common cadre, permanent and daily wage-of the Pernem Municipal Council (PMC) threatened to stage a protest if their salaries continue to remain unpaid.The about 20 workers at the PMC, who said they have not been paid since February, added that their pleas to the authorities in charge have fallen on deaf ears.PMC chairperson Vasudev Deshprabhu attributed the delay in the disbursement of salaries to the \"negligence\"of the then chief officer, Tushar Halarnkar.\"The chief officer had not signed the cheques to release the salaries. He acted as if he was above the chairperson, which is wrong,\" Deshprabhu said.The aggrieved workers said that during the last month they had also met local MLA and speaker of the Goa legislative assembly Rajendra Arlekar with their grievances, besides submitting a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar and urban development minister Francis D'Souza. This did not help, they complained.Deshprabhu said that he has taken up the matter with panchayat minister Laximikant Parsekar and Parrikar. \"Halarnkar created an artificial scarcity. Funds are available at the disposal of the municipality, but he was refusing to release them,\" Deshprabhu added.Deshprabhu said that the problem had escalated because of the election code of conduct and the no-confidence motion moved against Halarnkar.Presently, Pernem deputy collector and SDM Meena Naik Goltekar has been given the charge of chief officer.\"Goltekar is yet to take over the responsibility completely, the transfer of files and specimen of signatures is in the process. Hopefully, the problem will be resolved next week and the workers will get their salaries,\" Deshprabhu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13335019", "title": "Navodaya Vidyalayas help poor students", "text": "KANPUR: Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas, spread across semi-urban parts of the state, have helped poor students to realize dreams of graduating from the IITs. These vidyalayas are meant for students, who come from poor social segment but at the same time good in studies. Run by government, Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalayas provide free education. Those with a zeal to scale heights and with a bent of mind towards education, are selected by the institutions after a round of entrance test. The students are taught the basics of mathematics, science and chemistry to graduate them into masters of the subject. This platform helps the students to successfully compete in the joint entrance examination.TOI came across some of such students, who, despite having some or the other problem, successfully cracked the JEE, the results of which were declared on Friday. The students attributed their success to JNV teachers, who encouraged them to work hard for getting into IITs. These bright students have been a part of GAIL Utkarsh programme, a programme run by GAIL India Limited, conducted under the mentorship of Bihar DGP Abhyanand, who had started such an initiative in the city three years back.Sanjeev Kumar , Ravi Kumar, Ranjeet Kumar, Virendra Patel and Nandini Sahu were the alumni of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya where they battled with their misfortune and cracked the JEE.The talented lot attributed their success to the teachers of JNV.Sanjeev, who hails from a small village in Ballia district and studied in Navodaya Vidyalaya, said that he has seen days of extreme struggle as the only earning member of his family Kailash Ram left for heavenly abode when he was a young boy. His elder brother Santosh is preparing for civil services examination and the other one is studying in ITI. The two take care of half a 'bigha' of land which is the only source of income for the family. But Sanjeev's inclination towards study and coming to know that no fee is charged in Jawahar Novadaya Vidyalaya, his family members decided to educate him. The lad has AIR 268 in JEE in the ST category. Now he wants to pursue mechanical engineering from IIT-Kharagpur.When asked when did he begin his preparation for IIT-JEE, Sanjeev said that he had been given vision for cracking JEE when he entered into class XII.Ranjeet Kumar, who secured AIR 312 in JEE in SC category also hails from Ballia. He completed his schooling from Jawahar Navodya Vidyalaya. Ranjeet's father is a small farmer and does cultivation on two 'bighas' of land. He has two elder brothers who support father in farming. It is through this collective effort, the family is able to earn Rs 3,000 per month, which is not sufficient to make two ends meet properly.\"I am thankful to my teachers at school and the ones who taught me in the super 100 programme. I owe my success to my teachers,\" said Ranjeet.Ranjeet is a meritorious student and had bagged 91.2% in class X and 85.4% in class XII. He got selected for IIT in second attempt.Same are the stories of Ravi Kumar and Virendra Patel, natives of Azamgarh and Pratapgarh districts. Ravi has studied in GIC Inter College in Pushpanagar. Virendra has completed his schooling from Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya. Having secured AIR 812 in JEE in SC category, Ravi is now on cloud nine. Ravi's father Vinod Kumar is a small farmer and has less than one 'bigha' of land. Despite having a meagre income, Vinod got his son educated.Now Ravi, having done his parents and Azamgarh proud, wishes to opt for electrical engineering from any of the IITs which he would get during counselling.Virendra Patel wishes to opt for mechanical engineering branch from IIT-Kanpur. His father is also a farmer and has a small piece of land on which he does farming to earn livelihood.The family manages its living in Rs 2,500 but was always aware of the importance of studies. This ensured that Virendra was admitted into Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya and the boy proved his mettle.Virendra gives credit of his success to his school teachers as they made them aim for IIT. He also thanked his teachers at the GAIL programme. He had secured 89.2% in class XII last year. Virendra managed to bag 328 AIR in JEE in OBC category and made everyone proud of him especially his parents.Nandini Sahu, a girl candidate, secured 1417 AIR in JEE in OBC category. Her success in IIT-JEE is enough to inspire the girls who prepare for different competitive examinations.Nandini, a native of a village in Akbarpur in Kanpur Dehat has also been a student of Navodaya Vidyalaya in Faizabad. The father of the meritorious girl has accompanied her daughter to city to see the JEE results. She gives credit of her success to teachers of Navodaya Vidyalaya who taught her the basics of science to crack JEE. The proud girls that now she would take care of her family which has been struggling for years. She aims to pursue engineering course from IIT-Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13329233", "title": "Shankar's family says politicians have forgotten how to value arts", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after MPs raised a furore over an Ambedkar cartoon drawn by Shankar in an NCERT textbook, the legendary cartoonist's family members lashed out at politicians for creating a controversy at the expense of real issues.Speaking to TOI, Shankar's daughter-in-law Alaka said, \"This is ridiculous. The people making the cartoon a controversy have forgotten how to value the arts.\"Referring to Shankar's work, she said, \"He lampooned without malice. He had a great sense of humour.\"Did he get adverse reactions from his subjects? \"Sometimes, but nobody scared him.\" Shankar's son Ravi also expressed disappointment at the turn of events.There were many national leaders who really liked to see themselves in the cartoons published in 'Shankar's Weekly', Alaka said. According to her, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had become an admirer of Shankar even in the 1930s.In a biography of Shankar written by Alaka, she said a decade before India became free, Nehru had noted, \"We are apt to grow pompous and self-centred, and it is good to have the veil of our conceit torn occasionally. I hope Shankar will long continue to enlighten and amuse us.\"She added, \"Such was Shankar's close rapport with both Nehru and his daughter Indira Gandhi that on Nehru's 60th birthday, Indira visited the Shankar's Weekly office and selected the originals of about 20 cartoons on Panditji, had them mounted and gave them to her father as a birthday gift.\"Dr S Radhakrishnan, well known educationist and a former president, once patted Shankar on the back and said, \" Well done\" even though Shankar had tweaked his ears in his cartoon, recalled Alaka.How would Shankar have reacted to this brouhaha? Alaka has the last word, \"I think Panditji and Ambedkarji would have been laughing their heads off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13334512", "title": "2-year-old girl loses hand in Mandya; parents blame doctors", "text": "MANDYA: Alleged negligence on the part of doctors at Mandya Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) cost Harshita, 2, her right hand. The girl's parents claim that prolonged negligence led to this tragedy.Harshita was admitted to MIMS a week ago with mild fever and fatigue. The doctors administered glucose and injections in both hands. A day later, Harshita's mother Nagamma found the girl's left hand had swollen and the skin turned blue.She immediately informed duty doctor Dr Narendrababu, who advised her to wrap the child's hands with a wet cloth and assured her that the swelling would vanish in a day. Harshita was discharged from hospital. However, when the swelling increased and the child complained of intense pain, Harshita's father Karitimmegowda took her back to hospital. Dr Narendrababu examined the child and asked the parents to take the child to Mahaveer Jain Hospital in Bangalore.In Bangalore, doctors told Karitimmegowda that acute gangrene had developed in the child's hand and the affected part was to be immediately removed to save the child. Harshita was operated on and her hand removed.Shell-shocked, Karitimmegowda returned to MIMS last Monday, and sought an explanation from the doctors. A scuffle ensued between the doctors and relatives of the child in the hospital. Her uncle Gavisiddegowda told TOI that doctors had requested them not to lodge a police complaint, and were ready to compensate the family for their negligence. \"It was sheer medical negligence. How can a child who got admitted with fever and fatigue lose her hand due to gangrene?\" he asked. If the doctors backtracked from their assurance of giving compensation, a police complaint would be lodged against them, he added.However, Dr Narendrababu who treated Harshita, refuted charges of medical negligence. He said that while treating the child, he noticed a swelling in her right arm after administering glucose and vaccines. He immediately removed the syringes from the hand and asked Nagamma to wrap the arm with a wet cloth.\"Gangrene could be because of negligence on the part of the surgical department or the parents. The allegations are politically motivated and an attempt to falsely implicate me,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325830", "title": "Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited to get 500 new buses, 2,500 employees", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) will have 500 news buses and manpower of 2,500 by the year end. Leaders of PMC, PCMC along with PMPML directors took a decision about new buses in a meeting held in the city on Friday.\"There is a major need for new buses in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. So leaders of both the municipal corporations had called a meeting with guardian minister Ajit Pawar on Friday. It was decided to buy 500 buses. The procurement will be completed in four to five months,\" said Prashant Jagtap, director of PMPML.Jagtap said that out the 500 buses, the PMC will buy 300 buses while the PCMC will buy 200. The buses should start plying by December. A green signal to raise the funds was given in the meeting.Public transport system in the twin cities needs nearly 3,000 buses. The PMPML has nearly 1,650 buses at present, out of which 450 are off the road due to various reasons. So, on an average only 1,200 buses are plying.Jagtap said that along with procurement of buses other issues like recruitment and restructuring of PMPML routes were also discussed during the meeting. The PMPML has decided to restructure all the 330 bus routes in the city for better management of services.\"Looking at the increasing infrastructure, there is a need of nearly 2,500 people. These include drivers, conductors, support staff, ground staff, mechanics and other staff. Officials and leaders present in the meeting gave a green signal to recruitment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13333339", "title": "Muzaffarpur gets power for only 20 minutes in last 24 hours", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Normal life came to a standstill in Muzaffarpur as almost the whole town received electricity for a total of 20 minutes in the last 24 hours, first due to a breakdown in Bela-Mescot line and then due to a duststorm that lashed Muzaffarpur on Saturday evening. The severe power crisis is prevailing in the town for the last five days ever since breakdown in NTPC's Farakka and Talcher units resulted in the return of the lantern and 'hathpankha' age.The Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) spokesperson, Hareram Pandey, informed here on Sunday afternoon that a major breakdown had developed in Motipur feeder after the duststorm. Snags were being rectified and it was expected that the situation would gradually improve. The BSEB spokesperson claimed that only parts of Muzaffarpur town had been hit by the breakdown. However, Muzaffarpur was getting 30MW of power on Sunday afternoon, he claimed.In fact, Muzaffarpur normally needs a supply of at least 125MW of power in peak hours during summer whereas currently it is getting only 25MW. Naturally, the consumers are having to suffer.More than one lakh people living in Aghoriya Bazar, Mescot, Paraopkhar, Satpura, Mithanpura and Kalambag Road were already getting power for a total of three to six hours per day for the last five days and the breakdown in Bela-Mescot line has increased their trouble.The snag was repaired in four hours. However, when power supply was restored, it lasted only 10 minutes. Again, as soon as power was restored at about 9 pm, a duststorm followed by moderate rain caused the crisis which continued till 6 pm on Sunday.The power crisis and the duststorm also resulted in the total breakdown in BSNL mobile phone for the last 20 hours. Water crisis has also hit many areas of the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13326847", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation floats tenders just ahead of monsoon", "text": "INDORE: Efforts of Indore Municipal Corporation ( IMC) to make city free from water logging seem too little, too late. The civic body has taken up the work to lay storm water line in the city now, when the arrival of monsoon is only two months away. Considering the previous work record of municipal corporation, it may not be possible to put the storm water line project of Rs 4.7 crore in place before monsoon. As of now, most parts of the city don't have storm water line and during the last monsoon, a major part of the city had faced water logging problem.Public Works Department in-charge Jawahar Mangwani said that tender has been called for stormwater line and work will begin soon. However, he could not explain why tender was issued just before the monsoon and how will they manage to complete the works in such a short span of time.In the past, western part of the city faces serious problem of water logging, and now with met department's prediction of good monsoon, civic body has taken initiative to address the issue. Around two dozen areas have been identified in six wards of the city where work will be taken up in the first stage. However, the move failed to impress the residents who believe that they will suffer again due to lacklustre attitude of civic body.Sheetal Sharma of Telephone Nagar said that last year their colony was water-logged for more than a week. Civic officials had then promised that storm water line will be laid soon. Entire year past, but nothing has been done till now.Prabhat Mishra of Bengali Square said that met department's prediction of good monsoon has put them under stress. It may pour troubles for us, he added.The stormwater line project is likely to be implemented in Krishnabagh Colony, Paliwal Nagar, Sheetal Nagar, Utakarsh Vihar, near Velocity Mall, Gurudev Residency, Telephone Nagar, Adarsh Nagar, Bajaj Compound, Paliwal Nagar, Bengali Square, Ring Road, Rajeev Gandhi Square and certain areas of AB Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13326129", "title": "Fear rules the roost in Bhamragarh", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite the presence of sizable number of security forces, the fear of Naxalites that is ruling the roost in Bhamragarh in South Gadchiroli. After a spate of kidnappings and killings by the rebels, several civic body representatives and local politicians are learnt to have started staying away from their villages.Some of the targeted persons are even sleeping at their relative's places in neighbouring villages. \"Some have shifted to different tehsils and seldom come home to meet their families,\" said a local source. The Naxals had jolted Bhamragarh early this year with cold-blooded murder of former Panchayat samiti chief and president of block Congress committee Bahadurshah Alam. The Naxals further left a tremor in the tehsil after they shot dead their ex-cadre Pawan Kumar Bhalavi, husband of the former panchayat samiti chairperson Girija, in April.Emboldened Naxals also had whisked away local tehsildar SG Kawadgade while he was on his way to Gadchiroli for a meeting at the collector's office. Kawadgade was later set free but the incident may have prompted his decision to opt for voluntary retirement from service. It is now learnt that the several other local politician-turned-elected local body members too are on Naxal radars. The rebels have also ensured that some of their targets were made known about their being on their hit-list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13348734", "title": "Kamaljeet's love for letters", "text": "She's a post graduate in Clothing and textiles but has a great fascination for letters and water colors. Inspired by Guru Granth Sahib, she excells in Punjabi Gurbani calligraphy while compiling English and Hindi calligraphy as well.Brought up in Meerut, Ludhiana based artist Kamaljeet Kaur was not acquainted with Punjabi in the earlier phase of her life but learnt it and now loves the language so much that she wants to promote it in the whole world. Source: Rane Kaur, Punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13327061", "title": "Judge unhappy with rights commission' infrastructure", "text": "MARGAO: Expressing displeasure over the infrastructure for the Goa state human rights commission (GSHRC), former chief justice of Patna high court and GSHRC chairman Justice Praful Kumar Mishra said that the ratio of courts and judges should ideally be more proportionate to the number of cases.Justice Mishra was informally talking to media persons on the sidelines of a workshop organized by Asha family responsibilities and rights association on 'Is Justice Delayed and Denied?'When asked about the state of affairs at GSHRC, Mishra said that since it was formed in March 2011 they were operating from a room in the office of Goa public service commission and that they were forced to hold hearings at the Panjim circuit house. \"The chief minister has assured to look into the matter,\"added Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13328092", "title": "Mamata Banerjee's video goes viral in social media", "text": "KOLKATA: A video clip of a fuming Mamata Banerjee walking out of a talk show on national television after calling students \"CPM cadres and Maoists\" went viral in social media over the weekend, spelling a public relations disaster for the ruling party and the chief minister herself.Trinamool Congress managers had a torrid time defending the CM as public opinion flowed freely on Facebook and Twitter. People in the city, across India and various parts of the world expressed shock, surprise, anger and exasperation at the CM's vitriolic attack on students seated among the Town Hall audience for 'Question Time Didi', an interactive session organized by CNN-IBN. There was no official word from the government but it was perhaps the mood in cyberspace that prompted the Trinamool to choose the same platform to make itself heard. Spokesperson and Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien led the party's damage-control exercise online and rued that a few mistakes were being \"amplified\" at the cost of the government's good work.But with the channel airing the programme on Friday and Saturday and the internet video playing across office-rooms, coffee-table meets and in hundreds of households as people shared, tweeted and retweeted the link, there was little the Trinamool managers could do. The stunned look on Taniya Bhardwaj's face, as the CM castigated her, said much more about the state of Bengal than the sugar-coated explanations the Trinamool offered.Taniya, a political science student, told TOI on Saturday, \"I come from Presidency, and we have always been encouraged to question. Politicians have several tools. The CM could have refused to answer my question. But she didn't do that, and she labelled me and several of us, and it didn't help her at all. It made me the centre of attention, which I didn't want.\"During the discussion at Town Hall last Friday, Taniya had merely wanted to know whether Trinamool leaders like Madan Mitra and Arabul Islam should act more responsibly. But the CM thundered back, \"You are a CPM cadre. There are 50 people in the audience and you have been picked to ask these sorts of questions. You have narrowed down the discussion to only three points. The CPM and Maoists have come together and are planting stories. They are Maoist students. I refuse to answer such questions. I will reply to the common man. You belong to the SFI cadre.\" Then, she took off her lapel microphone and walked out.On Saturday, the programme's anchor and CNN IBN's deputy editor Sagarika Ghose wrote on Twitter, \"Special Branch calls CNNIBN Kolkata and asks for the telephone numbers of kids.\" She added, \"Taniya's a rockstar. Really can't figure how a question about that Park Street rape case makes one a Maoist!\" Ghose was back on Twitter on Sunday to allay fears of any police action against the students. \"Big relief! TMC and WB govt: No action whatsoever will be taken against the students on our show. Nothing to worry,\" she tweeted. Kolkata Police special commissioner Shivaji Ghosh, too, said he was wasn't aware of any police action.But even as the state machinery tried to make the right noises, Trinamool leaders were peppered with questions about the safety of Taniya. \"Can u assure me your Govt will not take action agst Taniya,\" said a tweet addressed to O'Brien. \"Action? Perish the thought,\" was O'Brien's reassuring reply. Taniya, too, said she hadn't received any phone call from \"anyone that scared me\". \"There weren't any police enquiries or anything that made me feel I did anything wrong. My friends and relatives have only said they are happy and proud,\" she said, adding, \"She (Mamata) had the opportunity to woo people our age at the show. But she became impulsive and angry at someone like me, who would possibly be half her age.\"The Trinamool's firefighting began with a barrage of tweets from O'Brien. One said, \"Dignified silence taken as weakness on Twitter\". Another said, \"CNN-IBN has a 40 min 1 on 1 interview with West Bengal CM recorded in her office. No promos, no snippets, not a word out of the channel ... Promise: Audience reflecting all shades of opinion in Bengal. Delivery: Lazy pickings from 2, 3 colleges. Is channel rigour only for Delhi? There's a diff between legitimate, tough questioning &amp; an ambush. Channels don't try this with chums in Delhi. Grassroot leaders easy game? Earthy politicians are human &amp; will show emotion. If you want actors who play by anchor's rules, stick to interviewing Delhi-based 'leaders\".But as the reactions poured in, O'Brien softened. A tweet by @Ssarwahi said, \"We're not media who want to convict politicians. Admit mistake move on.\" O'Brien replied, \"Agree. That's y CNN-IBN given 1on 1 intv after incident.\" He then put this in context, \"First anniv of bengal govt 3 to 4 mistakes get amplified. But good work? Read abt the work &amp; then decide for yourself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332052", "title": "It\u2019s all about the challenge", "text": "The first Indian to have completed the Polar Trilogy - having skied to North and South Pole and across Greenland Icecap - Ajeet Bajaj had the proud privilege of unfurling the Indian flag at the South Pole on Republic Day (January 26, 2007). \"It's all about the challenge. Why else would one climb a mountain or freeze in the ice?\" says Bajaj, managing director of Snow Leopard Adventures. The honorary director of Himalayan Environmental Trust and a fellow, Royal Geographical Society, Bajaj was awarded the Padma Shri in March 2012, for his contribution to adventure sports.Introduced to the outdoors at an early age by his father, he pursued his passion for travelling and adventure through school and college. On completing his graduation from St Stephen's College, he decided to take a year off and travel six countries working, trekking, rafting and also taking instructor courses in adventure sports. On returning to India, Bajaj decided to follow his heart and set up Snow Leopard Adventures, the first ISO certified company for adventure tourism. \"In 1990, no one had heard about adventure tourism but my family was very supportive. I consider myself lucky to get the opportunity to turn my hobby into a profession,\" he says.He adds, \"In this profession, you need to know your subject well and be willing to work hard. You also need the business acumen to start and manage an enterprise and develop a certain mindset which can drive you through tough times.\" Bajaj also skied across Greenland, from the West to East coast, a distance of 550 kms, with his 17-year-old daughter (see photo), as part of an Indo-American team last year. According to Bajaj, \"Gone are the days when the sector was in its nascent stage; now it's all about the boom. India can lead the race in adventure tourism because it works as a onestop destination for adventure seekers as it has varied landscapes. Even Indians are seeking adventure and a break from the mundane, and form two-third of our client base.\" He feels there is a need for more institutions to provide quality training and professional development.A part of the company's vision is to work with schools. Reiterating the importance of making children value the outdoors, Bajaj says the school programmes are a blend of cultural immersion, leadership values, bonding with nature and adventure sports. Recently, the company tied up with the Shri Ram School and Aspen Institute India on summer leadership programme.\"The two-week residential programme for students of classes IX-XII will enable students to develop skills to become leaders of tomorrow, to enlighten within them a desire to move from thought to action and from success to significance,\" he elaborates.The programme, to be held from May 26 to June 9, is open to all children across India and will have an intake of 50 students. It will take place at a camp-site close to Rishikesh, near the Ganges. \"The programme will use a blend of Socratic dialogue, experiential learning, motivational lectures, adventure sports and other activities,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13331585", "title": "Ultimatum to hospitals on biomedical waste disposal", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is a warning bell for all hospitals and healthcare units in the city. The BBMP has issued an ultimatum to units coming under 13 different categories and producing biomedical waste to submit copies of the agreement they have entered into with licensed collection and processing units before May 30. The units have also been asked to obtain trade licence from the Palike by the same deadline.The BBMP's fear that healthcare units have been mixing biomedical waste with municipal waste, posing serious health and environmental pollution hazard has prompted the ultimatum. Ramki or Maridi have been licensed to collect and process biomedical waste by the BBMP.The health units which fail to abide by the rules will be penalized and closed down under Section 353 of the KMC Act 1976, the BBMP has warned.A survey of 1,844 private health units (80% of the health sector in the city), revealed that only 30% had obtained No Objection Certificate from the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB). Worse, only 706 (38%) hospitals had licences from BBMP in 2010. However, since then, the BBMP has pursued the matter with many private healthcare units and now covered over 70% of the health sector.BLAME ON SPAS TOO\"It is the spas and day clinics that are the main culprits. There are over 650 of daily care centres which are 10-bed hospitals. The Lok Adalat has asked us to include the clinics working on alternative therapies as well. Warning letters have been sent to 960-odd healthcare units. The spas offer bathing service to their customers and the water that goes into the drainage will be mixed with oil,\" said Dr Devaki Umesh, nodal officer for trade licence and scientific disposal of biomedical waste in BBMP.BBMP's zonal health officers have already initiated action against the health units that have not obtained licence. From June 1, officials will inspect the healthcare units. Those who have failed to comply with the norms will have to face the music, said Devaki.Speaking on implementation of the guidelines, Dr H Paramesh, director, Lakeside Medical Centre and Hospital, and chairman, Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Association (PHANA), said: \"The members of PHANA are following the guidelines for the past three years. We segregate disposal into two categories and dispose it of with government appointed agencies. We are being charged about Rs15,000 for three years by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) and we also pay charges to the biomedical waste collection agencies.\"\"Big hospitals in the city follow government guidelines, but we really need to look at small nursing homes and government hospitals. The government hospital in Yeshwantpur is known for throwing away all the waste on the road outside, which is a market . Such a practice can prove hazardous,\" said Dr Meenakshi Bharath, practising physician and social activist.\"We take utmost care that general public is not put at any kind of risk. We also put signage on the bags to make the disposal easier. We also use sodium hypochloride to disinfect the micro-biological waste,\" said Dr Sunil Rao, general manager, Columbia Asia Hospital, Yeshwantpur.Spas, on the other hand, too claimed that they are making arrangements to dispose of the waste they generate. \"We have tied up with the local garbage collector. We pay them Rs 500 per month. We also have a licence from the BBMP,\" claimed Kala Nehete, owner of Aroma Home Spa, Whitefield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346383", "title": "Madonna wished to become US President", "text": "Madonna thinks she would do a great job as President of the United States because she would stop the country splashing cash on \"weapons of mass destruction\".\"You can't really change much in one day. I think I would like to be president for a longer time. I wouldn't spend as much money for weapons of mass destruction but instead for education and art,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying when asked what she would do if she was President of the United States for one day.Although she has achieved worldwide success, Madonna's ambition and drive has not diminished over the years.The 53-year-old singer attributes her success to her thirst for reinvention and never taking ''anything for granted\".\"It's harder to stay famous than become famous. I don't think there's a rule for that (staying successful). You have to really love what you're doing. \"You have to feed your soul with ideas and you're not allowed to stop growing as a human. That's what helps to create art. When it comes to my work I don't take anything for granted,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329114", "title": "Kerala\u2019s own Aadhaar project on the anvil", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state revenue department is planning a Unique Thandaper Number (UTN) for land owners to provide a one-stop solution to government services and also to curb fake ownership of real estate.The UTN -- designed on the lines of the Aadhaar project -- will be rolled out on a pilot basis in Palakkad, Kannur and Pathanamthitta districts once it gets the Centre's nod.The state has already submitted the proposal to the Centre for financial assistance.\"We have submitted a Rs 19 crore proposal and held discussions with Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh. The Centre is keen on going ahead with the project,\" revenue minister Adoor Prakash told TOI.The 10-digit UTN will be embossed on a card similar to the ATM card. It will have identification and other details of the cardholder. \"The card, when swiped, will provide all the details and can be used as a substitute for documents required for authentication of a citizen in government offices, banks, etc,\" Prakash said.These cards will be issued, on payment of a prescribed fee, only to those owning land in the state.\"The basic idea is to link the details of various departments together to prepare the personal database of an individual,\" K B Valsalakumari, additional chief secretary, revenue department told TOIThandaper is a number assigned to a person in the land register of a village office.The lack of a central database for land ownership in 63 taluks in the state helps gives individuals certain degree of freedom to overcome the Land Reforms Act. Linking the land data and assigning the UTN would curb any attempt to circumvent the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325261", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation to impart training to 1L people in tourism sector", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) will train as many as one lakh workers in the organized and unorganized sectors related to tourism.From guides to taxi drivers, life guards to rickshaw drivers and restaurant staff to mechanics, the MTDC would work on chiselling their behavioural skills and providing a formal technical know-how of their profession. Training workforce in these sectors will go a long way in appeasing the tourists coming to the state.The skill upgradation is a part of the National Skill Development Mission (NSDM) in Maharashtra and is aimed at helping tourists coming to the state.MTDC general manager Kishori Gadre said, \"The tourism industry is growing at an unprecedented rate and many in the sector are not formally trained. Workforce in the lower rung of the organised sector and those in the unorganised sector do not receive any training in their vocation. Our focus will be on training lifeguards and guides. Since MTDC is not a training body, it will facilitate the process.\"Gadre said that well-trained and well-behaved guides, taxi drivers and others (who deal with tourists directly) will cultivate a positive attitude among tourists. \"The Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management (IITTM), Goa, has been roped in to take this initiative forward. Besides, trainers from other institutes will be deployed,\" said Gadre, adding that the budget for the initiative will be huge. However, he could not give a figure on the same.MTDC managing director Jagdish Patil said, \"Private and government institutes will be engaged to impart training. Modules spanning two to four weeks have been planned. A part of the unemployed section will also be trained using modules of longer duration.\"Patil said that as part of the skill upgradation initiative, as many as 45 lakh people will be trained in 10 different departments in the state, of which tourism is one. \"Before choosing the trainees, we need to select the sectors in tourism from which they will be shortlisted. For instance, hospitality, food and beverage, housekeeping, tour operators and the like,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13330106", "title": "Goddess \u2018warns\u2019 against polluting her shrine", "text": "MANALI: Saying that encroachments, pollution and littering near the temple is not worth forgiving, goddess Hadimba, the presiding deity of Manali, on Sunday warned residents, who had gathered at her ancient temple on Sunday, of more calamities.A 500-foot-high deodar tree collapsed near Hadimba Devi temple and killed two and injured five persons on Friday. The goddess stressed on the need to preserve the environment. Old Manali panchayat pradhan Hukum Ram said goddess Hadimba has indicated that the peaceful jungle around her temple should be vacated soon. \"The goddess has warned of more such happenings and has denied accepting modern changes in the temple surroundings,\" he said, adding that the authorities concerned shall definitely try to do away with pollution.Earlier this month, many deities of Kullu had warned residents to stop extracting herbs from the jungles, reasoning that rash extraction of forest wealth was unbalancing the life cycle. In fact, in the recent past there have been many instances of local gods and goddesses \"intervening\" to decide issues of public interests. So much so that some deities have also \"spoken\" against power projects in their areas of influence.Kullu valley has this ancient tradition of local deities \"communicating\" with people though temple priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346585", "title": "Indonesian police to end uncertainty over Gaga''s concert", "text": "Indonesian national police will terminate uncertainty over American pop diva Lady Gaga''s concert in the capital this week, police spokesman Boy Rafli Amar said on Monday.The spokesman said that officers had been studying all of the concert requirements, which promoter Big Daddy Entertainment had submitted. \"We will announce our final decision this week,\" he was quoted by the Jakarta Post as saying.Although the Jakarta Police said that they would recommend the National Police not to issue a permit for the performance, slated on June 3 in Senayan, central Jakarta, the final decision will rest with the national body.Under the country''s law, the National Police have the authority \"to issue a permit for, and monitor activities, involving crowds\".The National Police had previously announced that they would follow the Jakarta Police''s recommendation, even though no official statement had been written.Nevertheless, after meeting representative of Big Daddy, the National Police decided to study other permits, such as the authorization from the Tourism and Creative Economy Ministry, a concert permit from the Bung Karno Stadium office and a license from the Immigration Office.The controversial diva, known for her over-the-top performances and eccentric fashion sense, has sparked protests, particularly from hard-line groups.The singer is currently preparing for a performance in Manila in the Philippines, where she has been subject to similar protests from Christians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326766", "title": "Metro pillar falls in Jaipur, major tragedy averted", "text": "JAIPUR: An accident was averted near a Metro construction site near the railway station on Sunday when a yet to complete pillar collapsed.No injuries were reported but the incident could have claimed lives if the iron structure had fallen on the commuters on the roadside. Also, it was reported only two labourers were on the site at the time of incident.The DMRC claimed the incident was minor and continue to happen during the construction of such big projects. Lalit Meghnani, project director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), said, \"We have started an inquiry in this regard though the accident was minor. Prima facie it appears the erected iron structure collapsed when the laborers were adjusting the sling through which the structure was tied-up.\"Dismissing claims that the pillar collapsed, he said, \"It was not a collapse of the pillar as it was just under construction and in the primary stage. The iron structure was erected with support of string and concrete was yet to be poured for providing it strength.\"The incident occurred around 12.15 pm, when two labourers were adjusting the sling which was tied with the iron structure. \"The structure was very long. After the dust storm, the structure was tilted a bit, the labourers were adjusting the sling,\" he added.The iron structure fell inside the Metro barricades. Rama Kant, an eyewitnesses claimed, \"Luckily, the structure collapsed inside of the barricade. If it had collapsed in a different direction towards the roads on both sides of the track, then tragedy would have happened.\"The incident has once again clearly indicated the lack of supervision at the Metro sites. \"Our supervision was there on the site. Any decision can only be taken after the inquiry,\" claimed Meghnani.The accident also put a question mark on the supervision being done by the DMRC and also the safety, health and environment (SHE) regulations which the DMRC claims are best enforced for the labourers at the various sites.According to sources, lack in supervision had initially surfaced as the primary reason behind the fatal accidents that have occurred at the Metro sites so far. Due to lack of supervision, two labourers died while working on a machine when an electric wire was cut accidentally and the labourers were exposed to 440 volts. Investigations clearly indicate they were using \"wrong techniques\" and had put an iron rod behind the wheel so that machine could not move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13344204", "title": "Vijay and Ajith coming together?", "text": "There were reports in a press that Ajith and Vijay, the two competitors might come together for a the remake of yesteryear hit Ninaithalae Innikkum.The cult film released in early 1980s featured Rajnikanth and Kamal Haasan. Sources said Ajith had expressed his desire to do the role enacted by Kamal and that Amaravathy fame Selvah will direct the film.But when queried Selvah denied it as rumours. He says,' its all mere rumours. There is no iota of truth that I met Ajith and that he urged me to direct KB sir's yesteryear hit Ninaithalae Innikkum. Its been long time that we met.'Selvah's Naanga featuring newcomers released a couple of months ago had bit the dust.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13326045", "title": "Three leopards charred near Mansinghdeo", "text": "NAGPUR: Close on the heels of a tiger being brutally killed in Borda adjoining Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) in Chandrapur on Friday, three leopards were electrocuted near Mansinghdeo wildlife sanctuary, 80km from city, on Sunday.A full-grown male and female leopard and a cub were charred to death when they came in contact with a transmission pole that accidentally came in contact with live electric wire it was supporting. The tragedy took place in compartment no. 655 of Saleghat forest range under the Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM).Apart from three leopards, a wild boar and a mongoose were also killed in similar fashion at the spot. All the species are protected under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972.The incident occurred early Sunday morning and came to light in the afternoon. \"We learnt about it at 1.30pm and at 2.15pm we were at the spot,\" said Prakash Thosre, managing director of FDCM. \"It's a natural calamity. All the body parts including nails of the animals were intact,\" Thosre added ruling out poaching.The incident highlights the casual approach of MSETCL officials who did not bother to correct the fault. The FDCM field staff too did not inform them about it. The current that passed through the pole could have proved fatal for villagers who move in the forest to collect tendu leaves this time of the year.'Book MSETCL officials for tragedy'According to Mahip Gupta, general manager of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM), Nagpur region, three days ago, due to strong winds, a live wire of 11 KV line that passes through Saleghat and Surewani came in contact with the transmission pole due to loose insulation. The pole thus became electrified with high voltage current.Normally, this should have led to tripping of supply as the poles are earthed. That it did not indicates sub-standard work on part of the transmission utility.A wild boar probably first touched the pole and got electrocuted. Prakash Thosre, managing director of FDCM, suspects the leopard family might have attempted to eat the carcass and got killed. The mongoose too may have tried to scavenge on the carcasses and died due to current. The remains were later cremated near the spot in presence of %officials.Kundan Hate, honorary district wildlife warden, has demanded an offence be registered against MSETCL officials for negligence. As a warden, Hate was not informed about the incident by FDCM or forest staff.Thosre, however, remained non-committal about registering an offence. \"The incident is unfortunate and I can understand the outrage but I will surely talk to the transmission utility officials on the issue and caution them,\" he said.\"As all the carcasses were up to 90% burnt by the current, post mortem could not be performed. We also couldn't determine the age of the animals,\" Gupta said.The incident also exposes FDCM officials who always claimed there was no wildlife in their area. It also reveals lack of regular patrolling and monitoring by the staff who learnt of the danger only after the deaths.The spot is close to the newly formed Mansinghdeo sanctuary. The wildlife wing is doing nothing to protect this area. This is despite the fact that requisite staff and funds have been provided to it. A leopard was sighted in Saleghat during the machan census on May 6.Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation, said that officials would have to explain the delay in detecting the incident, that too not by FDCM staff. He also raised questions about responsibility of transmission company officials.Hate, a tiger cell member, alleged that electricity company officials were members of district tiger cells but were never serious about preventing wildlife deaths occurring due to electrocution whether accidental or deliberate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13329931", "title": "Government order stumps Kerala schools", "text": "KOCHI: Confusion still prevails after government decided to make Malayalam a compulsory subject in all schools of the state. The government order (GO 183/11) issued by the general education department late last year had instructed schools to rework their academic curriculum for the new year. \"It is not the schools or the management that shall be affected by this law, but people,\" said secretary of All Kerala CBSE Schools Management Association Indira Rajan.Vehemently opposing the rule, she said \"Contrary to the public belief, CBSE schools do have Malayalam till class VIII. If a class IX student comes here because his/her parents were transferred, how is she supposed to attempt Malayalam class X board exams?\" She added that parents in the city are worried about their wards.President of Sahodaya Schools Complex C S Johnny believes that it will not affect schools in a big way as most schools already have Malayalam as a language. \"No directives have come to our schools yet,\" he said. At present, most schools have a three language system with English as the first language and Hindi or Malayalam as the second language.Vice-principal of Vidyodaya Thevakkal Aji Viswanath said, \"We will face a problem because a few students have chosen Sanskrit. But since the number is less, we shall not be affected. Unlike certain other schools, we will not have to recruit new staff or change our syllabus. But if such a rule is implemented, we will definitely adhere to any plan put forward by curriculum makers.\"Vice-principal of Cochin Refineries School Vishwambaran said: \"It's not right as students have no choice. English is the first language, Hindi is compulsory as per CBSE norms and Malayalam compulsory according to the state government, so students cannot learn a language of their choice.\"The government order which clearly mandates that the rules should be implemented under the Right To Education Act, states that if this order is not implemented, the NOC ( no objection certificate) given to schools could be withdrawn. Several schools, who have applied for NOC, have given written undertaking promising that the rule will be implemented in school from day one.While CBSE rule states that Hindi must be the first or the second language in their schools, the entry of Malayalam into that spot makes three languages a must till class VIII.Kochi: Confusion still prevails over the decision of the state government to make Malayalam compulsory for all schools in the state. The government order (GO 183/11) issued by the general education department late last year had asked schools to rework their academic curriculum in the new year.\"It is not the schools or the management that shall be affected by such a law, it is the public themselves,\" said Indira Rajan, secretary, All Kerala CBSE Schools Management Association.Vehemently opposing the rule she said that contrary to the public belief, CBSE schools do have Malayalam up to class VIII. \"If a student comes here because of her parent's official transfer while in her class IX, how is she supposed to attempt the Malayalam class X board exams?\"She adds that parents in the city are worried about their wards.Johnny, president, Sahodaya Schools Complex believes that it will not affect schools in a big way as most schools already have Malayalam as a language. \"No directives have come to the schools as yet on the issue,\" he addedCurrently, most schools have the three language system with English as the first language and Hindi or Malayalam as the second language in most schools.Aji Viswanath, vice-principal, Vidyodaya Thevakkal said, \"We will face a problem because a few students opt for Sanskrit. But since the number is less, we shall not be affected much. Unlike certain other schools, we will not have to recruit new staff or change our syllabus. But if such a rule is implemented, we will definitely adhere to any plan put forward by the curriculum makers.\"Vishwambaran, vice-principal, Cochin Refineries School said: \"It's not right and is unfair to leave the students with no choice. With English as first language, Hindi compulsory according to the CBSE and Malayalam compulsory according to the state government, the students do not get to learn a language of their choice.\"The GO which clearly mandates that the rules should be implemented under the Right To Education Act, failing which the NOC (no objection certificate) could be withdrawn from the schools that fail to implement the directives.Several schools who have applied for NOC have given written undertaking promising that the rule will be implemented in the new school from day one. While the CBSE rule states that Hindi must be the first or the second language in their schools, the entry of Malayalam into that spot makes three languages a must till class VIII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328169", "title": "Haryana police to launch 'Pehchan Kaun' programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pehchan Kaun, the catchphrase which became wildly popular after television stand-up comedian Navin Prabhakar used it for one his skits involving a bar girl, is now the name of a Haryana Police criminal identification programme.In a move that will help detect roving lawbreakers, Haryana Police will introduce mobile vehicles fitted with equipment that can read fingerprints of suspects and find out whether they are active criminals. The vehicles, named 'Pehchan Kaun, will have fingerprint records of 50,000 active criminals from Delhi, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan for their easy identification.\"We are not inspired by any television show. We are using it because a criminal's identity is the first thing that comes to a cop's mind when he is investigating a case or looking for a criminal,\" said Layak Ram Dabas, director, State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB).The pilot of these PCR vans equipped with mobile live scanner has been successful in Panipat and will be launched in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Rohtak next week. In all police commissionarates such as Gurgaon and Faridabad, two such vehicles would be deployed. Dabas said the entire state would get these vehicles by month end.He added that a criminal can be taken to the vehicle for recording fingerprints and the cops can immediately find out whether the suspect was involved in criminal activity in the recent years. \"The idea is to prevent criminals from entering a city or district. Once they know that they can be caught, they will avoid entering these areas. In fact, since we launched the pilot in Panipat, the rate of property-related crimes has gone down by 15%,\" Dabas said.He said these vehicles were helpful when deployed near police pickets. At a later stage, these mobile vans will be used to verify and match fingerprints of criminals at the scene of crime within minutes. \"We don't need to send the prints to a laboratory. We have a provision where the fingerprint database can be revised and updated,\" he added.\"Every state police has a database of such fingerprints, but none of them has mobile vans with such data. We tried to use technology to prevent crime in cities and districts. The fear of being caught will work as a deterrent for criminals,\" Dabas said.An automatic fingerprint identification system has been set up at the SCRB headquarters in Madhuban. The system has fingerprints data of those arrested or convicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330502", "title": "Indian Certificate of Secondary Education schools achieve 100% pass percentage", "text": "CHENNAI: Hari Shree Vidyalayam, an ICSE board affiliated school in RA Puram, cleared the ICSE 2012 with a pass percentage of 100%.This was the second batch of class X at the school, which fared an average of 87.4% in the examinations. Keerthana Venkatesh topped the school with 95.4%.The results of the class X Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) exams and Class XII Indian School Certificate (ISC) exams came out on Saturday. 99.76% of students who took the class 10 exams passed in the southern region while 98.62% cleared the class 10 exams overall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13332996", "title": "Opposition war hots up in Hatia byelection", "text": "RANCHI: Once allies, the Congress and the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P), are now vying for each other's scalp in the Hatia assembly byelection scheduled for June 12. The two parties, which have pre-poll alliance in Jharkhand, have intensified their campaign and also the attack on each other to win the hearts of voters.Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay is spending at least 10-12 hours a day in campaigning and holding meetings with supporters for his younger brother and Congress candidate Sunil Sahay.\"In the past 12 years, the BJP and its alliance partners have made false promises and cheated the voters. It was because of the BJP that the byelection for the seat which became vacant after the death of Congress MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Sahdeo could not be organized,\" Sahay said adding that the voters of Hatia should teach the BJP and its alliance partners a lesson.The seat became vacant after the death of Congress legislator in 2010 but the Election Commission was not able to organize a bypoll because of pending election petition by BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda.\"Times has come that people of Jharkhand should take a strong stand against the state government and send a message of change,\" Sahay added.Former chief minister and JVM-P star campaigner Babulal Marandi is also putting every effort to ensure victory of party candidate Ajay Nath Sahdeo.Marandi on Sunday launched attack on the Congress for betraying the party on number of occasions. \"Congress leaders have also made false promises and never thought for the progress of Jharkhand. When the Congress betrayed us during Rajya Sabha election, we decided to field a candidate in the Hatia byelection. We are confident that the voters of Hatia will give us a chance to serve them,\" said Marandi.Marandi also criticized the Ajsu Party and the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , the two ruling allies, for failing to meet the expectation of people of the state. \"It is surprising that the only party which has been part of all the governments, including that of Madhu Koda, in the state is Ajsu and yet they want voters to trust them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13328810", "title": "1 arrested in Satana sex videos case", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik rural police have arrested one person in connection with the incident of sex videos allegedly being made and distributed in Satana. Samir Patil (33), resident of Pimpleshwar Road in Satana, was arrested on Friday evening and produced before the court on Saturday, which has remanded him in police custody until May 23.Deputy superintendent of police Pradnya Jedge said, \"A couple of days back, we came to know that sex clips were being created in Satana by some people and circulated on mobile phones. However, despite appeals to people to come forward and lodge a complaint in this regard, no one had turned up.\"In this regard, the police inspector at the Satana police station had been asked to register an offence keeping the information received in mind, and subsequently Patil, who is also in all of the video clips, was arrested. As of now, statements of two girls featured in the mobile phoen videos are being recorded, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13329468", "title": "Caribbean palms, Kerala footprints", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala's coconut economy is set to go places. The state's technical and labour skill sets in coconut farming and industry are finding takers in faraway Trinidad and Tobago.\"Currently, we have a labour exchange programme with Canada for apple picking and are envisaging similar programmes with India to send skilled English-speaking workers to Trinidad and Tobago on six-month contracts to work in the coconut industry,\" Mahajan, of Indian origin, said.\"The present government is keen on diversification of the economy and with the current draft policy on expansion of the agricultural sector, there will be increased focus on coconut farming. We face severe labour shortage and the government is trying to attract workers from the energy sector into farming by paying half their wages, with the industry paying the other half. When in full bloom, the coconut industry in Trinidad and Tobago will employ 3,000 workers and this will enhance the development of rural communities,\" Maharaj said.\"The current pay is Trinidad and Tobago Dollar (TTD) $150 (Rs 1,200) for six hours of work a day,\" Maharaj said. \"The workers from Kerala might be able to earn TTD $2,000-3,000 a month by working there. Opportunities are opening up in Trinidad and Tobago for good pollinators and mechanised coconut climbers from our state,\" said T K Jose, chairman of CDB.Trinidad and Tobago currently produces 48-60 million nuts a year and the SPCGS has 150 farmers who own between 5 acres to 2,000 acres. \"Our trees are aged - often over 80 years old - and suffer from diseases. We have only a limited variety of trees and they currently satisfy only the demand for tender coconut water,\" Maharaj said.\"We need to tap resources which we don't have in our country and have looked at the Philippines and Indonesia , besides India, but CDB offered us exhaustive information which was well presented and had a clear message,\" Maharaj said. And, the result will be the start of a new coconut link between India and the Caribbean .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13334893", "title": "Air grievances at these meets", "text": "BANGALORE: BWSSB will conduct public grievances meet at service station levels from Monday between 7.30 am and 9.30 am. On Monday, meetings will be held at Vijayanagar service station, West-1 ; Kathriguppe, South-1; Kasturi Nagar, East-1; Bahubali Nagar , North-1; Domlur , South East 1 and Bhashyam Park in Central-1 service station limits . On Tuesday , meetingswillbeheld at Nandini Layout in West-2 , Hosakerehalli in South-2 , Indiranagar in East-2 , Jayamahal in North-2 and High Grounds in Central-2 service station areas.Water Adalat:Water adalat of South-4 sub division will be held at the AEE's office, MNK Park, from 9:30 am to 11am on Monday. Consumers of MNK Park, Chamrajpet and Mount Joy can attend the adalat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327682", "title": "PM best man for the job: Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid on Sunday came out in strong defence of Manmohan Singh , rubbishing criticism of him being a weak prime minister.Khurshid, who admitted that administering the country today was getting tougher, said Singh was the best person for the job and had provided \"thoughtful, philosophical\" leadership in uncertain times.Admitting that the coalition government was facing a tough ride, the minister said Congress was prepared for all options, including being in opposition, after the general elections in 2014.\"I don't think we could have had a better person in these times when we have been under stress... that we have had a lot of questions raised about how India should be governed and how it is being governed,\" Khurshid said in a TV interview.He maintained that Singh had provided leadership at a time when there were \"dark clouds\" about the Indian economy, the monsoon, and on how the country moved forward with important economic changes.Asked about the alleged policy paralysis and differences with allies on issues like FDI in retail, the minister said, \"Administering this country in our present times is very, very tough but our government is doing a good job.\"Khurshid confessed that the government would not have liked to see certain things happen but had \"happened not because of us but in spite of us\". \"We now need to weed them out of our system,\" he said, adding, \"Governing India is undoubtedly becoming tougher.\"The minister said the government was still working on building a consensus on FDI in retail. \"We believe that it is good for the country,\" he said.To a question about problems with allies like Trinamool Congress and how Singh had failed to stand up to them, Khurshid said he alone could not be held responsible. \"That is not just the PM. If our allies have a problem moving as fast in a particular direction as we want to take, it is not just for the PM but for the government. Let us not segregate the PM from the party and the party from the government. We are all in it together,\" he said.The minister denied any major differences with West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, who has openly differed with the government on FDI in retail, Teesta water sharing with Bangladesh and other issues. Khurshid insisted that Banerjee did not have the power of \"veto\" on the UPA's decisions. \"There is sensitivity (towards her views). We either take her with us or we do not. We have chosen to take her with us as a colleague and a partner,\" he said, denying that Congress allies were \"whipping\" it.He accepted that 2011 was not the best year for the UPA-2 government. \"But it is part of growing up, part of the landscape of what is happening in the world. India is becoming a densely argumentative country which is a good thing. Democracy is opening up people's minds. They are becoming more demanding, expectations are growing,\" Khurshid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13324110", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi assassination: Gujarat helped trace killers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Twenty-one years ago on this day, former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated at Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu by the first human bomb in the world - an LTTE woman militant called Thenmozhi Rajaratnam alias Dhanu. Architects of the assassination plot Sivarasan, Nalini and Murugan remained elusive from the special investigation team.However, it was the portrait-building software developed in the Physical Research Laboratory (PRL)-Ahmedabad and later upgraded at Dharamsinh Desai University (DDU) that cracked the case in a month by drawing near-similar features of the criminals from witness statements. The software was called the Facial Analysis and Criminal Identification System (FACIS Project III)Professor H S Mazumdar, who heads the research wing at DDU, was working with PRL's electronics department on the day of Rajiv's assassination. \"Initial attempts to put together faces of suspects did not head anywhere. So we developed an indigenous software,\" says Mazumdar.\"A large number of photographs of criminals were scanned. From these, we digitally extracted facial features which could be quickly selected and pasted in any desired location to assemble a portrait. It was the first of its kind in the country at the time.\"Software that helped crack Rajiv Gandhi assassination upgradedImagine just dragging a button across a 1980 photograph of terrorist Dawood Ibrahim on your computer screen and being able to witness how he would look when he turns 65 years. Drag the button backwards to know how Ibrahim looked when he was 30 years.This is no animated junk that you see on advertised web pages but is an upgraded version of the portrait-building software - the very same that cracked the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case in 1991. The upgraded version of the software developed by the Dharamsinh Desai University's R&D; division students will soon be part of NCRB and police department's arsenal across the country to identify criminals who are absconding over a long period of time.\"The software works as a profiler of criminals. From a previous file photograph of the criminal, the software picks those important points on the face that usually change in texture and tone during the course of time. The button is dragged across the timeline in the software to witness the face of the criminal at different ages. The software has a database of 50,000 digitised images of criminals to choose the facial features from,\" says head of the R&D; wing of DDU university M H Mazumdar.\"The classification of these images is the soul of software. As the witnesses use to describe the culprit like 'old', 'weak', 'drooping face', the software immediately brings forth related images and can even morph a set of images on the spot to reach a probable face. The timeline helps the investigator see how criminal would look in different years of his age,\" says Mazumdar. Students have also armed the software with features that can also have commercial applications. If installed in a bank the software can scan a face from a CCTV footage and immediately tell whether the person is an outsider or a bank customer from the existing database of the bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13326102", "title": "Final ICSE batch to avail Best-5 for admissions", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Certificate for Secondary Education (ICSE) students will not have the option of choosing their Best-5 scores while applying for admissions to junior college from the next academic year. The students who passed out on Saturday will be the last batch of students who will avail of the Best-5 policy introduced by the state government.With the Council of Indian Secondary Certificate Examination (CISCE) dropping one of the subjects in Group I (environment education) from the coming academic year, students will be left only with five subjects in Group I and II. While Group III, will have the sixth subject, it will not be considered for admissions to junior colleges in the state.\"This is the last batch of students passing with environment education,\" said Gerry Arathoon, secretary of the council. Principals from ICSE schools believe that students could be at a disadvantage from the next year. \"While English is compulsory in ICSE schools across the country for passing, it is not mandatory to include the language score in the Best-5 option,\" said a school principal.\"Since students score little less in English, so their overall score might drop by a few points making the competition tougher for them while applying for junior colleges in the state,\" he added.Paul Machado, principal of Campion School in Colaba, said, \"Practically, students will not be able to make use of the Best-5 policy as they will have only five subjects in groups I and II. It is a scoring subject and looking at the performance of students in environment education in the last few years, students will definitely be at a disadvantage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13324219", "title": "13,000 pre-monsoon malaria cases in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: Rains are yet to arrive, and the state already has recorded over 13,000 cases of malaria and three deaths due to mosquito-borne infections. In the period between January and April, 13,067 people have been found positive for malarial infection. However, the good news is, this number point to more than 50% drop in mosquito-borne infections compared to the corresponding timeframe the last year when 28,400 cases were reported.With 5,374 positive cases and one death due to malaria in the last four months, Mumbai continues to be on the top of the list, followed by Gadchiroli (1,789) and Thane (1,317) districts.\"Climactic conditions with temperature up to 30 degrees Celsius and a humidity level above 70% are favourable conditions for mosquito-breeding. Such conditions prevailed on most days in the last four months in Mumbai. That is one of the reasons for malaria cases during the pre-monsoon period. It is usually during monsoon season that cases of malarial infection rise,\" said V D Khanande, joint director (malaria) of the state health services.During the same period last year, Mumbai had recorded 16,833 positive cases and 11 deaths.The rural parts of Pune recorded 86 malaria cases while the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) recorded 13 and 36 malaria cases respectively in the last four months.Elaborating, Khanande said, \"The perceptible drop in positive malaria cases as well as deaths can be attributed to multi-pronged strategy initiated at all levels - from village to district - of planning and administration.\" Micro-planning, regular review meetings of planned work and consistent monitoring of mosquito breeding sites helped reduce outbreaks, he added. \"Usually, water scarcity starts after March. This is the time when we have to strengthen our monitoring work. We started conducting meetings of additional district health officials to review their work once every month. Micro-planning, regular review meetings of planned work and awareness about avoiding mosquito breeding sites have yielded results,\" Khanande said.In 2010-11, 1,38,605 positive cases were recorded in the state, a figure higher than the 85,435 cases recorded the previous year. In 2007, 67,850 cases were registered and 67,333 cases were registered in 2008. To control the growing mosquito menace, the state health department had to seek technical support and expertise from the Union government.As many as 545 people of the 3.29 lakh patients succumbed to malaria in the last three years. In 2011, there were 118 deaths as against 200 the previous year and 227 in 2009. Experts said it is impossible to control mosquito breeding and bring down malaria without the active participation of the general public.\"Unplanned growth of cities, rapid industrialisation, labour concentration at project sites and movement of population across the border are reasons for high number of malaria cases in the last few years. On the positive side, there has been a considerable reduction in cases and deaths since last year,\" said state entomologist B R Mane.The components of the national malaria control strategy include use of long-lasting insecticides, bed nets, indoor residual sprays, early diagnosis and treatment of cases, management of the environment, forecasting, prevention and control of epidemics.Meanwhile, health activists attached to various NGOs said the number of malaria, dengue and chikungunya cases is just the tip of the iceberg. A majority of the cases remain unreported.Trends of pre-monsoon malaria infection in MaharashtraYear cases (January-April)2010 20,0912011 28,4002012 13,067", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13325809", "title": "\u2018Involve people to cut maternal mortality\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Way before the World Health Organization postulated the Millennium Development Goals, a visionary doctor from Kolkata felt the need of concentrated efforts to improved facilities for maternal and neonatal care. This is what led to the formation of National Association for Reproductive and Child Health of India (NARCHI) by Dr CS Dawn.As the city chapter of NARCHI saw a change of guard, the doctors discussed about ways in which they can contribute in curbing the problems of high maternal and neonatal deaths in the country. \"There is a lot of government expenditure on providing better health care to bring down maternal as well as child morbidity and mortality. These efforts are not bearing fruits due to non-involvement of common people,\" asserted Dr Subrata Dawn, general secretary of NARCHI. The only state in India that has an acceptable maternal mortality is Kerala. This, he believes, has been possible because of the spread of education in the southern state. States like Assam have fared poorly in this regard.\"We all have our definitive roles to play in this regard, whether it is the government, the doctors, NGOs or the society. We can do our bit by making efforts to make the newer interventions to more people. At present, only 10% population can benefit from these advancements,\" said Dr Atul Munshi, former vice president of Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI). He also said that, along with practising in government as well as private hospitals, doctors could also devote some time to advocacy and social awareness.Our villages still lag behind in terms of health care, rued Dr Munshi. \"This is largely because of lack of skilled medical professionals in the villages. Their number, however, can be increased through means of voluntary services, compulsory services as well as industry-sponsored services,\" he said.NARCHI, too, has played its part in this regard. \"We conduct courses through the Indian College of Maternal &amp; Child Health that is run by NARCHI. In the last 25 years, most doctors trained in the institute have voluntarily gone to villagers. When doctors reach these areas, they can help in controlling several infections and avert many life threatening conditions in newborns and mothers,\" said senior gynaecologist from the city Dr Nirmala Waze, who began her second term as the president of city chapter of NARCHI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13344719", "title": "Suriya, Arya, Santhanam at Settai Shooting Spot", "text": "Kollywood star hero Suriya made a special appearance in the sets of Settai, the Tamil remake of Delhi Belly.Director Kannan and actors Arya and Santhanam were shooting for their scenes during Surya's visit.The units of Maatraan and Settai are shooting in Binny Mills, near the airport. Suriya, was explained what was happened during the shooting. Settai director Kannan elaborated on what sequence he was shooting. Suriya also gave them a glimpse of what was happening on Maatraan.Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329002", "title": "Domestic workers want implementation of Centre's schemes", "text": "NASHIK: Domestic workers across the district on Saturday staged agitations in front of the Nashik district collectorate, demanding implementation of registration and other laws governing them. A delegation of the Nashik district domestic workers' association (NDDWA), led by Raju Desale, state secretary of the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC), met collector P Velrasu and presented him with a memorandum of demands.The memorandum states, \"The Centre gives Rs 30,000 for five-member families of unorganized BPL workers under its national health insurance scheme. The workers in other districts have already received government identity cards and are getting facilities under this scheme. Unorganized BPL workers from Nashik district have been deprived of these facilities as the zilla parishad, district rural development authority and deputy labour commissioner's office are not implementing the scheme. Last year, a delegation of AITUC and NDDWA had met the parishad CEO, collector and deputy labour commissioner and they had assured immediate implementation of the scheme, but that didn't happen. Registration of in-house workers has been started, but is very slow. Besides, those in-house workers who are already registered haven't received identity cards for the last six months.\"The memo also demands implementation of the national health insurance scheme, increasing the number of employees for registration of domestic workers, Rs 2,000 pension for labourers, domestic workers and other unorganized workers, BPL cards for agri labourers, priority for agri labourers in housing schemes, and zero-interest loans to rural self-help groups.Initially, hundreds of domestic workers took out a morcha to the district collectorate. The morcha began from Hutatma Smarak and proceeded forward via CBS , Trimbak Naka, Shalimar, Nehru Garden, Sangli Bank chowk, Mahatma Gandhi Road, Meher signal and finally concluded at Nashik district collectorate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13325852", "title": "Man tries to commit suicide at police station", "text": "AMRAVATI: One Salim Shah Babbu Shah tried to commit suicide at Kolhapuri Gate police station on Sunday. Sources said one Mohammad Sabir (50) and Jawed Shah Babbu Shah were neighbours. On May 17, Mohammad Sabir and his two sons Mohammad Sajid and Mohammad Abid had attacked Jawed Shah Babbu Shah. Jawed was rushed to a private hospital and his mother Nasreen lodged a complaint against five persons.Police had nabbed Mohhamed Sabir and his two sons. Meanwhile, Sabir's wife Rashida threatened Nasreen. When Jawed died on Saturday night, an enraged Salim Shah with a mob of 100 rushed to the police station to demand Rashida's arrest.Salim Shah had carried a bottle of kerosene with him and he tried to pour it on himself but cops arrested him. It is learnt that Sabir was a known goon and a problem for all residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13344020", "title": "ICAR: Rise of temperature not a cause of worry for agriculture", "text": "NEW DELHI: Though no immediate adverse impact of global warming is visible in India as manifested by rise in output of foodgrains and milk, experts feel the country should draw sharp strategy to deal with its long-term effect.Despite increase in climatic variabilities attributed to global warming, the production of foodgrains in the country has increased from 230.77 million tonnes (mt) in 2007-08 to 244.78 mt in 2010-11, the government had informed Parliament last week.During the same period output of milk rose from 107.90 mt to 121.80 mt due to various advanced technological interventions across the country, it said.Though no immediate adverse impact of global warming on agriculture is visible, experts feel the country needs to draw effective strategy to deal with its future consequences as it is a long-term phenomenon.\"Rise of 0.2 degree celsius temperature now is not a cause of worry for agriculture in the country, but there could be problem after 5-6 decades for which we need to be alert,\" Director General of ICAR S Ayyappan told PTI.He said in the long-term even if agri productivity is not affected due to global warming there could be problem of pest, diseases etc., in the crops.Farm expert and former head of ICAR Mangala Rai said: \"Long-term planning to deal with global warming when the temperature might increase by 2.5 to 3 degree celsius is absolutely necessary.\"Minister of State for Agriculture Harish Rawat had said in Parliament last week that though there is no conclusive evidence to suggest significant variations in climate change, global warming and its impact on agricultural productivity, the government has intensified implementation of various schemes to deal with the problem.He said programmes like Macro Management of Agriculture, Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojna, National Food Security Mission, National Horticulture Mission and National Mission on Micro Irrigation have been formulated to make Indian agriculture climate resilient by embedding and mainstreaming various adaptation measures.Sources in International Crops Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) said the Hyderabad-based international farm research organisation is developing heat tolerant chickpea and ground nut to protect the crops from adverse impact of global warming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "13323592", "title": "Bypoll battle: Vanpic charges raise Balineni\u2019s hackles", "text": "ONGOLE: Upping the ante ahead of the bypolls, Ongole Assembly constituency YSR Congress nominee and former minister Balineni Srinivasa Reddy has offered to back down from the contest if his rivals can prove that he was involved in the Vanpic project.\"I am prepared to withdraw from the contest if either rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad or TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu can prove that I have pocketed crores of rupees from Vanpic promoters,\" Balineni said.He told reporters on Sunday that the allegations against him were baseless and had only one aim of scoring a political gain in the upcoming byelections.The former minister took strong objection to Dokka's comments at a public meeting in Allur that Balineni had swindled about Rs 300 crore by helping in land acquisition for the Vanpic project.He challenged the minister to either prove the charges or resign from his cabinet post. \"Can Dokka make similar allegations against the legislators who are still with Congress,\" Balineni questioned.He dared Congress and TDP leaders to hold an open debate on the issue. Criticising Naidu for having called for his arrest, Balineni said it was the TDP chief who should be prepared to face a CBI probe on the corruption charges against him.Meanwhile, Jagan's two-day tour of the constituency witnessed a positive response, especially in the villages where land has been acquired for the Vanpic project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345552", "title": "Moore\u2019s daughter\u2019s secret meet with Ashton revealed", "text": "Ashton Kutcher and Rumer Willis', who are still very close to each other, met secretly on Sunday.The 34-year-old actor broke Demi Moore's heart very publicly last year, but he was also present in Rumer's life for a good decade, so it is understandable that they are still close, but the reason they met secretly is still a mystery.The pair were spotted in the actor's car in Los Angeles, before he hit the Lakers game and she headed to the Chateau Marmont.They didn't want to be spotted, and when they were, Kutcher covered his face and Rumer tried to lie back in her chair.The friends haven''t been so coy in the past.Just a day after Moore returned from rehab, Ashton attended Rumer's gig at the Sayers Club in Hollywood.\"Ashton came on his own and he was there from the beginning to the end. He provided a real cool, unassuming, supportive and stable presence for Rumer, who was obviously a little nervous,\" the Daily Mail quoted an onlooker as telling Radar Online at the time.\"Ashton and Rumer had a short talk before she went on stage and you could tell he was pepping her up and building her confidence and then when she started singing his whole face lit up.\"He was obviously really, really proud of her and was smiling throughout her performance. I even saw him singing along at one point,\" the onlooker said.Following the set, Kutcher greeted Rumer with a \"huge hug\".\"Despite what's happening with Demi, it's obvious he and Rumer are still very close, it was really sweet to see,\" the onlooker said.The two grew very close at the time the actor was married to her mother, and were often seen out together with Demi.But it's unlikely that Rumer, who is the closest of the three daughters the actress has by actor Bruce Willis , would meet Kutcher without her mother sanctioning it.It is being said that the actress was the subject of the clandestine meeting, Ashton was seen visiting his wife after she returned from rehab and still takes a great interest in his estranged wife's wellbeing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13334592", "title": "Eco-tourism project in Naga village", "text": "KOHIMA: Jotsoma village in Kohima district of Nagaland received a boost as a tourist destination with the launch of a nature conservation and eco-tourism project on Saturday at Puliebadze Chahe ki, a rest house on the foothills of the mount Puliebadze.Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio was the chief guest at the programme. He was overwhelmed with the sight of rich natural vegetation and virgin forests all around. He said that he has been associated with Jotsoma village for a long time and expressed his happiness over the fact that the people of the village have conserved their natural surroundings. He congratulated them for working hard on the project and appreciated their unity and cooperation and the effort they put in to successfu lly complete the task. tnnThe chief minister stated that the thick natural vegetation and virgin forests of the Japfu mountain range could have water sources, particularly for the capital town Kohima, for which he appreciated the people of the Southern Angamis and the Western Angamis living in the ranges as they preserve and conserve flora and fauna. Encouraging the people to keep up their conservation efforts, he further said that other people can adopt the model followed by the Jotsoma villagers to preserve the forest. Rio also advised that the community based forest should be set up.Rio said that there are many employment opportunities for the people of the state in preservation and conservation activities. He said remote areas of the state have a lot of potential tourist attractions and added the government should make a proposal in this regard. He suggested that the village can take the initiative and the government can provide assistance. He also suggested that the villagers should set up rhododendron and orchids garden, which can be a special attraction to visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329080", "title": "School responds to civic body's notice through advertisements", "text": "NASHIK: Following the showcause notice issued by the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) education department, Rasbihari International School (RIS) has communicated their stand on the issue through the city's newspapers.The education department of the civic body had issued a notice to RIS on May 16 regarding its exorbitant fee hike and had asked the school to reply to the notice within three days. The parents of children studying at RIS had met education officer Nitin Upasani on May 15 with their grievances, after which he issued the showcause notice. The fees were hiked from Rs 1,900 to Rs 3,100 per month.Parents of the school's students had staged a rasta roko on April 30 on the MERI-Mumbai Agra national highway (NH3) link road to protest against the 'steep' hike in tuition fees. The police intervened and spoke to parents and the school administration. A decision was taken for a joint meeting on the issue between the chairman, trustees and parents on May 22.In their reply, the management of the school had said that the fees were hiked to maintain world-class quality of education and also to provide the students with all the facilities and infrastructure required under the International Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum, which is offered only in 36 schools in the state and 97 in the country. They said that while other schools offering IB curriculum charged anywhere between Rs 2-4.5 lakhs annually, RIS charged only Rs 37,200.The management said that it was not possible to scrap the hike in the fees because that would mean compromising on the quality of education and consequently losing the IB board's sanction. The management expressed confidence that the parents would understand their position.Meanwhile, the education department said that the fee hike was not justified and that the salary of the teachers cannot be raised by 60%. They said that on Tuesday, May 22, they would be present for the meeting between the parents and the management. Parents conducted a meeting late on Sunday evening to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327201", "title": "Expedite disposal of South Goa revenue cases: Revenue minister Francis D'Souza", "text": "PANAJI: Noting the huge pendency of revenue cases in South Goa, revenue minister Francis D'Souza issued a series of instructions to South Goa revenue officials to expeditiously dispose of the cases.D'Souza also directed the South Goa collector and deputy collector to put up their proposal in respect of requirement of staff for their department so that work at the district level is not hampered due to want of manpower. At a recent meeting with the South Goa collector and other revenue officials at Porvorim, D'Souza directed the South Goa collector to dispose of mutation and partition cases after one or two hearings and after a short discussion on the cases.The revenue minister also noted that the checklist of reports which is prepared by the talathis is difficult to understand as it is lengthy and sometimes their handwriting is not legible. D'Souza urged the revenue officials to correct this and suggested to the collector that henceforth the report should be prepared in a particular format so that it is easier for the public to fill up the form and time is also saved.Though tenancy and mundkar cases take longer for disposal, D'Souza pointed out that tree cutting cases and mutation cases can be resolved faster without giving more adjournments for hearing.The revenue minister also reviewed a report of the pendency of cases in the various talukas of South Goa. Salcete has the highest pendency of cases-4,278 (mutation 3,218, mundkar 575, tenancy 485), Quepem ranked second in pendency with 1,511 cases (mutation 1,344, mundkar 45, tenancy 122). Mormugao followed with 1,264 cases (mutation 1,031, mundkar 180, tenancy 53). Dharbandora has 1,243 cases pending (mutation 191, mundkar 5, tenancy 1,047). The pendency in Canacona is 593 cases (mutation 455, mundkar 91, tenancy 47). Sanguem has a pendency of 530 cases (mutation 442, mundkar 16, tenancy 72).The South Goa collector said that due to shortage of data entry operators, it is difficult to bring down the quantum of pendency of cases but that he is still trying to reduce the pendency. The deputy collector and sub-divisional officer, Margao, said that not less than 150 mutation cases are received everyday in his office and only two data operators are finding it difficult to cope with the workload. Citing this as the reason for pendency of mutation cases, the deputy collector also said that the promotion of mamlatdars was also on hold for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331944", "title": "Linguistic edge", "text": "The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has discontinued Portuguese from the scheme of studies offered by the board, from the academic session 2012. Mandarin, the official language of the People's Republic of China, is finally being offered from this academic session.Speaking about discontinuing Portuguese and introducing Mandarin as an optional language for students, Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, says, \"Due to non-availability of students in Portuguese language, the curriculum committee of the board took a decision to discontinue the language option. However, if we note a demand for it in the next academic session, the board will offer it again. Besides, a lot of students from various CBSE schools across the country were willing to learn Mandarin as an optional language and hence, it is being offered to students from class VI onwards.\"CBSE had earlier planned to introduce Mandarin in about 11,000 schools affiliated to it. But, due to lack of trained teachers in the language, schools were unable to offer the language. According to Joshi, since China is emerging as a major world economy, career prospects are immense in the country, which is attracting many Indian students to be trained in Mandarin. The language will be offered as an optional subject from classes VI to XII. Training includes speaking and writing skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332318", "title": "Mahantesh murder case: \u2018What have they done to you, son?\u2019", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Maanti... Maanti... en aagoitappaa... \" (Maanti, Maanti , what happened to you, my son!) ,\" cried Puttannaiah, father of SP Mahantesh, as the slain official's body was brought to his Chamarajpet residence after a postmortem at Bowring Hospital on Sunday afternoon.Unable to bear the sight of his son's body, the father collapsed. \"Who did this to you my son?\" repeatedly cried Puttannaiah and his wife, Vijayamma. Mahantesh was the couple's only son. They have two older daughters. Wife Poornima was inconsolable , while daughters 10-yearold Raagini and eight-year-old Deepika were not ready to believe that their father was no more.Mahantesh's residence, on II Cross, Vittala Nagar in Chamarajpet , was a picture of grief since morning. Mourners grew in numbers as concerned citizens joined the grieving family members. The crowd grew restive when chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda arrived at the house.\"Today he was killed, tomorrow it will be us. What have you done about it?\" shouted a grieving citizen. Taken aback at the hostility , Gowda left but was accosted by mediapersons ouside. He refused to take any questions.S Suresh Kumar, minister for parliamentary affairs and law, who accompanied the chief minister, stayed back to pacify the family members and others. But even he was annoyed by the questions on police failure in investigations and left the place in a huff.\"It is simple. An honest officer has been killed for standing up for what he believed in. Why wasn't his life protected and what has this government done to protect its honest officers?\" a protester said. Soon, the demonstrators were outnumbered by supporters of a political party, who began shouting anti-government slogans.The funeral was conducted at the Chamarajpet burial ground later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13329105", "title": "Rs 20L spent, Air India pilot fails Dreamliner test", "text": "NEW DELHI: Boeing has returned an Air India commander sent to Singapore for getting trained on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner back to India after the pilot was not found fit flying the aircraft. This despite the fact that the airline managed extra training slots for him but even then commander, who currently flies a Boeing 747, could not fit the bill.AI is learnt to have spent over Rs 20 lakh in training this controversial captain who was sent to Singapore despite being over 55 years of age. With a retirement age of 58, AI was to send pilots just over 50 years so that it can recover the training expense incurred on them in his or her remaining years of service. The airline did not offer its comment for the story.\"The simulator training cost is $700-800 per hour. Even though AI will not be paying now because there are certain free hours as per the order deal, it will have to eventually start paying once the free hours are over,\" said sources.Incidentally the pilots of erstwhile AI and Indian Airlines are engaged in a battle of attrition over who will fly the 787. AI pilots' strike mainly on this issue entered the 11th day on Friday and shows no sign of abating. AI pilots claim that the airline would be wasting huge sums of money in converting Airbus pilots to a Boeing aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13344103", "title": "Best facial hairstyles from NBA all-stars", "text": "Some of the biggest names in the history of professional basketball have sported downright crazy mug manes to complement their cute little shorts. We pick our faves -- from today's all-stars to the NBA's Hall of Fame hairballs.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 1: Baron Davis The Knicks' point guard has a beard so full it gets to the basket about two steps ahead of him. It's not that it's not well-groomed -- it is -- but if he caught a pass in there, you'd have to call a time-out while a search posse went in after it.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 2: Kurt Rambis With his black-framed glasses, long blond hair and junior-high-lookin' lip brush, the former Laker forward looked like the kid your mom wouldn't let you hang out with in high school ... who now owns a Fortune 500 company. \"That kid's going nowhere!\"Facial hairstyle all-star No. 3: Drew Gooden The Milwaukee Buck power forward once rocked a beard that looked like a row of hairy (and scary) stalactites. This was the goatee from hell, serving up multiple downward pinnacles, each hanging at least 1/4 inch below Drew's chin-do.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 4: James Harden The Oklahoma City Thunder guard has been making big noise with his backboard-thick Afro-beard beneath his chin. He bundles it with a matching Mohawk to complete his captivating \"Invite a Road Warrior for Dinner\" look.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 5: James Edwards The former center for the \"Bad Boy\" Detroit Pistons had mutton chops that wrapped around an accompanying sneer like a couple of tire irons Velcro'd to his face. His yearbook shots were suitable for framing ... for an \"America's Most Wanted\" poster.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 6: DeShawn Stevenson New Jersey Nets fans haven't had much to cheer about this season (or virtually any other) except the majesty of DeShawn's chinscape. It's every bit as thick as Davis's or Harden's, but finely chiseled to a triangular point. The effect is akin to a Muslim cleric with a mean jump shot.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 7: Phil Jackson The coach who has won the most NBA championships (11) couldn't have done it (and didn't) without his signature facial forest. A member of the Knicks' legendary 1969-1970 World Championship team, \"The Zen Master\" sported a hippie-style full beard which seemed to take root and flower with each championship win.Facial hairstyle all-star No. 8: Scott Pollard While never an all-star, the recently retired, 11-season journeyman Samurai Scott rocked more unique beards than an Amish wedding. His gallery included a relatively regular Grizzly Adams look; an upper-lip, brushless Abe Lincoln; and a Hall of Fame-worthy pair of pigtails beneath his chinny-chin-chin.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13326237", "title": "Thane class 12 boy writes book on astronomy", "text": "THANE: A book on astronomy authored by a class XII student was released by science writer Mohan Apte and astronomer Hemant Mone on Sunday.Amit Patankar's 'Sky Hunt for Nakshatras' is in Marathi and English. \"I was fascinated with astronomy after attending a workshop conducted by the Marathi Vignyan Parishad,\" he said.\"I would travel to Murbad, Shahapur and Bhiwandi for an overnight stay and observe the stars and planets in the night sky. After two years of compiling information, I decided to write a book to spread awareness about the universe,\" Patankar said.Apte said, \"The book has been researched exhaustively. Amit showed so much sincerity and dedication while writing this book,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332668", "title": "BJP needs B S Yeddyurappa\u2019s support for council poll", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is not likely to face the party leadership's ire until June 11, as the BJP needs his support to get six of its party candidates elected to the legislative council from the assembly. Of the total 11 seats for which elections are being held on June 11, the BJP, with its numerical strength in the assembly can win 6, Congress 3, JD(S) 1 and the remaining one seat is up for grabs. The Congress can clinch this seat, provided the JD(S) supports it.A candidate requires 19 votes to get elected. The BJP has 120 MLAs excluding the seven Independents, and will be left with six surplus votes. The Congress, with 71 members after allotting the mandatory votes to its three candidates, will be the only party left with the highest number of surplus votes but short of five to get a fourth candidate elected.The JD(S) strength is 26 and will have seven surplus votes. With reports of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda getting close to JD(S) leader HD Kumaraswamy , the BJP-JD (S) combine cannot ensure victory of a common candidate unless they rope in Independents.It's for this reason BJP is reportedly playing dead bat to Yeddyurappa's strident criticism of the party. The party leadership can issue a whip to make him fall in line, and with Yeddyurappa having already distanced from the party, he may not mind any disciplinary action against him.Congress aspirants for the three sure seats have pitched camp in Delhi, seeking a ticket . The party will have a difficult time making the choice as it cannot ignore opposition leader C Motamma, in her capacity as a woman and dalit. There is no Vokkaliga representation from the party in the House .The last date for filing nomination papers is June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328497", "title": "At 24 metres, Rapid Metro piers are 'tallest' in country", "text": "GURGAON: Rapid Metro, the first private Metro in the country, has claimed to have constructed the country's tallest piers, measuring 24 metres in height. There two piers are currently 16 metres above the ground level and another 8 metres would be visible once the proposed underpass at the junction near Sikanderpur Metro station is constructed.Both the piers are located at a junction where three different construction projects have been proposed - which includes an underpass, a unidirectional flyover and the Metro system.The piers, circular in shape, are designed in a manner so that they can bear additional load. The diameter of each of these piers is two metres. The two structures, according to the private developer, were constructed within a time frame of 100 days.Survesh Tiwari, spokesperson, RMGL, said, \"The total space available on the ground was only five metres and the base of the pier had to be constructed within 10 metres of diameter, once we started digging. To achieve this, RMGL decided to go for the soldier piling technology. The method is also commonly known as the 'Berlin Wall' technology when steel piles and timber lagging is used. This was done to ensure the speedy completion of work with minimal disruptions and guarantee an unhindered traffic movement.\"Rapid Metro has used different shaped pillars at different locations, according to the needs. Circular, rectangular and oblong piers have been constructed according to the site constraints. The total number of pillars to be constructed on the viaduct is 222 out of which 201 have already been completed.The Rapid Metro link will cater to residential, commercial and office users. The project will help to decongest the cyber city and other areas. However, commuters are facing regular traffic snarls along the construction site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13326798", "title": "LIC Indore division business dips 30% in FY 2011-12", "text": "INDORE: The Indore division of the state-run Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) registered a fall of 30% in the terms of premium collection during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2012 as compared to the mark which it achieved by during the corresponding period the previous year.Similarly, the division also witnessed a marginal dip of 1% in the number of new policies sold by it during the year. It was due to the economic scenario prevailing in the country, said an LIC official, while announcing about the launch of new policies like Jeewan Vaibhav and Jeewan Akshay, which is being sold online.Agreeing to it, the newly appointed senior divisional manager, Ratnakar Patnaik, told the reporters here that LIC could sell 4.46 lakh new policies, whereas they earned Rs 313 crore by selling the premium during the year under observation.\"However, we are looking at a growth of 10-12% in terms of number of policies and an increase of more than 30% in terms of premium income during the current fiscal,\" said Patnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324636", "title": "Don\u2019t let results get larger than they are: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: With X and XII Board results just round the corner, students who have appeared for these exams as well as their parents are working themselves up in knots. Apprehension, worry and fear of consequences are bogging down both. With career at stake and admissions to various colleges and institutions depending on the outcome, it is unfortunately seen as a do-or-die situation.Statistics show the number of students committing or attempting suicides has been increasing. Thus counselling and consoling the students becomes imperative. Any performance related activity, be it in sphere of sports or academics creates some stress that leads to hormonal changes in the body, explains Dr Nishikant Kotwal, paediatrician and counsellor.\"These changes are attributed to happy hormones as they create a sense of euphoria. When performance gets combined with too much stress this does not happen. Then everything gets related to the outcome which results in apprehension and can lead to extreme actions,\" he says.The stress manifests itself in three ways. There are the physical signs like a child developing fever; vomiting, or feeling giddy. The stress also brings about behavioural changes like short attention span, irritability and reclusive behaviour. There are cognitive manifestations of this stress too in the form of apprehensions, depression and indulging in negative talk.Psychologist and child counsellor Anupama Gadkari says that over the last few years there has been a rise in the societal pressures. \"Besides pressure from peers or parents, perceptions and values imposed by society too contribute to stress. A good job and good life are associated with results,\" she says.\"As girls too are getting a more individualistic upbringing nowadays, they too are feeling the heat of result-related stress now,\" adds Gadkari. A positive trend is that parents are increasingly open to new careers options.Anxiety, negative thinking patterns and lack of emotional education lead to catastrophic thinking in students. Shishir Palsapure, emotional education trainer, says the fear of poor results creates a sense of worthlessness that can trigger extreme thoughts and action. \"There has to be an emphasis on studies without associating with self worth. A child needs to be told the practical advantages of scoring well but a score should not become a yardstick of his worth,\" he says.An alternative plan for the child is the best bet. Life coach Dr Sapna Sharma says parents need to focus on preparations. \"When waiting for results, explore alternative careers,\" she suggests. The bottom line is reassuring the child that whatever the result the family accepts it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329420", "title": "A Midsummer Night\u2019s Dream, again", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' would be a surrealistic experience for the theatre buffs in the city who will gather at the Senate Hall on Wednesday for the Malayalam version of the play directed by Thulaseedhara Kurup.Kurup has taken Kavalam Narayana Panicker's translated text of the play for the performance to be presented by former students and MPhil students of the Center for Performing and Visual Arts at the Kerala University. While most directors go for the tragedies while doing a Shakespearean play, Kurup prefers to be different. \"It is true that most of Shakespeare's classics like Othello, Macbeth, Hamlet and King Lear are tragedies and they are staged over and over again,\" said Kurup. \"Shakespeare's comedies are rarely performed on stage and these plays are equally adorable,\" he added.The play is a lively comedy in which the characters are lost in a magical world and the conflict that ensues after the magical forces starts to play upon them. While Shakespeare writes in verses, Panicker has made the text more prose oriented without diluting the essence of the play, said Kurup. Kurup's craftsmanship as a director is evident from his tweaking the text to ease down the difficult diction of Panicker whenever neccessary. \"I have snipped the text wherever the flow of dialogues are affected,\" added Kurup. The director hopes the play would deliver a dream-like experience to the audience. \"The effect I hope to have on the audience is similar to that the characters of the play experience in the play -- a surreal one,\" he said. The things to watch out for in the play are Puck's magical feat and the 'play within the play' sequence. \"There is plenty of scope for laughter in the play and the audience is bound to have a jovial time,\" he added.The cast in the play goes like Puck (Sarath Kumar V), Thesius (Jithin George Mathew), Aegius (Firoz), Lysander (Hazim MM), Dimetrius (Zulfiker Salim), Bottom (Santhosh G Nair), Hippolitta (Amitha Damodaran), Hermia (Indulekha L V), Helena (Remya Raj R), Titania (Aswathy Vijayan) and Oberon (Kannan Nayar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13334050", "title": "Electronics and communication", "text": "Netaji Subhas Institute of Technology (NSIT) has been offering a full-time fouryear degree course in electronics and communication engineering (ECE) since 1983.According to Sujata Sengar, assistant professor and associate head, ECE department, NSIT, the course has been one of the most sought-after courses among students since its inception and is likely to continue to be popular because of its market demands. Communication is a growing area as new inventions in electronics keep taking place.About the course, Sengar says, \"The ECE branch provides the ground and flexibility for those students who wish to opt for other streams. The curriculum for the first year of the course is the same for all the branches. The diversity of the curriculum becomes clear after the first year. The course comprises sufficient papers on all major fields of engineering - electrical engineering, computer science and control engineering. The final two years, however, are devoted almost entirely to advanced topics in electronics and communication engineering such as digital signal processing , microwave engineering and bipolar and MOS Analog IC design.\"The current intake of students in this course is 120. However, applications received by the college for this course is more than 12,000. Students are considered for admission into ECE with an AIEEE rank of up to 6,000. Sengar adds that ever since its inception, the ECE division has followed a curriculum that provides students with several advantages. The course material is diverse and provides the engineer-to-be with a truly holistic view of life in general and technology in particular. Also, the ECE curriculum provides a wide perspective in the field of electronics and allows students to decide their future.As far as career prospects are concerned, many students from the ECE branch often decide to pursue postgraduate studies to continue research in diverse areas. A number of students also continue with postgraduation at the Master's and PhD levels in well-known US universities . For more details about the course, fee etc, log on to www.nsit.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13348566", "title": "Prince Harry may return to frontline Afghanistan", "text": "Prince Harry, who returned home when the news of his deployment in Afghanistan broke in media in 2008, may have to go back to the front line before the end of the year .Addressing the Queen at the Diamond Jubilee Parade and Muster military tribute in Windsor, Gen Richards, Chief of the Defence Staff, said that the 27-year-old is 'likely' to resume operational duties, raising the prospect he will soon be flying Apache helicopters in Helmand.\"Prince Harry's success in flying training means it is likely he will serve operationally again,\" the Daily Mail quoted Richards as saying.It is the first time that a senior military figure has given such a clear indication of Harry's future deployment.Harry's return to the war zone will again raise fears that he would be a 'trophy' target for the Taliban.Harry has been on 'limited combat ready' status since February, which means he could be sent to Afghanistan with 662 Squadron.Prince Harry qualified as an Apache helicopter pilot in February this year after 18 months of training in the UK and US.He was a high-flyer during his Apache training, qualifying top of his class - which is a huge achievement given how notoriously difficult these airborne tanks are to master.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13348573", "title": "H-1B visa probe: Nasscom expresses concern", "text": "MELBOURNE: India's IT services industry body Nasscom has expressed concern over recent probe by the US against some Indian companies, including country's second largest software exporter Infosys, on allegations of violating visa norms.\"Nasscom is concerned over recent investigation in the US involving some Indian companies. However, we need to understand that the parameters governing H-1B/L-1 visas are not clearly defined,\" Nasscom Vice-President (Global trade and Development) Ameet Nivsarkar said.Nivsarkar, who is here to attend a three-day-long mega business event -- CeBIT Australia 2012 -- commencing in Sydney tomorrow, said, \"Indian industry has added significantly to the US competitiveness and have been good citizens, contributing to social security, local taxes, creating local employment, and contributing to the community\".He said Nasscom was focussed on building open markets, global trade and working with key stakeholders highlighting the benefits of employing IT.\"Nasscom is working with the governments, administration, policy makers to find ways that can help mitigate the impact upon the IT industry of visa restrictions, often based on flawed logic,\" Nivsarkar said.\"The election related rhetoric has historically targeted the industry; this is not a new phenomenon,\" he said, adding that officials need to also understand the role that the Indian IT industry has played in enhancing Global business competitiveness.Infosys, India's second-largest outsourcing firm, had recently revealed that US authorities were probing alleged irregularities in its business visas.The US Department of Homeland Security was said to have found a \"significant percentage\" of errors in the company's verifications of US work visa applications. Infosys and some of its employees had already been facing allegations of misuse of business visas in Texas.However, Infosys has denied accusations of abusing the US visa process while stating that in its disclosure to the US market watchdog, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), that it could face \"fines and penalties\" if US authorities find the company at fault.Nivsarkar said, \"Indian companies have been doing very well to boost partnerships/associations with the Australian companies.\"He added the global MNCs were present in the market for a longer duration as compared to Indian companies.\"Keeping this in mind, the Indian companies have done remarkably well to strengthen their presence in Australia, over this short span of time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331905", "title": "Schol watch", "text": "UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA NONRESIDENT TUITION SCHOLARSHIPSThe University of Minnesota offers Baccalaureate, Master's , and Doctoral degrees in virtually every field - from medicine to business, law to liberal arts, and science and engineering to architecture. The University of Minnesota offers a limited number of Global Excellence Scholarships for incoming freshmen and international students studying on an F-1 visa. These competitive scholarships cover the full difference between resident and nonresident tuition rates or 50% of the difference between resident and non-resident tuition rates. For fall 2012, the values of the awards are $2,500 or $5,000. No separate scholarship application is required. Students are considered for these awards based on an overall assessment of the admission application. For more information, visit: http:// bit.ly/M469FUMEENA SRINIVASAN MEMORIAL AWARDS FOR INDIAN ARTISTS 2012-2013Shastri Indo-Canadian Institute has announced a one time grant initiative, Meena Srinivasan Memorial Award (MSMA), for emerging Indian Artists, performing in the areas of Carnatic Music and Indian Classical Dance. With a purpose of leveraging the promotion of Indian arts and culture in Canada, the MSMA grant is aiming at assisting two talented young Indian artists with travel subsidies to visit to Canada in order to participate in cultural events or competitions, to be held in Canada.NUMBER AND SCOPE OF AWARDS:Two awards will be offered in the following categories: One music based award in support of Carnatic Music One dance based award in support of Indian classical danceVALUECA$ 1,500 (each award) These funds to be spent in supporting the international round trip (India-Canada-India ) economy airfare costs of the artistsAPPLICATION REQUIREMENTSAspirants need to provide the following supporting documents: A Letter of invitation from the host institution/organisation Curriculum Vitae (not more than three pages) Itinerary for prospective stay in Canada Two copies of audio/video on DVD/CD (five-15 minutes) Proof of Indian citizenship (copy of passport or other document)EVALUATION CRITERIAApplications will be evaluated on the basis of: Event/Host Institution (Three points) Evidence of training on the subject (Three points) The applicant's competence and potential for progress (Four points) The applicant's current and potential contribution to Indian arts through performance, exhibition and/or other forms of dissemination (Four Points)DISBURSEMENT OF FUNDSThe funds will be released to the awardees upon producing a copy of their appropriate Canadian visa for the travel along with a confirmed travel plan. For more information, please contact: Ms Rati Talwar, 5 Bhai Vir Singh Marg, New Delhi, India-110 001 Telephone: 91-11-2374-6417 /3114, www.sici.org.in/index.php?page=meenasrinivasan-memorial-awards-for-indian-artists-2012-2013APPLICATION DEADLINEPlease submit your completed electronic application form to the Shastri Institute's India Office to rati@sici.org.in by May 30", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13346593", "title": "iPhone 5 is Steve Jobs' baby: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: Late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs played a major role in the development of the tech giant's fifth generation iPhone, according to a report.In 2010, Jobs said no one would buy a smartphone so big that one couldn't get his/her hand around. But, according to a report by Bloomberg , it appears that Jobs may have changed his mind before he passed away.The report said that the next iPhone is expected to have a 4-inch screen, up from the current 3.5-inch screen. According to Stuff.co.nz, the report, however, said the phone won't necessarily need to get bigger to accommodate the larger screen.\"A 4-inch screen, measured diagonally, can fit on the face of the iPhone with the current dimensions,\" the report said. The next iPhone expected to hit stores in October, is also expected to finally work on 4G networks.It would join the third-generation iPad, which became the first Apple product to work with 4G earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13333807", "title": "6-month-old baby dies of suspected dengue", "text": "MADURAI: Government hospitals in the state are flooded with patients as the dengue scare has spread to almost all the districts in southern Tamil Nadu. Fortunately, in Madurai there has been no incidence of dengue so far.\"Three children have been admitted in the hospital. But they are from Virudhunagar district referred to the Madurai Government Rajaji Hospital,\" said dean of the hospital, Edwin Joe. The health staff in Madurai, are taken aback by the alarming outbreak in Tirunelveli and are taking efforts to prevent dengue in the villages. The district health authorities have asked the department staff to report cases of fever immediately.Dengue-prone villages have been identified and efforts are on to create awareness among public primarily on removal of stagnant fresh water where mosquitoes breed. Health officials have also planned to telecast a documentary film to create awareness on water storage. \"So far there is no incidence of dengue within the district. If local bodies and public cooperate, we can prevent dengue,\" said a health official in Madurai.However, down south the picture turned out to be grim with scores of men, women and children from villages landing up at the government hospitals with symptoms of dengue fever. In Kanyakumari, a six-month-old baby died on Saturday allegedly due to dengue at a private hosptial in Nagercoil. Though health officials claimed that the cause of death was pneumonia, collector S Nagaraj convened a meeting with the health staff and urged them to step up precautionary measures. While one child died due to dengue in Virudhunagar, several cases have been reported with symptoms of dengue in Tuticorin district keeping the health staff in all these districts on their toes.In Tirunelveli, 79 persons were admitted in various hospitals on Saturday while as many were admitted on Sunday.\"Many private hospitals hesitate to admit people with symptoms of dengue. They fear that if their treatment fails, villagers could direct their anger on the hospital staff,\" said a health official in Tirunelveli adding that this has led to overcrowding in government hospitals. \"There is an acute shortage of beds in government hospitals. We have asked patrons and private hospitals to lend unused beds,\" the official added. There is also a dearth of health staff, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327310", "title": "UPA loses sheen as BJP inches ahead: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: As it completes three years of its second term in office, the Congress-led UPA is losing its sheen while rival BJP is nosing ahead, a survey has revealed. The survey, conducted across 28 cities in April-May, reveals BJP could get 28% of the vote if Lok Sabha elections are held now, while Congress would manage only 20%.According to the ABP News AC Nielsen survey, BJP has is slowly gaining as only 69% of those who voted for Congress in 2009 are still intending to vote for it. Thirty-one per cent are moving away from it and 12% of these respondents intend to vote BJP. Whereas for BJP, 84% of those who voted for it will stick with the party and only 2% of those leaving are switching to Congress.Price rise and corruption seem to have affected Congress. And on likely PMs, Gujarat CM Narendra Modi has 17% backing over Manmohan Singh at 16%. Modi was preferred at number four during last year's survey (12%). Singh was ranked at number one last year (21%). Rahul Gandhi's score has dipped from 19% to 13% this year. Sonia Gandhi's score is down from 14% to 9%.The findings suggest that BJP's upswing is still not robust although Congress's fortunes are declining. For the BJP, the dip of 8% in the Congress vote share is not a complete gain. The BJP is gaining only a marginal 1%. The remaining 7% dip in Congress vote share among these respondents is a gain for regional parties that tends to confirm the view that these parties will be crucial in the formation of the next government.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's ratings are good with 37% respondents saying his performance was good or very good. Another 33% ranked him average while 28% believed his performance was poor or very poor. So, he seems to be escaping to some extent the decline in Congress ratings.About 36% of respondents felt the PM's performance was better than its last term. A dip of 8% is noted in the perception of people from last year's survey, where 44% respondents said the PM performed better than his previous term.Around 32% of respondents felt the UPA government's performance was better or much better than its last term. A dip of 8% is observed in the perception of people from last year's survey, where 40% of respondents felt that the performance of UPA government is better than in the previous term. 39% rated UPA performance as \"about the same\" this year, similar score in comparison to last year.UPA-2 seems to be failing in the key parameters of governance. 25% respondents wanted the government to take immediate steps to control corruption while 24% felt the government should take steps to monitor rising food and petrol prices.Concern over Naxalism is growing and is cited by 15% of respondents, this was mentioned by only 8% during last year's survey.Majority of respondents (57%) said the UPA government was the most corrupt government post-independence, and this figure has increased significantly as compared to the previous year (45%).Around 54% of respondents felt that 2G spectrum scam has impacted India's image as an investment destination. Only 10% of respondents believed that home minister P Chidambaram has not played any role in 2G scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346195", "title": "Bee Gees co-founder Robin Gibb passes away at 62", "text": "Robin Gibb , who fought a long battle with colon and liver cancer, succumbed to his ailment on Sunday. He was 62.Gibb's representative Doug Wright said that the singer's family announced in a statement saying \"Robin passed away today following his long battle with cancer and intestinal surgery.\"\"The family have asked that their privacy is respected at this very difficult time,\" Fox News quoted the statement as saying.As co-founder of Bee Gees, Gibb and his brothers were famed for the influential 1977 'Saturday Night Fever' soundtrack that became one of the fastest-selling albums of all time with its innovative fusion of harmony and pulsing dance floor rhythms.The album remains a turning point in popular music history, ending the hard rock era and ushering in a time when dance music ruled supreme.'Saturday Night Fever' -- actually a compilation album featuring the Bee Gees but including songs by other performers -- represented the pinnacle of Gibb's career, but he enjoyed more than 40 years of prominence as a Bee Gee, as a solo artist, and as a songwriter and producer for other artists.Gibb had to cancel several engagements in 2011, including one with Prime Minister David Cameron , and he showed an alarming weight loss on his rare public appearances.He was hospitalized briefly in 2011 with what doctors said was an inflamed colon, and had several intestinal surgeries to remove growths.Gibb is survived by his second wife, Dwina,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13325701", "title": "Latest payout options in Mihan confuse farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: It is bureaucratic ambiguity at its best in Mihan. A peculiar arithmetical formula to decide the quantum of compensation for project affected persons (PAPs) has created disparity in the compensation that will be received by people in the second round of payouts by the state government.After a series of agitations demanding a better deal, the government had come up with a new scheme a couple of months ago. It offered PAPs a choice of getting plots of developed land measuring 12.5% of their holdings acquired, or opt for cash compensation. Friday was the last date for the PAPs to indicate their options.Strangely, the developed land has to be 'purchased' from the government and the price is almost as much as the money some locals received as compensation earlier. Buying the plots would land them back at square one, so they may opt for cash compensation. But the other option too has its problems.It is a bounty for some, while those in Shivangaon village, who led the protest to get developed plots, have been left high and dry again. With this, there is a likelihood of the process for acquiring land for the much-needed second runway at Mihan being further delayed.Under the formula, if a PAP prefers the cash option, this amount is arrived at by doubling the per hectare rate of compensation already received, adding the development charges fixed at Rs 41 lakh, and then deducting the figure from Rs 1.50 crore - the current market rate for land in the SEZ.So, for example if a farmer got Rs 20 lakh per hectare, the cash amount eligible to him would be derived by adding Rs 40 lakh (double the sum) with Rs 41 lakh (development charges), before it is deducted from Rs 1.50 crore - the market rates for SEZ land. This comes to Rs 70 lakh, which is further reduced to the proportion of 12.5% of the holding acquired.So, residents of Shivangaon who got a payout in 2006 lose out in the bargain. At that time, per hectare rates ranged up to Rs 31 lakh and more, if a farmer had an orange orchard. In the present calculations, higher the basic compensation rate, lower the cash one gets.In some cases, villagers are not entitled to get any cash benefit at all, because the amount (compensation + development charge) exceeds the market value of SEZ land, said an official at Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC).Leader of the PAPs, in the village, Baba Dawre said that it has been decided in a meeting held on Sunday, that the villagers shall not cooperate with MADC, till the government agrees to reducing the development charge. Dawre says the charge must be limited to Rs 1.5 lakh an acre. He had also met the CM, Prithviraj chavan.However, for those in other villages like Telhara, Kalkuhi Dahegaon and Khapri, who got compensation between 2003-2005, the cash option is a windfall gain. Farmers here are getting up to a couple of crores. This is because the maximum compensation they got during that period ranged from Rs 3 to 4 lakh a hectare. So, lesser the amount of compensation, higher the cash benefit derived under the formula. But at the same time, even if this amount looks big, there are several claimants in the family, say officials.This is a standard formula used by the state government, adopted from City and Industries Development Corporation ( CIDCO), the official said. The development charges used in cash option are calculated on the amount spent by MADC on developing the SEZ so far. In case of the plot it is the expenditure to be incurred for developing it, he said.Sanjay Maske of Telhara will be getting a crore under this formula, as his original compensation was pegged at over Rs 2.5 lakh a hectare. Maske has two separate farms, so he plans to take cash for one of his fields and use the money to buy a developed plot in lieu of another. But he is demanding that the plot should be given free.With the Rs 27 lakh he received in 2005, he had purchased 4 acres of land, as he could not afford to buy more at that time, he says.Umesh from neighbouring Dahegaon is getting a similar amount and is happy with it.Those in Shivangaon, on the other hand, allege that the government has not kept its word. \"We were assured the charges will not go beyond Rs 1.5 lakh in any case. The villagers have decided to continue with the agitation,\" said Kumar Khobragade of Shivangaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328463", "title": "Government locks horns with realtor over forest land", "text": "GURGAON: The district forest department has issued notice to Ambience Group's Raj Singh Gehlot asking for \"retrieval of forest land\" in Nathupur bund-a protected forest area-which has been used for developing Ambience Island Lagun Apartment.The notice-a copy of which is in TOI's possession-was issued on May 15. It says: \"This notice is served on the said Raj Singh Gehlot for removal of all the structures constructed on the forest land along with all the malba or debris within 60 days of issue of this notice.\"The forest department \"registered post\" communique says the forest land needs to be retrieved in its original state.The notice mentions that 6000 sq m, which was part of the bund and nullah, has been used for construction of the apartment and other structures. Nathupur bund and the nullah had been declared a protected forest by the state government's gazette notification dated December 2, 1981. It says the construction is in gross violation of Forest (Conservation) Act and Indian Forest Act.A forest official who did not wish to be named said they have approached the environment court in Faridabad seeking an order for punishment in case the forest department's directions are not adhered to.The department has also marked a copy to the district town planner and the regional director of pollution control board, requesting them it \"to revoke all sanctions issued\".However, Gehlot denied receiving any such notice. \"We have not received any notification from the forest officials. We have obtained a stay on the case in the environment court. The government-conniving with my market rivals-has mala fide intentions in issuing such notices, which mean nothing,\" said Gehlot.He added that he had \"licences for construction from the departments concerned.\"Earlier, the forest department had issued notice to the builder in 2008 to discontinue the \"illegal\" construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13327277", "title": "Deforestation causes decline of local fruits in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Increasing deforestation and hardships involved in plucking the local summer fruits like kanntan, jambola, chunna and zambh have meant that the exotic summer delicacies are available in meagre quantities in Goa's markets year after year.Deforestation to make way for urbanization has ensured that collecting the fruits has become tougher for local vendors. The older generation of vendors, who would gather the fruits traditionally from the wild for sale, are also going down in numbers.\"We come from villages, but we too don't get these fruits easily now. Earlier, there was more forest cover in the villages. We have to roam deeper in the hills to pick these fruits now. The younger generation of sellers does not want to pluck the fruits as the profits are not as much. Our generation is getting old and because of our age we can't climb the hills,\" Ramu Naik, a vendor from the Ponda market, said.Many younger vendors said that instead of beating the odds to pluck the fruits, they prefer to buy them from villagers living in interiors of Goa who pluck them and supply to the vendors for a price. Most of these fruits in the Mapusa market come from the interiors of Pernem and Bicholim talukas and in Ponda market from Darbandora and other surrounding areas, vendors informed.An elderly vendor at the Panaji market, Anandi Chodankar, said, \"The government has cleared a vast forest area in the name of development, then how are we supposed to survive? This is our earning during the summer and they are destroying it. If the destruction is not stopped now, we will get to see even fewer of these wild fruits from next year.\"The low availability of kanntan, jambola, chunna and zambh has led to their prices to soar for the few buyers who still want to gain from the goodness of these seasonal wild fruits. Lower quantities of the fruits are available for the same price this year.This year, the smaller variety of jambola can be bought for 80 per 100, whereas the bigger variety costs a rupee for each fruit. \"Jambola being good for diabetes we buy them for whatever price it is available. We also buy them because we want our kids to have them now when they are available. In the future, they might not get to even see these local fruits,\" Ponda-resident Tulsidas Naik said.Kanntan and chunna are sold for Rs 20 per portion. Green zambh is priced at Rs two each, while the pink variety is nearly gone invisible.Director of agriculture, S S Tendulkar, said that the production of these wild fruits has not gone down except in the case of jambola. \"Apart from urbanization and industrialization, social change is also a prominent reason for their decrease in the market. Today's generation doesn't know much about these fruits and their delicacy. Chunna for example are found all over the Taleigao plateau, but you barely see passerbys plucking them.\"While some vendors claimed that the changing climate does not support the growth of these local fruits, the director of agriculture said that the growth of wild fruits is usually not affected by the climate. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13326447", "title": "40-year-old held for molesting daughter", "text": "MUMBAI: A 40-year-old man was arrested on Sunday for molesting his daughter over the past three years. Ram Singh (name changed), a labourer at an imitation jewellery workshop, will be produced before a metropolitan court on Monday.Singh lived in Ambhujwadi, Malwani, with his wife, two daughters and a son. The 18-year-old victim's ordeal began in November 2009 when her mother had gone to UP to take care of the victim's ailing granddad. \"The victim and her siblings were in Singh's care at that time. While the victim was asleep at night, Singh touched her inappropriately. When she woke up, Singh threatened her with a knife and molested her,\" an officer said.When the girl's mother returned, the victim confided in her. When her mother confronted Singh, he stopped talking to his family. He would return late from work and go straight to bed. Whenever he found the victim alone, he would continue to molest her, the police said.On May 2, Singh again molested the girl. When she raised an alarm, her mother woke up and pushed him out. On Sunday, the girl and her mother approached the cops. Singh was arrested for molestation and criminal intimidation. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13334914", "title": "Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital junior doctors thrash class IV employee", "text": "KANPUR: The junior doctors of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital allegedly thrashed a class IV employee. When other employees lodged protest over the incident, the JRs went on strike which hit the medical services for more than two hours on Sunday.According to the sources Utkarsh, a JR, thrashed a wardboy named as Vijendra Mishra on a silly reason that he was not leaving the room where he was having his lunch. When head of wardboys Raj Kumar Valmiki intervened, the JR misbehaved with him. This results into a clash. After this, the JRs went on strike.Emergency medical officer RL Mahip interved and sorted out the matter.Cases of misconduct by JRs have come to to light in past also. They have thrahed the kin of the patients. \"The kin of the patients urged them to admit a patient. They misbehaved with them. This has happened on Friday morning. Another second took place on Saturday when a guard intervened to control the situation but the JRs thrashed him also,\" said a class IV employee.The authorities of the hospital take no action against the unruly behaviour of the junior doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13334921", "title": "Women perform Bargad Puja for husband's long life", "text": "KANPUR: Married women observed Vat Savitri Puja or 'Bargad Puja' on Sunday. This puja is performed on 'purnima' of Jyesta month for the long life of husband.The temples having banyan tree witnessed a large number of women. Several of them preferred to go to the nearest banyan tree for puja. Cotton thread is wrapped around the tree trunk by the women who sing while tying the thread. They observe fast and eat after doing Vat Puja. In many parts of the country, the fast continues till night until the moon shines.During the period of Mahabharata, a woman named as Savitri, lost her husband as destined, one year after her marriage, near a banyan tree. She followed Yama to the land of the dead and through determination and intelligence managed to secure back her husband's life. In memory of that event, women go around the banyan trees, tying strings to it.The modern method is to get a branch of the banyan tree and worship it at home. Or get a bonsai of the Banyan tree for the puja. Traditionally, it is not considered as a proper way to perform puja.A 70 years old woman said that she is continuously performing this puja since the age of 14. \"I am performing Savitri Puja after my marriage at the age of 14. After all, it is my faith in this ritual which has kept me in a position to perform it year after year,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13334789", "title": "Common Entrance Test today and tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: The Common Entrance Test ( CET) will be held on Monday and Tuesday across 26 centres in the state, with 60 of them in Bangalore. A total of 1,20,945 candidates are appearing for the two-day exam. While 31 ,622 students will take the test in Bangalore centres, the rest will appear in the other centres .Kannada language test for Horanadu and Gadinadu Kannadigas will be held on Wednesday and 1,551 candidates are appearing for it at three centres in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13334401", "title": "Orang Rhino killed by poachers", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a gap of more than a year, a rhino lost it lives to poachers at Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park, about 150 km from here, on Saturday night.The poachers chopped off the tail of the rhino along with its horn. The tail was cut by the poachers so they can furnish it as proof that the horn is not fake.Mangaldoi divisional forest officer Sushil Kumar Daila said the rhino was an adult female and was killed close to the park boundary near Pichhla anti-poaching camp. The animal was killed the around 1.15am with four gun shots.Daila conceded that the poachers could kill the rhino because of dereliction of duty by the in-charge of Pichhla anti-poaching camp. This despite the fact that based on intelligence inputs, all the camps located along the park boundary were instructed to be on alert from 11pm to 2.30am. The in-charge, Ananta Dev Sarma, was later suspended for dereliction of duty.\"The poaching could happen after a long gap because of sheer negligence of the in-charge of the Pichhla camp. Following intelligence inputs, I had issued instructions to all camps on the boundary to be on alert from 11 pm to 2.30 am. However, it was found that the staff returned to Pichhla camp at midnight and went to sleep without informing the control room. They also did not react by firing when the poachers attacked the rhino,\" Daila said.He added that the spot where rhino was killed was barely 300 metre from the camp.\"On May 7, I, along with 20 other staff, had patrolled the entire park and found that two rhinos near Pichhla camp were frequently moving out towards the boundary of the park. This made them vulnerable to poachers. Based on specific inputs, I had alerted all the camps to be on a red alert,\" Daila said.The last rhino killed in Orang was in January 9, 2011. This year, Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park recorded 100 rhinos in the 78.81 sq km sanctuary.Daila said that the search for the poachers was on while vigil has been stepped up in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13332971", "title": "Mahapanchayat to pressure govt on Chotanagpur Tenancy ACT", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A mahapanchayat was organized by Left parties and the Jharkhand Bachao Andolan (JBA) to garner support and create pressure on the government for strict implementation of the Chotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act and tackle displacement in the name of industrialization and mining.Leaders of 14 Left parties and JBA addressed hundreds of villagers who had assembled on the premises of town hall here on Sunday. The convention unanimously resolved that no agricultural land would be given to any corporate sectors for setting up their industries or projects without finalizations of clear rehabilitation and resettlement (R&R;) policy. The participants also advocated a domicile policy for solving the problem of displacement and employment.JBA Founder Salkhan Murmu saidit was also decided that a mass and indefinite movement would be launched from May 22 at the Morhabadi groundsin Ranchi for awakening the masses and compel the state government to effectively implement the CNT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13326793", "title": "Cloud over airlifting Carbide waste to Germany", "text": "BHOPAL: Disposal of toxic waste of Union Carbide plant-from where the poisonous gas leaked in 1984 killing thousands of people and maiming lakhs of others-is under cloud yet again with questions being raised over the move to airlift the waste to Germany for safe disposal.\"It's a conspiracy and a trap by foreign funded organsiations. There is no transparency in the deal. Involving a foreign agency-the credentials of which are unknown-raise doubts about the entire deal\", said Alok Pratap Singh on whose petition in 2004 the Jabalpur high court had directed the government to clean up the toxic waste in the Union carbide plant premises.A day before the Group of Ministers (GOM) on Bhopal is likely to meet to discuss the issue of disposal of 350 metric tonnes of toxic waste, Singh wrote a letter to union Home Minister P Chidambaram saying that the move to get the waste disposed of by a German agency-GIZ international- was being taken without transparency.\"Foreign funded NGOs and vested interests have ganged up to make money out of the situation\", he told TOI, adding that the centre should make public details of the agency involved and all other aspects pertaining to the proposal to dispose of the toxic waste in a foreign country.Pointing out that similar proposals have come up in the past, Singh said \"It is not a question about just 350 MT of toxic waste over the surface, but also about the 27,000 tons of waste below the surface of the union carbide's pesticide plant\".Earlier on Thursday, a team from German agency, GIZ International Services, visited the union carbide plant. GIZ has offered to airlift the toxic waste from Bhopal to a treatment facility in Hamburg , Germany. The agency is likely to give a presentation before the GoM, according to Madhya Pradesh government officials.Meanwhile, Supreme Court has listed the hearing on the matter of disposal of toxic waste of Union Carbide plant on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13335377", "title": "Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti activists arrested before hunger strike", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Sunday arrested four activists of Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) from Lakhimpur town on charges of burning an NHPC diesel tanker in the district when they tried to launched an indefinite hunger strike in protest against the harassment of anti-dam activists by the government. The arrested persons were idientified as Bhaben Saikia, Ajad Hazarika, Lakhi Saikia and Haren Saikia.Superintendent of police (Lakhimpur) Prasanta Kumar Bhuyan said: \"We have arrested four KMSS members who were wanted overt their involvement in the diesel tanker burning case. They have been absconding for the last few days.''KMSS publicity secretary Kamal Kumar Medhi said: \"The police arrested the activists when they tried to launch an indefinite hunger strike in protest against the police atrocities on our workers and the construction of big dams.\" tnnfast in Guwahati on Saturday.''Meanwhile, activists in Jorhat and Golaghat also launched an indefinite hunger strike at the district headquarters on Sunday to pressure the government to fulfill their demands. KMSS Jorhat district general secretary Bitupan Duarah said: \"Biren Saikai and Ranjit Gogoi in Jorhat and Simanta Das and Prasanta Hazarika in Golaghat started am indefinite hunger strike. Hundreds of locals along with members of some other organizations extended their support to our agitation opposing the 2000MW Lower Subansiri Hydro Electric Project.''Team Anna core team member and KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi launched indefinite hunger strike in Guwahati on Saturday protesting government harassment on anti-dam activists and construction of big dams. KMSS said police arrested their members and damaged a camp in Lakhimpur without any provocation. According to them, on May 11, some miscreants set a diesel tanker headed for the NHPC dam site at Thekeraguri in Lakhimpur on fire, but the police, failing to idientify the miscreants, accused KMSS workers of burning the tanker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332282", "title": "Dream catcher", "text": "I got the opportunity to explore the interconnectedness of the world around through an eclectic mix of subjects ranging from statistics and algorithms to art appreciationPursuing mechanical engineering from Delhi College of Engineering , working at Deloitte Consulting, Teach For India and Grameen Creative Lab, respectively; performing plays across the country with Leela Arts, Asmita Theatre Group, Downthere Productions, etc, and chairing national live audience debates at the Indian Debating fuelled existential and societal questions in me. I was yearning to learn more and catapult myself as a leader in thought, ideas and action. The pursuit of knowledge and vision of creative impact was what drew me towards the Young India Fellowship (YIFP), which, in conjunction with the University of Pennsylvania (UPenn), is a one-year , fully-funded residential scholarship.As a Young India Fellow, I got the opportunity to explore the interconnectedness of the world around through an eclectic mix of subjects ranging from statistics, algorithms and economics to sociology , philosophy and art appreciation , conducted by top faculty from across the globe. As a part of the experiential learning component of the fellowship, I led the business development and expansion strategy of the start-up social enterprise 'What's up Bharat,' which aims at bringing social issues closer to the youth of the country through carefully curated programmes , partnerships. Educational inequity in India deeply pains me. With eight million children out of school in India, there is a compelling need to graduate from programme mediation to institution building. My vision is to partner with top schools across cities and build a chain of world class schools-cum-vocational training centres across rural India that would focus on inculcating scientific temper and social consciousness , and nurture leaders from the grassroots. In partnership with top NGOs, international development agencies and the government, this could evolve into a consolidated platform for a structured transformation in the educational ecosystem of India.I have been selected to pursue higher studies in public policy and management at Carnegie Mellon University with MSPPM Dean's Scholarship, Sciences Po, Paris, London School of Economics , University of Chicago , University of Michigan , Hertie School of Governance and Cornell . I am yet to decide where I will study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13334458", "title": "We were not informed about plastic bag ban: All Guwahati Traders' Association", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Guwahati Traders' Association (Agta) alleged that the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) kept the association in the dark regarding the ban on using polythene bags below the prescribed thickness limit.As the GMC vowed to take stringent measures against the sale or use of polythene bags that could clog the city's drainage system during the monsoon season, the Agta said that the traders' body, representing over 43,000 traders of greater Guwahati, has yet to be directly communicated by the GMC as far as the prohibitory order slapped on the use of plastic products in the city is concerned.The GMC, in a recent order, urged traders and the public to refrain from disposing plastic products or thermocol at public places, streets, drains or water bodies within the GMC area from June 1.\"We are the premier traders' body of the city with a membership of over 43,000 traders and bases in 110 markets in greater Guwahati, but we have been kept in the dark regarding the GMC's prohibitory order on the use of plastic products and thermocol,\" Prantosh Roy, general secretary of Agta said.Roy said that while implementing the order from June 1, the administration must curb the production of plastic bags in factories. \"The distributors get plastic bags from factories and sell these bags to whole sellers. The GMC must curb the production of polythene bags instead of targeting retail sellers,\" Roy added.However, regarding the implementation of the order by the traders of the Agta from June 1, Roy said, \"It is a big decision to ban plastic bags. Had the GMC handed over the order directly to us, we would have held a meeting of our executive and core committee to create awareness among the city traders.\"He said added, \"The Agta is ready to cooperate with the GMC in its drive against plastic products, but I don't think many of our traders are aware of the GMC directive yet.\"\"Plastic bags with a minimum thickness of 40 microns will be allowed for use after the prohibitory order on plastic products comes into effect from next month,\" GMC commissioner Puru Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13351001", "title": "Sports ministry for probe into charges of black money in IPL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid charges of black money playing a part in the IPL, sports ministry has asked the finance ministry to order an expeditious probe into it.Sports minister Ajay Maken told the Lok Sabha on Monday that the sports secretary has written a letter last week in this regard to the revenue secretary and has sought the inquiry to be conducted in an expeditious manner by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the Income Tax Department.Maken also said that 19 notices have been issued to IPL and BCCI for FEMA violations to the tune of Rs 1,077 crore and sports ministry joint secretary has also written a letter to the ED on May 17 seeking expeditious probe into the matter.The sports minister was responding to an issue raised by former cricketer Kirti Azad of BJP, who made a strong pitch for a special audit by independent people into the conduct of the BCCI and other concerned sports organisations which were registered.Maken also made a strong pitch for bringing the BCCI under Right to Information, saying the Central Information Commission was hearing the issue.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , who is Leader of the Lok Sabha, was present when the issue was raised and Azad, a former cricketer who sat on hunger strike on Sunday, got support from the BJP benches as also JD (U) leader Sharad Yadav and some Left members.Azad, who has been vocal in the matter and has been raising the issue of black money in IPL, did not appear to be satisfied by the sports minister's announcement as he said that until and unless a special audit is conducted, it would not yield any result.Seeking to dismiss charges by Azad that the government treats the BCCI with kid-gloves due to backing of influential people, Maken said the government has acted expeditiously against the BCCI in the past and has ensured that it no longer enjoyed tax exemptions as a charitable body.He said IT Department had ensured the BCCI to pay income tax dues of Rs 365.24 crore from 1996-97 to 2006-07.The income tax realised in 2007-08 was Rs 118 crore, while the tax liability of 2008-09 was Rs 257.12 crore, of which Rs 131 crore have been realised. For rest of the amount, the BCCI has gone to the tax tribunal.The IPL tournament has come under cloud with five Indian cricket players being suspended last week pending an inquiry, as the BCCI cracked the whip in the wake of a TV sting operation which claimed to expose corruption in IPL.Maken, who has been at the loggerheads with the BCCI over its refusal to come under the RTI, has been insisting that the cricket board could not be trusted to carry out a probe on its own into the spot-fixing allegations made in the TV sting.The sports minister said BCCI qualifies for being brought under RTI in view of the fact that its single-most important function was to select the Indian team.He said the BCCI and other cricket associations have got a large amount of land almost free from state governments and other institutions.Azad alleged that the way the IPL was creating controversy after controversy, India's image was being lowered. He said the latest was that some IPL players have been caught in a rave party.He said it was necessary to find out the source of money laundering through tax havens in the IPL and this could be done through special audits by independent people. He also took exception to BCCI's refusal to come under the RTI.Describing the finance minister as a father figure for him as he had worked with his late father Bhagwat Jha Azad, the former cricketer wanted the government to act tough against wrong-doings of the IPL and the BCCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323639", "title": "Fugitive gangster nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nazir Vora, a Juhapura-based gangster, escaped from custody of his police escorts on Saturday night. The incident took place when he was taken to his home in Juhapura illegally by his police escorts of Navsari. Vora's freedom, however, did not last for long. He and his police escorts were arrested some hours later from Bharuch.\"Vora and another gangster of the Latif gang, Abdul Wahab, had locked horns over a land dispute. Both the gang members were booked under PASA. Vora was sent to Navsari jail, while Wahab was sent to Jamnagar jail,\" said a city police official.On Sunday, the PASA board held a meeting in Ahmedabad. In all such meetings PASA accused can present their point of view, urging for a review. For this purpose Vora was to be brought to Ahmedabad by bus. However, Vora made a counter offer to his police escorts and got his car driven down to Navsari from Ahmedabad. Vora along with his police escorts - ASI Amrut Lakhan, constable Moti Patel and Lok Rakshak jawan, Dhir Moman - left Navsari late on Saturday night and reached Ahmedabad early on Sunday.The team straight went to Vora's residence in Juhapura\"The cops agreeing to use Vora's car and taking him to home was a gross violation of norms,\" said the official. The cops took Vora to PASA board's meeting venue in circuit house annexe at Shahibaug after five hours. After the meeting, instead of Navsari, Vora was again taken to his home. At 9 pm, deputy commissioner of police (Zone I) V Chandrashekhar got a tip-off about this and he asked his striking force officials to raid Vora's home along with Vejalpur police cops.\"When cops reached his bungalow in Juhapura, Vora and the cops were sitting on the lawn, watching television and drinking beer. Seeing the police team, Vora along with Amrut and Dhir escaped through the back door. However, the constable was caught,\" said the official. Alert was issued and the trio's car was intercepted near Bharuch leading to their arrest.\"Vora's bungalow has several CCTVs. We hope to get footage of these CCTVs to learn about the accused's movements,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13355388", "title": "Evangelist K A Paul arrested in murder conspiracy case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh police today arrested evangelist K A Paul for allegedly conspiring to kill a person.Raghurami Reddy, Superintendent of Police, Prakasam, said that Paul was charged under IPC sections 120 B (for hatching criminal conspiracy to abduct) and 307 (attempt to murder). In addition, he is facing a charge under Prevention of Corruption Act too.According to the police, Paul tried to eliminate Koteswara Rao, the main accused in the case related to murder of Paul's brother, Daniel.Daniel was found dead on a highway in 2010 under mysterious circumstances. \"Paul was arrested for conspiring to eliminate Koteswara. He had tried to lure a police official by offering a bribe to kill Koteswar in (fake) encounter,\" Reddy told PTI.Paul allegedly offered Rs one crore to a police inspector, and paid Rs 3 lakh as advance.Paul, who was in Ongole to campaign for his outfit 'Praja Shanti Party' for the ensuing bypolls, was remanded in judicial custody after he was produced in a local court.The evangelist came into news after he alleged that Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, the then chief minister, had demanded Rs 20 crore from him for election funds. Paul said he had refused to give the money. Later he floated his own party. Talking to reporters before being sent to the local prison, Paul said Congress leaders and Y S Jaganmohan Reddy conspired to send him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13351355", "title": "Uncertainty over construction of indoor stadium", "text": "KORAPUT: Uncertainty prevails over construction of an indoor stadium at Jeypore town in Odiaha's Koraput district as part of a plan of Integrated Tribal Development Agency (ITDA) due to alleged lack of coordination among various departments involved in the construction.ITDA has prepared the blueprint for the project at an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore and a fund of Rs 45 lakh has been sanctioned under the Backward Region Grant Fund since 2011-12, but the work is yet to commence as the agency has failed to get a suitable land for the purpose.Officials said though they had written to the Tehsildar and the municipality several times to provide a patch of around two acre land for the construction of the stadium, the fund is lying unused for the past two years.\"We have written to the tehsil office and the Jeypore municipality several times but we are yet to get a suitable patch of land for the purpose,\" said Jeypore ITDA project administrator Laxmi Dhar Das. \"As soon as we get the land, work for the stadium will start,\" he added.Jeypore tehsildar Maheswar Naik said, \"We had offered land at some locations but ITDA officials rejected them as unsuitable for the construction of an indoor stadium. We are looking for a few new patch of land in the town\".Locals feel as the town lacks a well-equipped stadium, sincere efforts should be made to ensure the indoor stadium is built before the fund is returned. The stadium will also help in growth of indoor games in the region, they say.\"Presence of an indoor stadium will undoubtedly boost the efficiency of sportspersons in various indoor games and will help in grooming budding players. Big tournaments could also be organised which will help in growth of indoor games like badminton, chess and table tennis,\" said Kapilendra Singhal, a badminton player.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13354869", "title": "B-Town actresses prefer divorced men", "text": "What is it about successful actresses that make them choose a divorced guy?It is not something that we have never talked before! But the one thing common about B-Town's leading actresses is that they have chosen a divorced guy as their soulmate. Hema Malini , Shabana Azmi , Sridevi , Raveena Tandon, Shilpa Shetty, Lara Dutta , Nayanthara, Sarika have all settled for men who had walked the aisle before. Kareena Kapoor is in a relationship with Saif Ali Khan who was married earlier, Vidya Balan is supposedly dating Siddharth Roy Kapur who was married earlier and there were rumours of Priyanka Chopra being more than friends with Shah Rukh Khan . What is it about these men that attracts women to settle for them? The financial security and growing friendship that later turns into love is often cited as important reasons why divorced men are preferred.The lure and attraction of a married man is stronger sometimes. He has been-there-done-that before and he has exactly learned how to impress a woman and pamper her. He does not want to repeat the mistakes and situations he got into earlier and so the second time they are much more cautious to make it work. More than anything else it is also about the kind of circumstances that a woman gets into. Growing friendship, proximity to these actors at work, and a much needed desire for emotional security draws these successful women actors to them. Many argue that while being in a relationship with a man, few go on to think that they are married. It is more about the kind of friendship they share and then the growing friendship turns into love.Ugly battles have been fought by the first wives or like Prakash Kaur (Dharmendra's wife) have preferred to be silent. It is never about holding any person responsible for breaking a marriage. Like they say, a marriage breaks not because of another woman but because there is something lacking in their marriage earlier.As Shilpa Shetty or Raveena Tandon have often said in interviews that they chose to follow their heart when they opted for their soulmate. At the end of the day, it is about finding your happiness and creating an effort to be in a good relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13332983", "title": "Rajnath Singh blames UPA govt for lack of development in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: BJP MP Rajnath Singh has blamed Naxalism for under-development of Jharkhand and accused the Congress-led UPA government for the situation.Talking to media here on Sunday, Singh admitted that Jharkhand had not developed according to expectation of the BJP when it took the lead role in getting the state separated from Bihar. However instead of putting the onus on local government, he dragged the central government for not having stringent anti-Naxalite policies and the menace hindering the path of development.\"We can expect the state to perform well only when the Centre comes up with concrete policies to tackle the greatest internal security threat as has already been pointed out by the Prime Minister,\" he said.Singh was here to meet chief minister Arjun Munda and his wife Meera, who are recuperating from their injuries that they suffered in a helicopter crash. Singh expressed satisfaction over their recovery.On the BJP's debacle in the Rajya Sabha election, he said the party was not having required strength in the state assembly and hence was not confident about winning the seat. He admitted that the coalition in the state with partners like the JMM and the Ajsu was nothing but an arrangement to give good governance in the state. \"We have no complains if the newly elected Rajya Sabha MP of the JMM Sanjeev Kumar is supporting the UPA government at the Centre,\" he said drawing a line between politics in Delhi and in the state.The BJP leader tried to play down Yeddyurappa's anti-BJP and pro-Congress statements. \"The BJP is a democratic party and every leader has the freedom to speak out their minds, still there is no difference among the senior leaders over any important issue,\" he said. Singh criticized the UPA government at the Centre accusing it of miserably failing to implement economic policies, diplomatic approach and maintenance of internal security. \"Value of Indian rupee is degrading with every passing day and the foreign exchange reserve is dwindling,\" he said expressing concern about the future of Indian economy. He also criticized the government's stand in dealing with China. \"Chinese troops have touched Indian borders at least 400 times in the past couple of years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "13330030", "title": "Gang involved in PMET paper racket busted", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Police busted a five-member inter-state gang here, allegedly involved in leaking question papers of pre-medical entrance test (PMET) and helping candidates clear the exam, conducted in the state on Sunday.Police claimed that the accused were taking Rs 12 lakh from candidates on the pretext of providing a copy of question paper and assuring admission in big institutions. They also recovered a fake question paper of PMET, Rs 4 lakh in cash and some other important documents. Explaining the modus operandi of the gang, Hardial Singh Mann, SSP, Ferozepur, said that the gang used to contact candidates over phone. They had reportedly established contacts with aspiring candidates and lured them to make deals for clearing the test.Following an input that some persons involved in selling PMET question papers in the area, a team led by Ragubir Singh, SP (D), nabbed Dilshad Hussain, Rinku Sidhu and Dheeraj Baghra, residents of New Delhi, from Guruhar Sahai area in the district, Mann said.On questioning, the arrested persons provided information about other members of the gang as well. Subsequently, a police team was sent to Guruhar Sahai area, which nabbed two other accused, identified as Dr Rajpal Singh Bhuller and Mool Raj, both residents of Guruhar Sahai area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329581", "title": "Chalai merchants\u2019 association seeks govt aid for fire-affected shop owners", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Small scale merchants at Chalai bazaar are coming together to help their peers who suffered serious losses during the fire mishap in April. Already they have amassed Rs 26,000 for the merchants to resume their business. It was on April 12, a fire broke out at Chalai and caused severe loss to two shops. One shop was totally gutted and all the electrical goods and furniture stocked in the shop were burnt completely. Shop owner Abdul Khadar's loss due to the fire was around Rs 10 lakh .\"These merchants definitely need some help. We are doing whatever little we can to help them. But the amount is too small and hence we are planning to approach the state government for more aid,\" said Mohammad Sidhique, president of vyapari vyavasayi ekopana samithi (Chalai-Kothuval unit).The merchants association will present a memorandum to the state government seeking sufficient aid for the merchants who are mired in debts following the fire mishap. The merchants are also deeply worried that such events may recur in the future.\"The market seems to be prone to frequent fire attacks. Every time when something happens, we are promised action. But once the initial din is over, nobody cares to visit the place. Often merchants are left in serious trouble after every fire mishap. The crammed shops are a major problem,\" said Sidhique.The association is also planning to present a letter detailing the need to improve the conditions of Chalai market. \"Earlier the authorities had planned a major project for the Chalai market. We will also request the government to step up the efforts to implement the project in a time-bound manner,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "13329434", "title": "There\u2019s no messing with them", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: It seems like the only way of jerking authorities into action is to lead by example. New Lajpat Nagar residents found the formula works as they set out to clean a garbage dump with the help of a hired labour on Saturday morning.Just as they were about to start work, area councillor called up to assure the site will be clean in four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330397", "title": "204 treated at camp by Hindu Mission hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: A total of 204 persons were treated for various ailments at the Thiruporur by a camp conducted by Hindu Mission Hospital on Sunday.Seven doctors attended on patients who were treated for general ailment, eye, dental, gynaecological and skin disorders.13 persons were treated for ENT problems and 53 persons were provided treatment for eye ailments. 20 children also attended the camp and treated by a paediatrician and 23 persons were referred to go for general surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "in a research tie-up , atletico de madrid foundation (amf) and ie university, spain, are launching a 'think tank", "code": "13331721", "title": "Research goal", "text": "In a research tie-up , Atletico de Madrid Foundation (AMF) and IE University, Spain, are launching a 'Think Tank: An Observatory Lab' as part of the university's sports club research and development efforts. The observatory lab will promote applied research in sports, marketing, management, physical education and sports medicine. The aim of the centre will be to focus on developing activities to improve the lives of athletes and to promote values integral to sports as well as to society.Francisco Mata, Dean of Programmes at IE University, explains that sport clubs and companies are handling ever-increasing amounts of money. Also, they are becoming socially significant as they channel the aspirations of the majority of the population, especially youngsters. \"But they face big challenges, such as their common inability to manage budgets to achieve their aims and objectives and their desire to work for community, among others,\" he says, adding that sports clubs and teams are becoming a strategic sector in Spain.In fact, some of the top companies in Spain such as Santander bank or Repsol opted for sponsoring sports teams as a vehicle for their international expansion. Considering the backdrop, conducting an in-depth research on how to best achieve the goals of both the sponsor and the team that is being sponsored, is becoming relevant today.At IE University, Mata adds, Ignacio Urrutia , professor, has been working closely with sports teams in order to maximise the benefits they get from sponsors. \"Being able to deepen this research with the collaboration of an ever-increasing number of teams and the work of our students is going to add a lot of value to all the agents involved,\" he says.As to how this tie-up is going to pave the way for the future, Mata elaborates that in the particular case of AMF, the university will focus on management of youth teams.Lab talkAlso, the university has launched 10 labs, in partnership with companies and institutions. One of the most important labs the university is currently setting up is the Start-Up Lab, where it will be mentoring its entrepreneurial students when they launch their own start-ups .\"In that lab, we will be helping students to polish their business plan, bring experts to help students with marketing, legal or financial advice. Finally, we will be bringing 'business angels' in the hope that they will reach some kind of agreement with our students that may lead to their investing in the start-ups that will be established around the university,\" informs Mata.Each lab has a four-fold objective. He further adds, \"First, we want our students to learn-by-doing . We will give them the responsibility of consultancy service to those companies and institutions we have signed agreements with. Secondly, those said companies and institutions are going to receive in-depth research in the areas of their concern, mainly carried out by our students but monitored by our professors. Also, most of such research is going to be carried out with the idea of creating some kind of spin-off company. Thirdly, our professors will channel their research interests through the joint collaboration between those companies and institutions and the university, hence allowing for a much closer contact with the industry than in everyday academic research.\" For more stories, log on to www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327894", "title": "Rejig IPC to make it women-friendly: NCW", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over rising crime and lack of adequate legal protection for women, the National Commission for Women (NCW) has recommended an overhaul of the Indian Penal Code for tackling offences against women.The NCW placed its recommendations before the National Human Rights Commission and both statutory bodies are mulling bringing out a combined paper on the matter with the assistance of the Law Commission of India.\"The NCW is deeply concerned about the rising violence and newer forms of atrocities against women and the inadequacy of legal provisions to provide punishment,\" NCW member Charu Wali Khanna said.\"Women are subjected to brutal attacks due to their gender and our current IPC has no severe punishment for these crimes. There is a serious need to re-draft IPC and include a separate chapter on violence against women,\" she said.The US constitution has a separate chapter on violence against women, she said.Khanna said they will have to hold year-long consultations with officials and ministries concerned to bring out a holistic IPC that caters to women's current needs.IPC, the main criminal code of India, covers all substantive aspects of criminal law. Drafted in 1860 during the British Raj, it has since been amended several times and is now supplemented by other criminal provisions. The IPC is sub-divided into 23 chapters comprising 511 sections.\"Many of the provisions in the IPC are outdated although it has been amended over the years. This is true specially for laws dealing with atrocities committed on women. With rising crime against women, the laws also need to be made more stringent,\" Khanna said.The inclusion of a separate chapter in IPC was discussed at the Statutory Full Commission of NHRC in February and it was decided that NCW send a proposal on the issue to the rights body for its consideration.In the meeting, Khanna had stressed that rape was not always a crime motivated by desire, but a hostile act and an attempt to hurt and humiliate the community or family to which the victim belongs. \"The simple truth is that women are targeted because of their gender,\" she had said.In the meeting, she also said it was pertinent to mention that most of these women belonged to the SC/ST sections of society. \"Finally, punishment and trial is as per the IPC and the CrPC. In the IPC, there is no severe punishment for these crimes; but in rural areas, these crimes result in serious law and order problems and can lead to communal/caste violence and tension,\" she had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13335493", "title": "Seminar on inculcating reading habit concludes", "text": "GUWAHATI: A two-day national seminar titled 'Creation of Reading Habit in the Society' concluded here on Saturday. The main objective of the seminar was to instill a habit of reading among people, which has seen a downward trend in the past few years due to the surge in digitalization and lack of proper reading infrastructure.The seminar, sponsored by the UGC, was organized by Gauhati Commerce College in collaboration with the Assam College Librarians' Association. It was attended by over 250 participants and was inaugurated by Alaka Buragohain, retired professor of the department of information science, Gauhati University. It was also attended by CP Bashist, former professor of library science, Delhi University .Bashist stated that for reading a proper culture should be inculcated, and it was the responsible of the stakeholders to identify and recognize the roles in creating a conjugal system for an environment.\"It has been seen that students only read books for academic purposes. The youth do not read for pleasure. They should visit libraries. It is important for parents and teachers to inculcate a reading habit amongst them. They should read about influential people and take cues from their lives,\" said Utpal Sarma, librarian of Gauhati Commerce College and coordinator of the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "katna (murshidabad)", "code": "13327136", "title": "Woman wins over criminals, starts school", "text": "KATNA (MURSHIDABAD): She took on her tormentors, not with cudgels but with love, reason and a courage of conviction. As they brandished arms, she persuaded them to give up violence and join her in a good cause. In the end, she won them over and convinced them to give up criminal activities and join hands with her to set up an English-medium school in a backward area where few got education.Fifty-eight-year-old Shabnam Ramaswamy, daughter of an army doctor, not only launched the school at Katna in Murshidabad - 280 km from Kolkata - which is now attended by more than 400 students, she also reformed a band of criminals who had opposed the school.It was way back in 1998 that Shabnam and her journalist husband Jugnu Ramaswamy had decided to do something for the children of the area from where she hails. They acquired a 3.5-acre plot and went about setting up the school. It irked a section of local leaders who suspected their motive. They threatened the couple, but they refused to give up. A group of four anti-socials was then hired to scare them out of the area. On August 7, 1998, bombs were hurled at the couple's home in Katna. They had a narrow escape. Though shaken, they didn't relent. On the contrary, it made them even more determined to go ahead.A month after the attack, when one of the criminals - Sheikh Sanowar - sought her help to avoid arrest, she started persuading him to give up unlawful activities and join her. After a prolonged effort, she succeeded. Sanowar joined her as a driver and got his three gang members - Abu Taher, Ghulam Mallik and Jabbar Sheikh - to follow suit. \"All of them were repentant and said they had been paid to force us out of Katna. While Sanowar became my driver, the other three promised to send their children and grandchildren to my school. They can protect the school with their lives,\" said Shabnam.Jagriti Public School was inaugurated in 2005, the same year Shabnam lost her husband. \"I moved to Katna after that,\" said the former resident of Delhi.Abu Taher, whose grandson Saheb Sheikh is the first boy of Class IV, swears by the school. \"Didi has done wonders for Katna by setting up the school. More importantly, she has helped us return to a normal, stable life. Hundreds of children who'd otherwise be denied the opportunity to study are now going to an English-medium school,\" gushed Taher who runs a dhaba.Sanowar's daughter Runi Khatun and Jabbar's son Sharif, too, study at Jagriti. While Ghulam Mallik is now a trader, Jabbar runs a shoe-mending shop. \"We have discovered the joy of living after coming in touch with her,\" said Jabbar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327987", "title": "Veterans share experience with first-time MLAs", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the second day of the orientation programme held for the newly elected MLAs of the 16th Vidhan Sabha on Sunday, chairman of the Vidhan Parishad Ganesh Shankar Pandey said that since 1937 UP assembly has been known for its rich traditions and conventions and it is the responsibility of the newly elected members of the House to maintain those traditions.He advised the MLAs to keep themselves well informed about parliamentary rules and parliamentary literature.Revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary informed the members about Rule 301 under which questions of only public interest are raised in the house. He said that notice under Rule 301 should be given between 9.00 a.m. and 10.00 a.m. and the member giving this notice should remain present in the House until the speaker of the house gives information about the receipt of the notice.Former assembly speaker Sukhdev Rajbhar while throwing light on the importance of leader of the House and leader of the opposition said that members should quietly listen to them and should never interrupt them, while they address the House as it is against the tenets of parliamentary democracy. He said that speaker of the House constitute various committees to run it smoothly. The members nominated to these committees should take part in the every meeting of these committees and present their views in a strong way.Speaker of the Madhya Pradesh assembly Ishwardas Rohani said that members should always observe courtesy and respect the chair at all cost. \"Maintaining integrity of the legislature is the biggest challenge. The members should extend their cooperation in running the House by maintaining its dignity. They should never cross the 'Laxman Rekha',\" he said.Throwing light on the importance of question hour, senior most member of the UP assembly Radhamohan Das, said, \"Question hour is the most important hour in the assembly and this hour never differentiates between old and new members. The new members should take maximum part in question hour. Since question hour is the costliest and the most important hour of the House, questions related to the government should only be asked in this hour,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13327738", "title": "Hurriyat cadre clash over its constitution", "text": "SRINAGAR: The so-called moderate Hurriyat Conference leaders, many of them second-rung, clashed on Sunday with some even sustaining injuries during a seminar titled, 'Shaheedon ka khoon aur hamara mustaqbil (The sacrifice of the martyrs and our future)'.The Hurriyat had organized the conference as part of a six-day programme at the Hurriyat headquarters at Rajbagh to mark the killing of two of Kashmir's best known leaders, Maulvi Mohammad Farooq and Abdul Gani Lone. Hurriyat's observing the 21st death anniversary of Farooq and 10th death anniversary of Lone, both killed by militants.\"Most senior leaders were stopped from participating in the seminar by the police, with Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Prof Abdul Gani Bhat under house-arrest,\" said Hurriyat spokesman, Shahid-ul-Islam. The Mirwaiz is the chairman of the moderate Hurriyat faction and Bhat heads Muslim Conference, a part of the Hurriyat. The clashes were triggered because of Bhat's speech in Sopore recently, in which he questioned the UN resolutions on Kashmir. He also criticized the greater autonomy proposal of the ruling National Conference and the idea of self-rule of the opposition, PDP. The debate Bhat's comments generated led to clashes during the seminar with supporters of prominent separatist leaders Shabir Ahmad Shah and Nayeem Ahmad Khan clashing against supporters of Bhat. Barring Maulvi Abbas Ansari, no senior executive member of the moderate faction was present.As soon as Nayeem Khan finished his speech ridiculing the Hurriyat leadership for not acting against Bhat for his May 7 comments, Bhat's and Mirwaiz's supporters raised slogans against Khan which led to the clashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13322216", "title": "Biotechnology: New frontier for scientists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Tata Nano parked in Gujarat, another nano is creating buzz nowadays in the state. It is nanotechnology that has stumped the experts with infinite possibilities in every sphere of life. While various industries have already started reaping benefits from use of nanotech, it is now turn of the huge pharmaceutical industry in the state to follow the trend.The Gujarat Forensic Science University (GFSU) awarded its first PhD to Malay Shah this year for his thesis on nano drug delivery system. Shah's research focused on the drug delivery by nano lipids in eye diseases. Talking about the research, Shah said that with the use of nano technology, they have developed a system where the agents can be targeted at specific parts of the body with specific dosage. \"It is not only biodegradable but less toxic and more effective. Many drugs have adverse effects or side effects but with this technique, it can be prevented,\" said Shah.Another student, Amit Lad, will soon be awarded PhD for his research on the subject of effect of therapeutic drugs in diseases such as cancer. Lad has explored use of nano biosensors to detect changes in DNA patterns and effect of drugs on the patterns. Lad along with others developed silicon, platinum and gold-based nano sensors for the purpose. On the basis of his research, Lad has received post-doctoral scholarship from IECB at Bordeaux, France to further the development.Prof YK Agrawal, director, Institute of Research and Development, said that Ashish Dhiru, a research scholar from California, USA, will soon be joining GFSU for post-doctoral research. \"He has been awarded Ramalingaswami Fellowship by Department of Biotechnology, Government of India under which he will start his work from July. With his help, we are hopeful of starting a biotechnology wing in the institute,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13316174", "title": "How Aamir's show scores over Oprah's", "text": "Three weeks into his show, Aamir Khan surely seems to have a cult following. While his show may not be as 'massy' as Amitabh Bachchan's Kaun Banega Crorepati or Salman Khan's Dus Ka Dum, his clever way appealing to both the hearts and the minds has helped him appeal to the viewers.While the trade pundits have already slammed the show for not gathering enough TRPs as compared to the other celeb shows, the show still has managed to trend online and has become a talking point.The obvious comparisons on the first week was that of Aamir Khan's Satyamev Jayate being similar to the Oprah Winfrey Show , which also spoke about people, social issues and had icon the show. But, with three weeks into the show, Aamir's way of tackling issues seems to be a better tool than Oprah's.Here are a few reasons why:While Oprah's sensitive issue-tackling worked, it mainly enjoyed viewership of homemakers and women. Aamir, on the other hand, has generated interest within most sections of the society.While Oprah's show discussed victims and their trials, Aamir's show is trying to be a catalyst. With the final segment allowing viewers to send an SMS to bring about reforms brings in an interactive element with the victim.Celebrities are not a focus on Aamir's show. Maybe, the fact that the actor himself is a big brand has worked, but the show doesn't require celebrity endorsements. Oprah's show had celebrity guests talking about their personal lives, making it border on the lines of a chat show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328333", "title": "'Indian tried to help Luke enter room'", "text": "NEW DELHI: CCTV footage shows a man, identified by cops as Bangalore IPL player K P Appanna , along with the guard, walking towards the room, while Luke Pomersbach hangs back. The Australian later walks towards the room and then backtracks after being refused entry.Delhi Police officials told TOI Appanna had come to ask Zohal if a Bangalore team official was in the room. Zohal claimed to TOI that when she opened the door slightly, the \"skinny Indian guy\" tried to force it open, even as Luke too tried to barge in. \"I was trying to close the door because I was already frightened and Sahil was lying inside the room bloody and beaten up. The Indian and Luke tried to open the door while I had to force it shut. The hotel guard was standing outside doing nothing to help me,\" she alleged.Zohal told TOI some men threatened her at the Primus Hospital and later at the Maurya Sheraton hotel and asked her to drop the charges. Among them, the same \"skinny guy\" threatened her, she said.\"There was a big white guy with Luke at the hospital on Friday morning. He was wearing a yellow t-shirt and kept saying something to me. All I heard was 'Drop the charges' and I ran inside the building to avoid him,\" she said.Later, when Sahil's wound was being stitched, Zohal said another person approached her but she refused to speak to him. \"He was this short chubby guy and said he was from the IPL team. He identified himself as Avinash and gave my friend his number, asking me to call him. I was really scared.\"\"The skinny Indian guy also kept following me inside the hospital. I screamed at him, 'Leave me alone' but he kept following me. He told me, 'Withdraw the case. It's not going to take you anywhere'. I mentioned this to the police as well but they have not written it in the FIR,\" she said.She also said that when she returned to the hotel on Friday morning to collect her belongings, there were five-six \"white men\" waiting at the entrance of her room to speak to her. \"I rushed inside. I was in shock and felt in danger after what had taken place a short while ago. I didn't allow anyone to come into my room. Even when we were leaving, the men were still standing there and tried to talk to me.\"Zohal said cops had told her that they would scrutinize the CCTV footage, adding that these incidents took place between 10 and 11.20am. \"I can identify the guys if I see the footage. One of them had white or sharp blonde hair,\" she said.Asked about the allegations, additional CP Dwivedi said, \"The FIR was registered at 10.30am and the alleged incident happened at 11.30am when she went to pick up her clothing. Moreover, the statement on which the FIR was based was in English, dictated and signed by her.\"Meanwhile, cops recorded Sahil Peerzada's statement. \"He told us he and Zohal had moved to Maurya Sheraton from Hotel Leela on May 16. The room had been booked through Hyderabad IPL team owner Venkat Ram under Sahil's name. He said after the party on Friday morning, Luke accompanied them to his suite for drinks and then molested the complainant. When Sahil tried to stop him, Luke punched him repeatedly and he fell down,\" a senior officer said.Sahil also said Zohal was his girlfriend and he knew her for six years, the officer said.Cops are waiting to record the statements of Sahil's friends Miraz and Moiz, who were inside the hotel room at the time of the alleged incident.\"Both flew to Mumbai on Friday, after Sahil was admitted in hospital. We have asked them to come to Delhi to give their statement on what took place inside room 1640, where Zohal and Sahil were staying. We will be questioning them closely as soon as they come to Delhi,\" said a senior cop.Who is Appanna?BANGALORE: Left-arm spinner K P Appanna, who plays for Karnataka in the Ranji Trophy, shot into prominence with a four-wicket haul for Team Bangalore against Rajasthan in IPL-5.The 23-year-old, who has been a member of Team Bangalore since the inaugural season, was returning after a one-year lay-off (2010-11) due to injury. In the Ranji Trophy last year, he was the leading wicket-taker for Karnataka, taking 28 wickets from 8 games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13326914", "title": "Jaipur jewellers cry foul over \u2018missing\u2019 parcels", "text": "JAIPUR: City jewellers are a worried lot these days. Nearly 70 postal parcels with sample design pieces have reportedly gone missing and not reached the concerned foreign buyers.Local exporters of gems and jewellery have now sought police intervention and lodged a case against the Government Post Office (GPO) on Saturday alleging involvement of officials in the 'missing parcels'.Adding to the jewellers' woes, the insurance companies are denying their claims, and have stopped insuring fresh parcels containing jewellery. \"Thursday onwards, the insurance companies are refusing to insure such parcels. Besides, 50 insurance claims are pending,\" said Kailash Mittal of Sarafa Traders Association.Various exporters of gems and jewellery from the city send postal parcels via Government Post Office to USA, Dubai, Japan and Hong Kong and UK among other countries to get their designs approved by the buyers. Since January 2012, at least 70 such parcels never reached the buyers.\"It is a common practice for us to send a sample jewellery piece to the foreign buyer who after examining it reverts approving the design, or in some cases asking for minor alterations. However, for a past few months our clients are not receiving the parcels,\" Rajesh Dhamani, secretary, Jaipur Jewellers Association told TOI on Sunday.A case against officials of GPO under Section 406 A (Criminal breach of trust) of IPC and Section 52 of Post Office Act has been lodged, Dhamani said.\"Police needs to probe if officials of the post office opened these parcels and took the valuables,\" he said.Nearly 2,000 small and large exporters of gems and jewellery have been hit in the city.\"Our orders are stuck. The samples we are sending for approval to our buyers are sometimes not reaching them. In other cases, our buyers after approving the design had sent back the sample but we are yet to receive these,\" said Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kodaikanal", "code": "13333677", "title": "Flower show a big hit in Kodai", "text": "KODAIKANAL: Visitors to the flower show between Sunday and Monday as part of the Kodai festival in the hill retreat of Kodaikanal were thrilled with the variety of more than 3 lakh flowers on display. The flowers included varieties such as daffodils, renunculus from New Delhi and hybrid dahlia from Kolkata. Other flower varieties were andreanum, coronation, French marigolds and roses. Besides, 15,000 cut flowers of roses, coronation, heleconium and marigold were kept in flower vases at the show.The horticulture department has created Panda bears using coronation flowers cultivated at home as well as from Ooty and Bangalore. Technicians from Salem, Ooty and Bangalore helped erect a 10-foot-high panda and a 5-foot panda as the special attractions for the show. The musical fountain in the park, which was under repair, was spruced up at a cost of Rs 45 lakh and operated after many years.State electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan inaugurated Kodai festival, while the two-day flower show at the park - the highlight of the festival - was inaugurated by agriculture minister S Damodaran. The cultural events were inaugurated by tourism minister Gokula Indira. Tourism secretary V K Jayakodi, district collector N Venkatachalam, tourism officer Hari Radhakrishnan and other officials were present for the inauguration.Horticultural sources said the response from the public was overwhelming as the number of visitors crossed 20,000 for the first time in the history of the flower show organised in the town. The overwhelming response was due to the 14 different improvement works being carried out in the park with funds totalling Rs 112.977 lakh allocated for tourism development. The works include sprucing up of the statue of Anna in front of the park, formation of lily ponds, laying of footpath and wooden bridges and creation of new flower beds.Deputy director of horticulture (Kodaikanal) S Raja Mohamed said the flower show on the inaugural day recorded Rs 4.17 lakh revenue with more than 20,000 visitors, which is the first time in the history of the show. Last year, the revenue was Rs 2.85 lakh with 12,000 visitors, he said. \"The flower show had salient features such as panda bears made of 10,000 coronation flowers and a musical fountain. We have received 200 entries from farmers displaying their flowers and another 100 entries for vegetables and spices. The best stalls will be given prizes on Monday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13331292", "title": "Piling on kilos? It\u2019s time to stop snacking at night", "text": "LONDON: It's known that gorging on fatty food can make you fat. Now, a new study led by an Indian researcher has claimed that eating late in night can also help you pile on the kilos.In experiments on mice, a team at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in California found that eating while we stay up to browse the internet or watch a late film is likely to be contributing to rising obesity levels. Satchidananda Panda, an associate professor who led the study, said at certain times of day the liver, intestines and muscles are at peak efficiency, while at other times they are \"sleeping\".\"Every organ has a clock. Those metabolic cycles are critical. When mice or people eat through the day and night, it can throw off those normal metabolic cycles,\" Panda was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.In the study, the researchers allowed a group of mice to eat only during an eighthour period, while a second group could graze on what they wanted all day and night. They found that even though the two groups were taking in about the same amount of calories, those who ate at set times during the day did not become obese.The researchers explained that the mice who ate when they wanted gained weight because they disrupted their body clock - and the same principle may apply to humans too. T he mice that ate all day and night had 70% more fatty deposits than the other group.Noting that eating patterns have changed in recent years as people have more reasons to stay up at night, Panda suggested restricting meal times could help to lower obesity levels. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13342764", "title": "Karan Johar to reveal Student Of The Year's debutants", "text": "Karan Johar's fortieth birthday bash is slowly but surely turning into a Bollywood blockbuster, KJo style.With drama - that's sure to unfold with the three Khans (Aamir, Salman and Shah Rukh) under one roof , action - that is being planned by good friend Manish Malhotra , glamour - with even the waiters wearing tuxedoes specially designed by Manish - the party that'll be held at a suburban five star on May 24, has all the makings of a potboiler. And now, TOI has found out that Johar has even planned a surprise climax for it. The filmmaker is all set to introduce the three debutants who star in his next directorial Student Of The Year at the party. In fact, Varun Dhawan, Siddharth Malhotra and Aalia Bhatt with a little help from party planner Manish, have already decided on a special act to surprise the birthday boy and his guests.While this big 'introduction' of the debutants is surely the surprise that KJo had been planning, to package it better, his friend Manish has decided to lend a helping hand. The designer will be styling Aalia for the party.When contacted, Manish confirmed the news and said, \"We have shortlisted a few dresses. A final call will be taken on Monday night. I am working along with a few international couturiers for the western wardrobe that Aalia will wear.\"A friend of Karan revealed that the boys - Siddharth and Varun will however be styled by other designers.Interestingly, most newcomers, even those who are launched by big banners, have to try hard to find a foothold in the industry after their first release. This is the first time that a filmmaker is paving the way for debutants even before they take the first step. KJo surely is taking his mentor status seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "13329971", "title": "Over 300 say yes to yoga", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Many residents of the city suffering from knee and other joint problems benefited from attending a yoga camp, here, on Sunday morning. Those gathered in the Model Town park were told these pains were a result of poor lifestyle, with those as young as 35 suffering due to wrong food habits and lack of exercise.As many as 300 availed the opportunity to learn about 'asanas' meant to cure or avoid the problem. ''I learned the yoga exercises that can help treat my knee pain. It's far better to rely on yoga than be dependent on medicines. I will encourage my entire family to take to yoga for fitness and peace of mind,'' said Vijay Garg, a resident of Urban Estate Dugri, Phase I.Sarabha Nagar resident Ramesh Sharma said yoga was all about detoxifying the body and mind of dead cells and negative thoughts.Organizers Pankaj Virmani, Dharam Singh and Parveen Sharma said they were happy with the response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327183", "title": "Haryana special vans to hold database of criminals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pehchan Kaun, the catchphrase which became wildly popular after television stand-up comedian Navin Prabhakar used it for one his skits involving a bar girl, is now the name of a Haryana Police criminal identification programme.Haryana Police will introduce mobile vehicles fitted with equipment that can read fingerprints of suspects and find out whether they are active criminals. The vehicles, named 'Pehchan Kaun, will have fingerprint records of 50,000 active criminals from Delhi, Haryana, UP and Rajasthan for their easy identification.\"We are not inspired by any television show. We are using it because a criminal's identity is the first thing that comes to a cop's mind when he is investigating a case or looking for a criminal,\" said Layak Ram Dabas, director, State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB).The pilot of these PCR vans equipped with mobile live scanner has been successful in Panipat and will be launched in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Rohtak this week. In all police commissionerates such as Gurgaon and Faridabad, two such vehicles would be deployed. Dabas said the entire state would get these vehicles by month end.He added that a criminal can be taken to the vehicle for recording fingerprints and the cops can immediately find out if the suspect was involved in criminal activity in recent years. \"Once criminals know that they can be caught, they will avoid entering these areas. In fact, since we launched the pilot in Panipat, the rate of property-related crimes has gone down by 15%,\" Dabas said.He said these vehicles were helpful when deployed near police pickets. At a later stage, these vans will be used to verify and match fingerprints of criminals at the scene of crime within minutes. \"We don't need to send the prints to a laboratory. We have a provision where the fingerprint database can be revised and updated,\" he added.An automatic fingerprint identification system has been set up at the SCRB headquarters in Madhuban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13330071", "title": "He\u2019s on a mission to bring spiritual enlightenment", "text": "SBS NAGAR: At 72, when most people of his age wallow in the comforts of life, T R Sharma of SBS Nagar is struggling with words and thoughts to write poems that will spiritually enlighten the youngsters. Sharma believes the current education system teaches children only to earn money at the cost of spiritual values and traditions. Having written over 100 poems on various subjects, Sharma is now compiling his best poems in a book.A retired teacher from technical education and industrial training department, Sharma said he has been writing poetry since he was just 12 years old. ''My favourite subject is children and through my poems, I seek God's blessings that kids would gain spiritual knowledge. I have also written satires on our political system since politicians work only to fulfil their selfish wishes and welfare is hardly on their agenda,'' said Sharma.Appreciating her husband's talent, Ajit Kumari Sharma, a retired teacher, said now with time on his hands Sharma remains engrossed in writing poems throughout the day. ''I think his poems are always to the point and hit the nail hard on its head. I am certain his poems will be an asset for this nation and children will both enjoy and learn from them,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13326480", "title": "Karnataka govt officer pays with his life for exposing scams", "text": "BANGALORE: A senior Karnataka government official who blew the lid off several scams in state housing cooperative societies succumbed to his injuries five days after he was attacked near a Bangalore hotel.The whistleblower, S P Mahantesh, was deputy director with the state's audit watchdog - Directorate of Cooperative Audit.Mahantesh, 48, who was on life support, died of an heart attack on Sunday, hospital sources said. He had suffered serious head injuries.Police are still scrambling for clues even five days after the attack. They also made no effort to locate a lone eyewitness in the case. They had pinned hope on Mahantesh's statement after his recovery. After his death triggered outrage in Bangalore, state home minister R Ashoka set up four teams headed by a senior IPS officer and promised an early breakthrough.Mahantesh was attacked in front of the residence of the Karnataka high court chief justice on Palace Road on Tuesday. He was on his way home after an audit of a credit cooperative society in Sahakarnagar. The attackers came in a car and hit him on the head with a blunt object. He lost consciousness and lay sprawled on the road. Security guards of a nearby hotel rushed him to hospital.His family members said Mahantesh had no enmity with anyone and the attack had to with his work - auditing Bangalore's notorious cooperative societies which are embroiled in irregularities. Whistleblowers confirmed the officer had helped crack scams in many housing societies.Chief minister Sadananda Gowda was heckled by Mahantesh's family and friends when he went to offer condolences. The chief minister promised to arrest the assailants even as mourners raised slogans against the shoddy probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13333813", "title": "Centre should come out with a Haj policy: Indian Union Muslim League", "text": "MADURAI: Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) has urged the Central government to come out with a Haj policy after the Supreme Court's recent directive to the government to phase out subsidies given to Haj travel in the next 10 years.Addressing media persons here on Sunday, IUML state president, K M Kader Mohideen said that during late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's period when Haj travel was changed from sea to air, the government agreed to provide concessions on the flight fare. Besides, the government used to spend on a delegation to help the Haj pilgrims numbering more than 1.75 lakh. The subsidy amount of Rs 685 crore includes the expenditure of the delegation as well and it was wrong to term the entire expenditure as subsidy on air travel, Mohideen said. Hence, in the wake of the Supreme Court judgment, the Centre should draft a new Haj policy on how they are going to provide medical and other necessary help for the pilgrims, he added.Commenting on the one year achievement campaign of the ruling party, Mohideen differed from the usual criticism of other parties but maintained that few of the schemes of the present state government are good. \"Last one year, we kept hearing a lot of announcements from the chief minister, but the challenge is how the government is going to materialise them. Jayalalithaa is faster in announcing and known for quick decisions but she should be prudent with the speedy actions as well,\" he mentioned.\"She is quicker in measures of destroying opposition parties with court cases but eliminating the opposition is not good for a healthy democratic system,\" he pointed out. He also expressed concerns over the ruling party bombarding the projects of the previous regime. \"The ruling party should stick to its election promises and should seek other parties' consent if the party comes out with any new projects,\" Mohideen stated.A public meeting was later held on Sunday evening to urge the government to implement the Renganath Misra commission's recommendations for Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315047", "title": "Manisha praises GenNext actors", "text": "Bollywood actress Manisha Koirala is back in Mollywood with Lenin Rajendran's Edavapathy.The actress, who essays the role of Uthara Unni's mother in the flick, is all praise for today's young actors. Quiz her on whether she gives tips to her co-stars, and she says, \"No. They don't need that. Today's youngsters are way too sharp.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331211", "title": "Will entry load return benefit the industry, investors?", "text": "ET Wealth asked prominent experts from the industry to share their views on this contentious topic. Here's what four of them had to sayDhirendra Kumar CEO, Value Research-NoThere's no doubt that ending the entry load resulted in business distress. However , it does not mean that there's a case for restoring it in the same form as it existed till July 2009. The epicentre of any business is the product or service that is delivered to the customer, not the provider's financial well-being . So, the solution must come from the creation of a business model that explicitly links the economic interests of the distributor with those of the investor. For instance, the interest of the investor lies in being suggested a good fund, starting an SIP in it, and then sticking to it. How can we align the distributor's interest with this? Perhaps by giving him a more substantial, and possibly escalating, trail commission if this outcome is achieved.This is just an example of how the distributor business model and remuneration should be linked to the actual, desired outcome. The way forward would probably have to start with making the pie bigger, which could be necessary for growth and expansion. The question is, will it be paid for by higher expenses or bigger exit loads? All changes should be linked to the desired outcomes, instead of hoping for these to be a side-effect . The industry's view that the entry load ban was counter-productive is correct, but the solution doesn't lie in turning the clock back.Srikanth Meenakshi Director, Funds India-NoLaying the blame for the woes of the mutual fund industry on the singular act of abolishment of entry loads is misguided . Hoping to restore the industry's fortunes by reversing this decision would be a miscalculation. The end of entry loads was widely and correctly perceived as an investor-friendly act, which addressed the problems of mis-selling and churning. While it's true that its i m p l e m e n t at i o n could have been done in a more deliberate and phased manner, the distribution industry has settled down to the new economics . A reversal, partial or full, would be regressive and is likely to antagonise the investing community. Moreover, the reasons for the reduced retail inflow were high deposit rates, a volatile, rangebound equity market and uncertainty over ELSS funds, not the lack of distribution incentives.The regulator has helped the industry by bringing in new investors. Easing the KYC norms would be a good start. Enrolment of new customers via online platforms would be a good way to get young, first-time investors. For offline clients, standardisation of application and servicing forms across AMCs would relieve several pain points. Such measures, along with a robust equity market, would do more to restore the industry's health than a rollback of investor-friendly regulation.Hemant Rustagi CEO, Wiseinvest Advisors-Yes , but...The Indian mutual fund industry has grown from a single player to 44 today. However, it has been a roller coaster ride so far and mutual funds have failed to find a permanent place in the investment universe. So, the way forward would be to take steps that can help investors benefit from this instrument.Changing the mindsets of investors, especially considering their penchant for traditional instruments and disiniterest in equities, is not easy. The onerous task of convincing them to migrate to market-related products is not only time-consuming but also requires both the mutual fund industry and distributors to commit huge resources in terms of money and manpower.In the long run investors have a lot to gain from a healthy mutual fund industry and a well-oiled distribution network, so it is fair that they share at least a part of the cost involved in the process by way of an entry load. While the reintroduction of entry loads may not be the panacea for all the issues that have been hampering the industry's growth, it would be a step in the right direction. It will encourage serious players to continue with their efforts and motivate many more to join the bandwagon.Ajit Dayal Chairman, Quantum AMC-NoThe mutual fund industry and the distribution channels see the resumption of entry loads as necessary to return to the era of flourishing sales. It will be a retrograde step that eats into investors' savings and fattens the wallets of AMCs and their distribution partners.Every service provider needs to be compensated for his work, but the distributors ' pay must come from AMCs, not investors. If a mutual fund house builds its own branch network and sales team, the cost is borne by the AMC from its annual 1% management fee. If, however , the AMC uses a distribution channel to sell its products to investors, the cost-upfront or by exit commissions-is paid by the investor. Why should the investor subsidise the distributor-led expansion plans of an AMC?While the distributor must collect a transparent, declared commission paid by the AMC, financial advisers must collect their fees from clients. It will allow the client to gauge the quality of financial advice and if the fee is worth it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327765", "title": "Mayawati crying foul over inquiries against her: Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party (SP) has described the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) president Mayawati's press conference in Delhi on Saturday as an attempt to give the inquiries and investigations underway into the scams that took place during her regime, the colour of \"political vendetta\".SP spokesperson (UP unit) Rajendra Chaudhary said that the BSP supremo was only laying the grounds to politically counter her deeds that she had committed during her regime. He said she was crying foul so that tomorrow when she is indicted in the Rs 40,000 crore scams, she can easily say that action was politically motivated. \"But I am sure the people of Uttar Pradesh are clever enough to see what she is doing. The scams that have come to light are something that everyone in UP is aware of since day one,\" Chaudhary said on Sunday.\"Bar bar keh rahi hain siyaar aaya... siyaar aaya... jab such mein siyaar aayega to kahengi ki wo to pehle se hi jaanti thi ki siyaar aane wala hai,\" (She is saying that everything that will happen against her will be politically motivated. Tomorrow, when she gets indicted in the inquiries that are underway in the scams during her regime, she will say this was what she was talking about), Chaudhary said.He said there is nothing that the SP government has done out of vendetta till date. \"Not a single action of the government can be described as motivated against any party or individual. This is because the SP does not believe in such politics. But we will not allow anyone to use terms like 'political vendetta' and 'motivated action' as a shield to seek immunity from the law of the land. If someone has committed a crime, he or she will have to pay for it as per the law,\" Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328322", "title": "Govt looks to move Lokpal bill in this session", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government plans to try and move the Lokpal bill afresh in Rajya Sabha before the current session of Parliament ends on Tuesday.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee has said the government will sound out the business advisory committee and sources said Congress is keen to move the bill despite a lack of consensus over major aspects of the proposed legislation.The view in government has been divided but the consensus now seems to be that the ruling coalition should signal its intent any way, particularly as the Anna Hazare campaign and the opposition are accusing the Centre of dragging its feet on the anti-graft law.The bill is expected to incorporate some amendments like doing away with a prescriptive clause on how states should form their Lokayuktas that got the goat of all regional parties with BJP and Left also joining the cohort.The Congress leadership wants the bill to be passed as it sees the failure to do so a big gap in its defences against the charge that the government is slack in combating corruption. While government managers have been working on the brief set out by the party high command, they are finding it hard to get past BJP and Left demands for CBI being brought completely under the proposed Lokpal.In discussions over the bill, Congress managers have been asking whether the opposition would want CBI to be totally autonomous of the government in a situation where it is in office. They have been arguing that Lokpal supervision be restricted to cases referred to CBI by the anti-corruption ombudsman.The ruling coalition hopes that deletion of the Lokayukta clause will be enough to assuage its ally Trinamool Congress and outside supporters Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party. The government is examining how insistent SP and BSP are on the CBI formulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323689", "title": "Famous literary figure Bholabhai Patel passes away, his wisdom survives", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bholabhai Patel, a revered literary figure from Gujarat, died of a massive heart attack on Sunday at 9:30 am at Medisurge hospital in Ahmedabad. He was 77. Patel was a well-known essayist, popular travelogue writer, and an ideal teacher. He was the recipient of Padma Shree and the National Sahitya Akademi Award.Scholars, writers, hundreds of followers and fans - scores of students among them - attended his final farewell held by the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad at 4 pm on Sunday. \"Puri thai gayi badhi jivan ni len den\" - many could not help recalling these words from Patel's translated Bengali poem, 'Van Lata Sen'. Spiritual leader Morari Bapu has paid homage to Bholabhai Patel, hailing the writer's capacity for 'micro-observation'. Morari Bapu has said that the loss would be felt by the world of literature in India. The guru has offered condolences to Patel's family.Kumarpal Desai, a writer who is one of the Patel's most distinguished peers, says: \"Patel was a mentor of many established and budding writers.\" Desai is a former president of the Gujarat Sahitya Parishad, and a trustee of the first-of-its-kind Gujarati Encyclopaedia 'Vishvakosh'. He says of Patel: \"His tenderness, sharp intellect, rare insight, acute sensitivity, vast reading and art of creation made him an iconic artist. His demise is a great loss.\"Patel, born in 1934 at Soja village of the Mehsana district, completed his master's in Gujarati, English and Science of Language from Banaras Hindu University . He was a multilingual scholar with great command of English, German, French, Hindi, Marathi, Bangla, Puria, Asamiya and Sanskrit. He began a new era of translated works and enriched Gujarati literature by bringing in influences of the world's masters like T S Eliot, James Joyce , Rabindranath Tagore, Jivnanand Das. He also helped literarydom recall the timeless power of the great Kaalidas.\"Patel is best known for his travelogues, translated works, essays and has received several national awards for his memorable and unique contribution to literature,\" says Rajendra Patel, chief secretary of the Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. \"We had last the chance to listen to his scholarly words at Rabindra Mahotsav that the city hosted early this month from May 1 to 7. Bholabhai, who spoke thrice on Tagore during the festival, was one of the most impressive speakers.\"Raghuvir Chaudhari, a senior writer and recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award - and a student of Patel since 1952 - says: \"Bholabhai was an ideal teacher who shared a close, deep and informal bond with his students.\" Patel was known for conducting poetry analyses sessions under the canopy of a tree at a roadside tea stall with the students of the MA course. At the time, Patel taught and headed the Hindi department at the School of Languages, Gujarat University. Patel had also served as a fellow of comparative literature at Visva-Bharati University, Santiniketan, and at the Institute of Humanities known as Vidya Bhavana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325319", "title": "Two lakh people benefit from property tax concession", "text": "PUNE: Nearly two lakh people have benefitted from the 10% concession on property tax offered by the Pune Municipal Corporation this year. The benefit stands if the full amount is paid before May 31, 2012.The rush to pay the bills began as early as April 1. Nearly 1.55 lakh people had paid the tax by May 15 which added Rs 101 crore in the PMC's kitty. In the last five days, nearly 52,000 house owners have paid Rs 37 crore.The PMC pays more attention to property tax collection because it is one of the major sources of revenue. If the bill amount is Rs 25,000 or less, owners get a discount of 10% while for an amount of more than Rs 25,001, the discount is 5%.When asked people's complaints that bills are not delivered on time, Vilas Kanade, head of the property tax department, said the department has taken steps to deal with the problem. \"The property tax department has started an SMS service by which citizens will be informed about their tax dues on cellphones. The printing of property tax bills has been completed and the process of distribution is on. Nearly 80-85% of the bills have been distributed so far,\" said Kanade.\"Those who wish to get details of their dues by text messages should type NI, followed by their property number, and send it to 9225592255. They will receive an SMS giving them details of their property tax dues,\" said a press statement issued on Monday.The PMC has kept its tax collection centres open on Saturdays and Sundays, especially for working people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345633", "title": "Vikram's Thaandavam First Look Teaser in June", "text": "Thaandavam is an upcoming Tamil action film directed by A.L.Vijay, starring Vikram, Jagapati Babu, Anushka Shetty and Amy Jackson.It is produced by UTV Motion Pictures and features music composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar.Here is the first look poster of Vikram in the movie. Filmmakers are planning to release the teaser of the movie in June.Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327070", "title": "Mercury takes rain dip, but it\u2019s a scorcher ahead", "text": "KOLKATA: A Sunday afternoon nor'wester broke the heat-and-humidity cycle of midsummer May, bringing down temperatures by nearly 4\u00b0C and bringing out Kolkatans out of their homes in numbers eager to make the most of the unexpected windfall.The squall, this time with Kolkata safely in the IPL playoffs and no Eden match to worry about, lashed the city and its suburbs for almost an hour and was accompanied by strong winds that uprooted trees on several thoroughfares and led to traffic snarls. The Met office said the maximum temperature, which was a scorching 38.5\u00b0C, had come down by 4\u00b0C as a result of the nor'wester, but warned the drop in the mercury could be temporary. The reason: another nor'wester is unlikely in a day or two. Though Monday is expected to be comparatively cooler, with the maximum expected to hover around 37\u00b0 C, the humidity level may be high. \"Nor'westers in regular intervals can only keep the rising mercury under check on successive days. Another spell of thundershowers is unlikely to lash the city in the next 24 hours at least. In such a case, the impact of Sunday evening's nor'wester will not last long. There could be scattered rain in the city on Monday. But that is unlikely to make any difference,\" said a meteorologist.A nor'wester is a combination heavy rain clouds and strong wind that blows in from the Chhotanagpur region. It generally occurs in the peak summer months of April and May. When there is heavy moisture incursion over the Bay of Bengal and strong winds from the Chhotanagpur region blow across the sea, it leads to a depression.A nor'wester, like the one that lashed the city on Sunday, afternoon, is the result of such a depression.The heavy shower on Sunday evening however was not just restricted to Kolkata only. Several parts of North and South 24 Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly and Nadia also got their share of the rain relief.The high speed of wind however did spell disaster on trees in several parts of the city and led to traffic snarls. Trees were uprooted and broken branches slowed down traffic movement in several parts of the city. Bamboo poles inserted by a political party along VIP Road were damaged and caused major traffic jam all along the stretch in the evening. But the relief from the heat was such a relief that no one seemed to mind the traffic trouble.The rain also played spoilsport at the Pragati Mela on the Milan Mela grounds in the evening, which has been organised to mark the Mamata Banerjee government's first year in office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343003", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan and Akshay Kumar friends again?", "text": "Not all's wrong with the current season of IPL. During Saturday's match between Kolkata and Pune, all heads turned as Shah Rukh Khan walked purposefully toward archrival Akshay Kumar , going on to slap his shoulder in a friendly way.The spectators in Pune looked even more surprised as the two actors sat together, locked in a private conversation that lasted 15-odd minutes. All thanks to producer Shabina Khan , who had accompanied Akshay for the match. Shabina, we believe, walked up to Shah Rukh Khan to say hello. When Shah Rukh asked her about Akshay, he was told that the actor was only a few seats away. SRK did the unimaginable: he immediately got up and headed toward Akshay.\"This is when all eyes turned,\" revealed an eyewitness, adding that Shah Rukh praisedAkshay for the promos of Rowdy Rathore. Interestingly, Shah Rukh has had a rather rocky relationship with the film's producer Sanjay Leela Bhansali . Ever since Om Shanti Om and Saawariya released on the same day two years ago, the duo haven't exactly been on friendly terms. True, Shah Rukh had congratulated Bhansali after seeing Guzaarish, going on to tell him that Devdas was Bhansali's best film till date. Coming at this juncture, Shah Rukh's camaraderie with Akshay in full view of nearly 50,000 people can be construed as a continuation of the actor's extending an olive branch to all those he has distanced in the past. So what did Shah Rukh and Akshay talk about? The eyewitness revealed Shah Rukh invited Akshay for his party after the KKR win. However, Akshay, who was at the stadium to promote his next, excused himself saying he had to reach Mumbai the same night. Before Akshay could take leave, SRK enquired after Twinkle's health, even inviting him over to Mannat for dinner. \"Do bring Twinkle along,\" was his parting shot. If at all, this is a refreshing change from the cold vibes the two actors have been sharing for some time. It all started when Farah Khan signed Akshay for her film Tees Maar Khan without even approaching Shah Rukh. SRK had tried to break the ice earlier when he sent a message to Akshay praising his acting in Housefull. However, all hasn't been exactly well between them. \"So it was great to see them sharing such warm vibes in public view after a long time,\" said the eyewitness. A friend of SRK told \"Shah Rukh is in a very happy space. His team has been beating almost every team and it was perhaps this happiness that was the main reason.\" It appears SRK is hell bent on putting the past (read Wankhede incident) behind him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13321870", "title": "Mumbai Police bust rave party, 2 IPL players and several foreign nationals detained", "text": "MUMBAI: Police broke up a rave party on the terrace of a Juhu hotel on Sunday evening and detained 96 youngsters, including several foreign nationals. At least two IPL players and a couple of children of celebrities were among them, police sources said.\"We found 58 men and 38 women at the rave party at Oakwood Premier Hotel on J R Mhatre Road near Juhu beach,\" said zonal DCP Pratap Dighavkar. Police seized around 110 gm of cocaine, besides Ecstasy tablets and charas.The police will lodge two types of cases - one for possession and the other for consumption of proscribed drugs. Cocaine, Ecstasy and charas were recovered from the venue.Around 100 youngsters have been sent to various hospitals for their blood and urine samples to be collected.\"The party was being held on the open terrace of the hotel. We acted around 8 pm on the basis of a tip-off. A decoy had been sent to the party and we acted after a green signal from him,\" an official said, adding that the police are trying to pinpoint the organizers of the party and who supplied the drugs.\"All those youngsters whose identities have been confirmed will be sent back home. If their blood and urine reports are positive for drugs, only then will they be called and taken into custody,\" said additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre Patil, who supervised the raid.Police are recording the statements of all those present and taking down their contact details. They are also bring asked how they received invites to the party.The drugs seized have been sent for analysis to the forensic science laboratory at Kalina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13345711", "title": "Monroe\u2019s faceoff with Kennedy\u2019s wife revealed", "text": "Marilyn Monroe had an emotional showdown with America's former First Lady Jackie Kennedy over her reported romance with the President, a month before she died in 1962, according to an explosive new book.The tragic actress had threatened to go public with her affairs with John F. Kennedy and his brother Bobby, who was America's Attorney General at the time, if her lover didn't divorce his wife and marry her - and Jackie stepped in to make a personal plea to Monroe during a tense meeting at New York's Carlyle Hotel, according to biographer Darwin Porter's new book Marilyn: Rainbow's End, the Daily Express reported.In an extract, published in America's Globe magazine, the author writes, \"Jackie begged Marilyn not to publicly humiliate her children in front of the world. She also pleaded with Marilyn not to make John, Jr. and Caroline the victims of a divorce.\"Porter claims Monroe was touched by her heart-to-heart with Jackie and agreed to keep her romances with the President and his brother a secret, but the biographer alleges the actress had one more big surprise for Kennedy on the day before her death in August, 1962 - she called to tell the President she had aborted his baby.Hours later, Monroe was found dead in her Los Angeles home. Her passing was ruled a suicide, but Porter has unearthed evidence that suggests the star was murdered by Chicago Mob boss Sam Giancana for refusing to help Mafia bosses poison Cuban leader Fidel Castro , who the author claims idolised the actress.In Rainbow's End, the biographer also claims Monroe had lesbian trysts with Joan Crawford , Marlene Dietrich and Elizabeth Taylor , who she allegedly bedded after a Frank Sinatra party in 1961. Porter also suggests Monroe turned down a marriage offer from her one-time husband Joe DiMaggio's son, romanced Elvis Presley and Sinatra and was the star of a collection of sex tapes secretly filmed by Mafia bosses to ruin her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327734", "title": "Criminal Investigation Department to question former top cop over Nandigram", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after CID informed Calcutta high court that it is probing the role of several top cops for their alleged involvement in the Nandigram recapture bid, CID, on Friday, sent a notice to former state DGP Anup Bhusan Vohra to appear before the investigating officer for examination, marking a first when a former state top cop is set to be grilled.The CID is also keen to interrogate IGP N R Babu (the then Midnapore Range DIG) and has already recorded the statement of ADG Raj Kanojia, who now heads the state crime records bureau and ironically headed the CID, till the Mamata Banerjee-government restructured it after coming to power.Due to the sensitivity of the matter, no senior officer - either in state CID or police directorate - offered comment on it, but if sources are to be believed, CID on Friday sent a notice under section 91 CrPC to Vohra. For N R Babu, now an IGP, the state would prefer to wait till he returns from his six-week training from the National Police Academy, Hyderabad.Former ADG (CID) and ADGH (law and order) Raj Kanojia has already been spoken to, the sources indicated.Kanojia has told CID that he had merely carried out the orders of DGP Vohra to instruct removal of the police pickets at Tekkhali bridge. He also said the then SP East Midnapore, S S Panda, to whom he conveyed the instructions, had responded saying this could pose a law and order problem. The same, he reportedly said, figured in his feedback report to the DGP.Among the officers CID had already spoken to are Panda (questioned twice; he couldn't attend the third round due to sickness), the then Nandigram OC, Mahisadal's circle inspector and Haldia SDPO. From them CID has learnt that the orders to remove the police picket - in fact there were two, one of EFR and another of local police - had come from the DIG (Midnapore Range), ADG (law and order) and DGP Vohra.Such was the hurry, investigators were told, that a sanctioned police outpost can't be removed without written orders was also overlooked.\"The role of senior police officers in removing the police presence, led to an armed attack by CPM men killing hapless BUPC supporters. They are not above law. We hope CID unearths their role and files a supplementary chargesheet,\" said Subhendu Adhikari, Trinamool Congress MP who led the Nandigram land agitation.But why is the role of top cops so crucial that CID is willing to examine police officers themselves? CID's January 30 chargesheet against 88 people, including former CPM MP Laxman Seth, says the clashes took place after a police picket in the Tekkhali Bridge, separating the CPM-controlled Khejuri and BUPC-dominated Nandigram, was withdrawn on November 6, 2007, four days before an armed CPM attack from Khejuri. There was also a police outpost, manned by nine officers of Nandigram police station who were not deployed on November 10, 2007; the day CPM cadres attacked two BUPC rallies. The attacks took place between 12 o'clock and 1pm, while the cops left Nandigram police station at 2.05pm. Seth and others had allegedly chalked out plans for the attack, the chargesheet said.On Thursday, state counsel Debaish Roy informed the Calcutta high court opposing Seth's bail plea that the then East Midnapore police superintendent in his statement to CID said the police pickets were removed at the instructions of the DIG and DGP. Infact, this also finds mention in a Nandigram police station GDE the same day by the then Nandigram OC Champak Roy Chowdhury, which details who ordered police to remove the police picket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13325766", "title": "Government clears Rs 450 crore for Gosikhurd dam", "text": "NAGPUR: The steering committee of the Union water resources ministry has cleared 450 crore for the Gosikhurd project under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP).The official announcement is likely to be made when Union water resources minister Pawan Kumar Bansal visits Gosikhurd on June 2. State government will chip in with another 50 crore.Sources in Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) told TOI that the meeting of the steering committee was held on May 14 in which proposals to sanction funds for projects that had come under dispute were discussed.\"The 800 crore second installment for Gosikhurd meant for 2011-12 had not been sanctioned by Centre. The state government's 10% matching contribution had lapsed. We batted hard for fresh funds,\" an official said.The VIDC official said that in the meeting, the steering committee took cognizance of the fact that Gosikhurd was a national project and economy of east Vidarbha would get a major boost once the first phase was completed. Recently, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and newly elected Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti had also written to prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh drawing his attention towards the project.The steering committee cleared total 3,200 crore under AIBP for the state. \"Major dams of Vidarbha like Lower Wardha and Bembla have been sanctioned some funds. Many medium and small irrigation projects will also now get much required money,\" he said.The Phase-I of Gosikhurd is yet to be completed. The dam is complete and the work on main canal is about 80% over but only around 15% distribution network is built.\"The farmers will get benefit only when this network is completed. It is up to VIDC board to realize this and allocate the fresh tranche for it. Many projects are half complete because the planning at macro and micro levels do not match,\" a middle level VIDC officer said.Gosikhurd has been in the eye of the storm of late because ex-minister for water resources Vijay Wadettiwar alleged large-scale corruption. Strangely, he had not uttered a word when he was in power. His complaints have apparently not been able to prevent Centre from sanctioning fresh funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343005", "title": "AGS to team with KV Anand for Rajinikanth\u2019s next", "text": "Rumour mills in Kollywood are rife with the news again that KV Anand who is currently busy with Surya's Matraan may direct our Superstar.Reports surface that AGS Entertainment will be producing this flick. The production house which has many hit films to its credit will be producing this mega buget film which will have the Superstar in the lead.The superstar is currently busy with his pet project Kochadaiyaan directed by Soundarya, the talks are on and an official announcement on this is expected soon. The cinematographer turned director after successive hits right from his debut movie is busy with the Surya project the much awaited flick of the year. An official announcement is awaited on his next project very soon.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323917", "title": "Amraiwadi cop nabbed by anti corruption bureau for taking bribe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A sub inspector posted in Amraiwadi police station has been caught by the Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) officials for taking a bribe. The cop was caught inside the police station in a trap sprung by the ACB officials on Sunday.Sailesh Thakore, a resident of Amraiwadi, had approached the ACB with his plaint on Saturday. This was in connection with a police complaint which he had filed at Amraiwadi police station. He was recently attacked by his neighbours in which he and his family members were injured. The complaint had been registered at the Amraiwadi police station.On Saturday Thakore met with the investigator of this case, police sub-inspector MD Parmar. When he asked Parmar about progress of the case, the cop asked for a bribe of Rs 5,000 to ensure that his neighbours are arrested for the assault. Thakore had Rs 2,000 with him which he handed over to the cop. In the evening he went to the ACB office.Some police guards at the ACB office spotted Thakore dithering near the main gate. \"He was afraid to enter the campus since his plaint was against other police men. When he shared his dilemma with the police guards at ACB, the cops convinced him to enter and file his complaint.The ACB official asked Thakore to call up Parmar and promise to pay the remaining amount on Sunday. In the morning along with some government witnesses and plainclothesmen he went to pay the remaining Rs 3000. Parmar was caught red-handed accepting the bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13327232", "title": "Court asks police to file case against Narwar village panchayat for issuing diktat", "text": "AJMER: The judicial court number-2 here on Saturday asked the Gegal police to register a case against the Narwar village panchayat of Raiger community for ex-communicating a man.The order came after hearing a petition filed by one Lekhraj, a member of the Raiger community, who said the panchayat excommunicated him and imposed a fine when he refused to organize a feast (mrityu bhoj) after the death of his aunt.Lekhraj also alleged that the panchayat forced his family members to vote for a particular person during the last panchayat election andthreatening if they failed to follow the diktat.'Mrityu bhoj' is a social evil practiced mostly in central parts of Rajasthan in which family has to feed all members of the community in the event of the death of an elder member to beg peace for the soul of deceased.\"In most communities, members are forced to take huge loans and sell their small farm land to arrange for the feast. It is a social evil and educated people are fighting against the practice,\" said Kishan Gujjar, an advocate.According to Lekhraj, a dalit and resident of Narwar village, his aunt died on October 5 last year and the panch of community called him to the panchayat. \"They instructed me to organize a mrityu bhoj after the death of kaki (aunt) for the whole village,\" Lekhraj said, adding, \"I tried to arrange the feast but was unable to do it due to my weak financial conditions.\"On October 13, the panchayat again called Lekhraj and told him that his family was excommunicated from the community and diktats were issued to the community members that Lekhraj with his family should neither be invited to any function nor they will be allowed to participate. His family was also disallowed to interact with the community members.\"It is a custom and the panchayat of community has an authority than a court in this regard,\" said Bhim Deo Raiger, a senior member of the community.Lekhraj appealed to the panchayat and agreed to organize the feast. \"But they imposed on me a penalty of one quintal bag of grains which I paid with the condition that I should organize the feast soon,\" said Lekhraj in his application to the court.On May 5 this year when Lekhraj went to invite community members for a marriage ceremony, the panchs gathered and passed an order to excommunicate him again from community. He was accused of not obeying the orders of the panchayat and imposed a fine of Rs 11,000 on him again.After going through the details, the court asked police to register a case against accused and investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13329173", "title": "Vembanad ecosystem in danger, fish number depleted", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Plastic debris and pollutants have depleted fish variety in Vembanad Lake, a three-year ecological study undertaken there revealed.The number of fish species in the 534 square kilometer lake declined from 61 to 45 in the last three years, as the level of dissolved oxygen in the water, which is vital for the survival of fish decreased to 2-3 parts per million(ppm). The ideal dissolved oxygen level for a healthy lake should be around 4-5 ppm.The study was undertaken by the Ashoka Trust for Research and Environment (ATREE) in collaboration with various state agencies like biodiversity board, regional agricultural research station and Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies.\"The health of the Vembanad ecosystem has been deteriorating since last decade. Migratory fish along with frogs in the lake played a significant role in controlling mosquitoes in the region,\" said Jojo T D, state coordinator of ATREE. The environmentalist said that the Vembanad Lake-bed had piles of plastic and this had adversely affected bottom-feeder organisms.\"In 1985, fish fauna in the lake was dominated by the marine migratory species, followed by the resident saline tolerant species and freshwater species. The ecosystem took a 'u-turn' five years ago,'' Jojo said.The state is now planning to conduct a unique fish survey on May 24 to create awareness on the depleting number of fish in the lake. \"The survey is open to the public and people from all age groups can participate in the survey. Volunteers will have to travel in our boats across Vembanad Lake as part of the survey,\" an ATREE official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328010", "title": "Stroke scale's desi avatar at All India Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two months ago, when Ramesh Chauhan was admitted to AIIMS after a stroke, he underwent a special test -health stroke scale - to measure the level of cognitive deficit he had suffered. He was asked to read English tongue-twisters and recognize pictures of cookie jars, among other objects. A UP-based farmer, Chauhan says he flunked the test not only because of the clots in his brain but also on account of the unfamiliar terms and objects he was asked to identify.Spelling relief for lakhs of patients like Chauhan, who are ill at ease with the English language, doctors at AIIMS have developed a Hindi version of the health stroke scale. It uses objects like balloon, lock, spoon, tiger, bus and telephone - relatively easier to identify - to assess the comprehensive abilities of patients. To check their language skills, simple words in Hindi like 'namaskar' and 'mama' have been added to the scale.Dr Kameshwar Prasad, head of the neurology department, the brain behind the new scale, says the Hindi version will facilitate accurate assessment and treatment of over 75% of those who do not know English. \"The test helps us decide whether clot busters should be given to the patient,\" said Prasad.\"If the assessment is not right, drug administration and management of the patient becomes difficult as has been the case so far. Poor patients coming from rural backgrounds were often unable to identify objects in the English version of the scale or read sentences.\"Doctors had to pitch in and explain to them the sentences in Hindi or use new subjects from the surroundings for the test,\" said Amit Kumar, a researcher part of Dr Prasad's team, who recently validated the efficacy of the Hindi version through a clinical trial. Around 107 patients admitted at the emergency department and neurology wards of AIIMS underwent the trial. The study has been published in the latest issue of Neurology, India. \"Almost 33% of the patients coming to our institute are poor. The new scale will definitely help them. It can also be used by other health centers across the country,\" said Dr Prasad. Stroke happens when blood flow to the brain is interrupted. Deprived of blood, brain cells begin to die within minutes.\"There are two kinds of stokes - ischaemic stroke, caused by a clot in the blood vessel and haemorrhagic stroke caused by a ruptured blood vessel. The stroke scale test is used for patients who have suffered ischaemic stroke,\" explained a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331218", "title": "Test your adviser before taking his counsel", "text": "Ask the right questions and see if he can answer them while keeping your interests in mindUma ShashikantThe frustration with the advisory tribe-variously called relationship managers, financial advisers, financial planners or private bankersis high. Creating a trust-inducing environment for financial transactions requires a new, bold, and fair policy framework. This is likely to be a long time away since regulators are only tinkering on the margin and refuse to see the need to come together in the interest of the investor. What can investors do in the meanwhile? You can put your advisers to test before you pay heed to their counsel.Does the planner know enough about what he is offering you? How does he deal with questions whose answers are not found in the product literature he is carrying? Does he know why and how the returns he is promising will be generated? Is he able to explain the risks? Do not be reticent to ask, worrying about your limited knowledge of products and markets. The adviser is expected to know. If your adviser brushes aside questions with generalisations- 'our manager will take care of the risks' , 'we have the expertise to do this' -keep away. The quality of conversation about what is being offered to you is a clear indicator of how much the planner actually knows. A careless one does no homework and is not worth dealing with.Is your planner throwing jargon at you to intimidate or impress you? Do not be led astray by his sound bites; seek simplification. If he knows what he is talking about, he will be able to explain in simple, clear terms what the product is about. There are three basic things to know, irrespective of the product you choose: How is the return going to be generated? What can go wrong? What would it cost? Even if you are told that 'in the long run, things will be fine' , you need to be told why that will be the case. Seek the ability to distill the core features of a financial product or service in a language that you can understand.What are the alternatives? If an adviser is suggesting a single product or plan of action and returning to it too frequently, stop him to ask for another choice. Just one more option. Is he able to tell you why you should invest in the gold product he is selling? If the conversation debunks every other option and holds up what he has come to sell as the best, end it there. Look for the ability to compare options and the choice to go with what you like better. Do not abdicate all decision-making to the adviser. Getting involved with the choices helps you learn over time.You should also know about the work flow. What happens from the time you give the money to the point it is returned to you? Ask the adviser to explain to you the operational flow of the transaction. Many people do not even know if it is a mutual fund or a bank, or an insurance company. You have to know about the entities that will handle your money. Who will keep it? Who will allocate it? How will you access it? How does it come back? Again, do not accept generalisations, such as 'your money is safe with us' , 'we will give you post-dated cheques' . Do not allow your adviser, broker, or planner, to operate your bank accounts and investment accounts.Does the planner provide space for your point of view or need? If he came to sell you a tax-saving insurance , but you wanted an infrastructure bond instead, did the adviser take your need on board? Did he come back to help you with what you needed? A good planner knows that your needs come first and will look forward to earning your goodwill. If there is no interest in the client, the adviser is only performing a task for an incentive and may not have any interest in having a long-term relationship with you.How sensitive is the planner to the fact that you share private and confidential information about yourself? Can you trust him with disclosures about your wealth, your aspirations, anxieties, and documents? If your relationship manager has changed his job and is luring you to transfer your account to his new employer, he is downright unethical. He has compromised the data about your relationship to his new employer, perhaps negotiating a higher incentive for himself. It is not uncommon for private bankers and relationship managers to be hired for 'accounts and assets they can bring' . Do not fall prey to this despicable practice and move your assets with the adviser.We live in times wherein we have to deal with weak and non-existent regulation of financial advisers. Besides, being an adviser doesn't require any robust and rigorous qualifications. There are no industry bodies, code of ethics or conduct, or self-regulatory mechanisms that help identify a good planner. We live in predatory times, where gathering assets by whatever means is the objective, and rewards and incentives are tuned towards collecting money. Even as we wait for things to get better, we as investors can push back a bit to check those that give us advice on our finances.The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13325986", "title": "Oil spill at Indian Oil Corporation depot, swift action averts major disaster", "text": "JAIPUR: A major disaster was averted at the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) depot in Sitapura on Sunday when thousands of litres of oil spilled on to the premises after a \"gasket failure\". However, swift action by company officials averted a major tragedy.The nearby factories also witnessed a shower of oil, which created panic among the labourers. They moved out of their units immediately fearing that this could lead to a major inferno like the last one. An FIR has been registered against IOC officials by some owners of nearby factories for putting their life in danger. In October 2009, a devastating fire that broke out at the same depot killed many people, including IOC employees. The Sunday incident brought back the memories of the ghastly incident.\"This type of gasket failure is a rare incident. However, timely intervention and immediate deactivation of the line prevented a mishap,\" an IOC release said later in the day.A nearby factory official, Vivek Lodha, said, \"The incident took place early on Sunday. The labourers rushed out of the factories.\"The district officials, fire-fighters, ambulances, disaster management teams and police teams rushed to the IOC depot.Sanganer sub-divisional magistrate Shyam Singh Shekhawat, said: \"Initially, there was panic in the area but within a few minutes, situation was brought under control.\"Deputy general manager, IOC (Chaksu), S K Jain, said, \"The incident happened because of the mechanical failure. The malfunction of a gasket which connects two pipelines led to the incident. However, the oil spill was controlled on time. The two engineers shut down the pipeline which prevented further oil spilling.\"This is the second incident of oil spilling from IOC pipelines. On Saturday, some miscreants damaged the Mundra-Panipat pipelines at Jataon Ka Bass in Jaisinghpura Khor in Jaipur district. Since other officials were busy in repairing the pipelines at Jaisinghpura Khor, there were only two engineers at Sitapura IOC depot, sources said.According to police, Raghvendra Srivastava, manager, JVS Food Products, near the depot has registered an FIR against IOC officials under Sections 285, 336 and 427 of the IPC saying that oil had spilled on food products stored in his company.\"We will fix the liability of negligence. Officials found negligent will be mentioned in the FIR in course of investigation,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13330761", "title": "A summer of discontent: Commuters wait for shelter", "text": "There are some 2,000 bus shelters and 25 depots for around 300 km of bus routes in the city but few of them are actually spots from which commuters can reliably hope to board a bus. To make matters worse, the city is stewing in one of its hottest summers in recent times, with the maximum temperature surging over 43o Celsius, but most bus stops have no roofs and offer commuters no cover from the scorching sun.Commuters have always been given the short shrift, say residents of the city. Metropolitan Transport Corporation does not construct or maintain any of the bus stops in the city. Corporation of Chennai awards contracts to private agencies that set up bus shelters and earn revenue from advertisements that they display. The civic body recently issued tenders for modernisation of bus stops but work on them is yet to begin.\"The existing bus shelters are designed poorly,\" says Raj Pritto, a commuter who works with a private firm and is required to travel a lot. \"Many bus shelters have been torn down and do not provide any shade.\" \"I depend on the MTC (Metropolitan Transport Corporation) bus to commute as my work is to do documentation and take it to other offices,\" Pritto says. \"I have a tough time because I travel mostly in the afternoon.\"There are three bus shelters with big display boards for advertisements at the office of the director of medical services on Anna Salai. \"There is no point waiting for buses at these stops. Not only do they not provide any shade, bus drivers do not halt at these stops but stop right on the main road. That is why several commutes wait under a tree here even though it is risky,\" said Sayed Naseer, waiting at the spot for a bus tocome by.Commuters like Pritto and Naseer face a torrid prospect each time they leave home for work. Sales executives, college students and surveyors are worst hit by poorly maintained or non-existent bus shelters. \"We do not even expect a fan, just a roof over our heads and a few seats. The government hiked the bus fares recently but has not bothered to provide us with even basic bus stops,\" says Naseer.Commuters say the situation has become worse after work on metro rail started. Bus stops on Anna Salai and General Patters Road were relocated facilitate work on the transit system. At SIET, there is no bus stop. People wait under a tree on the road. \"It is scary with so many other zipping past,\" says Jayashree, a college student. New bus stops have come up on General Patters Road, but they are just skeletal steel structures. \"They offer no respite from the heat,\" says L Janakiraman, another commuter.Indrani and Saraswati, are door-to-door saleswomen, say the problem is much worse in north Chennai. \"At least you have something that you can identify as a bus stop,\" says Indrani. \"In Perambur, it's hard to find a bus stop.\"Commuters from Mogappair feel like they are fighting a lost battle. \"There is a huge terminus in the area but the bus stops are old and offer no respite from the sun. When it rains, commuters get drenched,\" says Ramani, who lives in the locality. \"We have complained to the authorities so many times, but nothing has been done as yet,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13328900", "title": "Two booked under Arms Act", "text": "GURGAON: The Crime Investigation Agency (CIA) of Gurgaon police has arrested two persons under the Arms Act for carrying country-made pistols illegally late on Saturday night.While one of the accused is an autorickshaw driver, the other is unemployed. Both are residents of Naharpur Rupa, said the police. Two pistols have been recovered from them.The police arrested the duo acting on a tip-off from Sadar and Sushant Lok police stations. The accused were produced in a city court and sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13354416", "title": "Karthi is back on the Telugu screens", "text": "Many of the actor's films like \"Yuganiki Okkadu\", \"Awara\" and \"Naa Peru Shiva\" were hits in Telugu.Now, the actor is all set to woo Telugu audiences with a political satire \"Shakuni\" starring Praneetha as the female lead. Shankar Dayal is making his debut as director with this film and Bellamkonda Suresh is producing the Telugu version. This will be Karthi's first release after his marriage. Young music director GV Prakash has scored the music.This film is touted to be a political satire. The actor plays a commoner from a village who comes to city for work and ends up entering the world of politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13334107", "title": "They built bridge to bond again", "text": "HUBLI: Residents of Devi Nagar and nearby Vidhya Nagar had a harrowing time after the bridge linking these areas collapsed and washed away in heavy rain five years ago.They submitted umpteen memorandums, pleaded for help from the authorities concerned and waited for years, only to realize later that all their pleas have fallen on deaf ears. It was then that they decided to construct a temporary bridge to connect these areas which are separated by a small stream.The bridge was made using pipes provided by HDMC. The residents arranged the big pipes in the flowing stream and patched them up with three layers of mud.\"Now, pedestrians and two-wheeler riders can use the bridge. Cars, autorickshawas and other vehicles are not allowed on this bridge. Such vehicles have to enter Devi Nagar from Shirur Park and Lingaraj Nagar,\" Santosh Patil, a resident of Devi Nagar, said.There was no bridge between Devi Nagar and Vidhya Nagar through KEB colony and this temporary bridge may also collapse in the overflow of stream water during rainy season. \"In the absence of bridge, school going children and workers have to travel nearly 2 km and pass through Shirur Park, Lingaraj Nagar or other areas to reach Vidhya Nagar,\" said N H Doddamani, a resident of Devi Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330860", "title": "Racketeers flood city with fake currency", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Crime Branch (CCB) police on Friday arrested two men for distributing counterfeit currency in the city, but not before the racketeers had flooded the city with fake notes with a face value of lakhs of rupees.Investigators on Sunday said Mohammed Feroz, 27, of Muthialpet, and Manikandan, 28, of Nerkundram, had distributed three consignments of high quality counterfeit notes from Uttar Pradesh in four months before they were busted while trying to dispose of a fourth batch of fakes.\"Earlier this month, a distributor from Bihar met them for a fourth time and gave them fake notes. Feroz also received the counterfeit notes from Uttar Pradesh. The counterfeits are of such high quality that it is difficult to identify them as fake even under a UV lamp,\" said A John Rose , assistant commissioner of police, bank fraud wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13329010", "title": "2 held for smuggling impure paneer", "text": "NOIDA: Two men were arrested early Sunday morning with almost 300kg of adulterated paneer near Sector 49. Police said they were trying to smuggle the adulterated food into Delhi for distribution in other parts of the NCR, adding that the paneer has deadly chemicals in it.The two arrested, identified as Vijesh and Hemchand, are residents of western Uttar Pradesh . \"They were caught during a routine checking at night. When they tried to drive off with the adulterated food, we realized that something was wrong and caught them,\" said a police officer.Vijesh and Hemanchand were driving an Ecco car with Delhi number plates, said the police. \"The car is registered to an area in East Delhi. Preliminary investigations suggest they were going to distribute the paneer through a number of vendors,\" said the cop.The police explained that a majority of milk and milk products supplied to Delhi originate from western Uttar Pradesh. \"The milk products are adulterated to such an extent that, in some extreme cases, consuming it can even be fatal,\" added the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13330089", "title": "Tusker showed no symptoms of musth: veterinary doctors", "text": "THRISSUR: All the 27 veterinary doctors who examined the fitness of Unnippilly Kalidasan, the elephant that ran amuck during the Thrissur Pooram on May 2, have told M Anilkumar, the sub-divisional magistrate and RDO Thrissur, that the elephant had not shown any clear symptom of musth during the fitness examination conducted at noon on May 1.Anilkumar told TOI that he took statement of all the 27 doctors on Saturday.\"First a general statement was taken from all of them. Then a detailed statement was taken from six doctors, who had examined Unnippilly Kalidasan. A statement was also taken from the Elephant Task Force. All the doctors said the elephant hadn't shown any symptom of musth during the fitness examination,\" said Anilkumar.\"Interestingly, none of the doctors clearly said whether the elephant was in musth or not. In the statement given by the mahout and owner of Unnippilly Kalidasan, it was recorded that the elephant was in musth from March 9 to April 15,\" he added.Meanwhile, sources said the fitness test of Unnippilly Kalidasan was carried out on the pooram day on May 1 between 11.45 and 12 noon. The fitness tests of all the other elephants were carried out on April 30.The name of Unnippilly Kalidasan was not there in the final list submitted to the collectorate by pooram organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332134", "title": "Science of makeup", "text": "We live in a world that values the way one looks and presents himself or herself, and the cosmetics industry plays a vital role in helping one achieve that look. The way one looks can be a calling card for personal and professional growth. Today, the makeup industry is a global multibillion dollar industry and growing. A makeup artist is intimately involved in the most important and exciting events of people's lives, from weddings to the Academy Awards. Makeup artists get to work with a variety of people such as models , actors, politicians, and musicians. A career in the cosmetics industry is not all fluff and glamour . Working in this field takes dedication, a knack for accepting change and a desire to help others look their best. The job opportunities vary from being behind the scenes, creating a product to showing beauty techniques to the public or acting as the face of a company. Professional makeup has evolved as much as a science as it is a customary art form. The understanding of arch light conditions , the advancement in camera and transmission technologies, the complex ingredients and the chemical engineering itself that goes into formulating the right makeup products is as much of a pre-requisite as an inherent creative skill to achieve the best of makeup design work. It is much more than what meets the eye in the glamorous world of fashion and makeup, which are intricately linked.INDUSTRY STATUSCosmetics industry in India has been rising rapidly over the last decade or so attaining a size of over Rs 10,000 crore with a robust 15% annual growth despite the global economic slowdown of recent the years; no wonder it is often referred to as a recession-proof industry.GROWTH AREASThere is a demand of professionals in various areas including film, television, theatre, media , fashion, video, photography and bridal design work in broad categories like professional makeup, camouflage makeup, fun faze makeup, face and body painting, special effects makeup and prosthetics apart from recent innovations like high definition and air brush make up. Professional makeup artists are more in demand than ever before. Globalisation, influx of MNCs, etc, are all expanding the professional makeup market segment . The customer awareness is contributing to create a high demand for skilled and trained makeup professionals . Supporting the claim we find make up schools and academies mushrooming in urban and semi-urban India, attempting to close this demand-supply gap.SKILL-SETS REQUIREDFreshers who have an eye for beauty, enjoy interacting with people and delight in transforming a plain-Jane into a stunning beauty should get into this industry. Anybody having an aptitude and interest in the field of professional makeup need only be a school degree holder to qualify for an admission in a make-up institute. In most of these acclaimed academies, the course modules are typically between six and 18 months' duration and offer an extensive theoretical and practical curriculum.REMUNERATIONFreshers can expect about Rs 15,000 as a starting salary. People who take up freelance makeup can make up to Rs 25,000 in the beginning . A resourceful lot may simultaneously set up a make up and bridal studio for higher returns. There is tremendous scope for income provided one has the creative instinct and a will to succeed.- As told to Aaditi Isaac", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327646", "title": "Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation introduces internet booking for high-end buses", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) is making the internet booking available for its high-end buses, as well as for the new Goldline bus service, which has been flagged off this month only. The bus tickets can be booked online by logging on to the website of UPSRTC.The passengers can book tickets for the AC Volvo buses and also for the Goldline buses, which are non-AC buses with limited stoppages. The internet booking does not require a person to come to the bus terminal to book a ticket. Similar to the online railway reservation, the bus tickets booked online are sent to the e-mail ID of the customer.The customer is also alerted by way of an SMS sent to his mobile. The internet booking for bus tickets, however, does not specify any advance booking period, like the railway reservation. \"People mostly buy their bus tickets 24-hours in advance,\" said sources in UPSRTC. In case, the rush of passengers increases, UPSRTC might think about making such a provision.The payment for the internet tickets can be made by way of credit and debit cards or internet banking. The internet booking charges some 3% of the fare as extra payment. Passengers can also get their booked tickets cancelled by using the same facility. Passengers can also book return tickets for major cities, online.In case passengers do not get to board the bus for which they had booked an internet ticket, they will get the difference fare as refund. And, in case passenger is not willing to board a different bus, entire amount will be refunded.The corporation has entered into an agreement with abhibus.com to make the internet ticket booking available to the passengers. UPSRTC will gradually expand the facility to make it convenient for passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13326795", "title": "Wholesalers rankled by steps to limit monopoly", "text": "MUMBAI: Milk adulterated with detergent and urea, vegetables whose cost increases four or five times during the journey from farm to dinner table, and foodgrains that in a year of record harvest remain a matter of concern for middle class Mumbaikars. The common thread that runs through such unfair practices, many say, is the monopoly of the middleman.Since food inflation assumed sky-high proportions in 2008, a simmering anger has become manifest against wholesalers who reportedly hog the lion's share of profit to the detriment of growers and end consumers. Over the past few days, some official measures have emerged to tackle this menace.On May 1, the Maharashtra government loosened the vice-like grip of Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) that is accused of exploiting both the farmer and the consumer by buying cheap and selling at inflated rates. Farmers can directly sell 30 types of fruits and vegetables to consumers.The move has caused alarm within the ranks of middlemen. APMC director Ashok Walunj said, \"Do farmers have the wherewithal to hire trucks, park them in crowded places and unload them? Who will fix the price of the produce? We wholesalers have a system in place to manage the logistics.\"Walunj claimed that the APMC charges a commission of 80 paise on 100 kg of produce so eliminating this small sum from the transaction will not contain inflation. He said, \"In any case, look at how affluence levels have risen. Would the previous generation have dreamt of salaries to the tune of Rs 50,000? Traders charge a premium only in posh, high-class areas. Dharavi still gets things cheap.\"The Central Railway already transports onions, oranges, raw plantain and grapes in significant quantities. \"Now the idea of running special trains carrying vegetables from Nashik to Mumbai is on the drawing board,\" said chief PRO V A Malegaonkar. \"It could be a while before it is implemented, though.\"On Sunday, dairy farmers launched a nationwide agitation to protest against \"unfair trade practices\" by branded dairies. \"Popular brands source milk from cattleshed owners at Rs 18 per litre and sell it for Rs 30-32 although the additional cost of packaging and transportation comes to not more than Rs 3-4 per litre,\" said Mohan Singh Ahluwalia of the Gwala Gaddi Samiti spearheading the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13331041", "title": "Alzheimer\u2019s gene makes blood vessels in brain leak", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have identified a gene linked to Alzheimer's disease which they say also causes a cascade of events that end with leaky blood vessels in the brain, pouring toxic substances into brain tissue.Researchers at the University of Rochester found that the gene, called ApoE4, works through cyclophilin A, known to be bad for the cardiovascular system, causing inflammation in atherosclerosis and other conditions.Cyclophilin A opens the gates to the brain assault seen in Alzheimer's , the researchers found. \"We are beginning to understand much more about how ApoE4 may be contributing to Alzheimer's disease ,\" lead researcher Robert Bell was quoted as saying by LiveScience.Scientists have already established that ApoE4 makes one more prone to developing Alzheimer's . And those who carry two copies of the gene have about eight times the risk of getting Alzheimer's compared to others.\"In the presence of ApoE4, increased cyclophilin A causes a breakdown of the cells lining blood vessels in Alzheimer's disease in the same way as in cardiovascular disease,\" Bell explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gudeppadu ( warangal)", "code": "13323523", "title": "Strong winds bring CM\u2019s meet to swift end in Warangal", "text": "GUDEPPADU ( WARANGAL): Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy had to cut short his election campaign meeting after heavy winds brought down the shamiana at the WITS (Warangal Institute of Technology and Science) college grounds in Gudeppahad village of Parkal mandal on Sunday.Organisers and policemen tried to put things in order, but the winds uprooted the tent poles, creating panic at the venue. While people rushed out of the grounds, the chief minister along with PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and other leaders were taken to a safer place on the college campus.The commotion began just when the chief minister stood up on the dais to speak. Before he could begin his election speech, power broke down due to strong winds. Soon enough, it started raining and the tent poles began to give way. Police personnel tried to save the situation, but the inclement weather took over and brought the meeting to a near chaos.As people started rushing out in panic, several of them suffered minor injuries as iron poles, ceiling fans and the tent itself came crashing down.The chief minister later interacted with local Congress party workers and leader at the WITS portico. Speaking to mediapersons, he said that TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao and his family members were creating \"political employment\" and using their party as a platform to make money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13329926", "title": "Principal to \u2018pay\u2019 for not giving information", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Not parting with information has cost a principal of engineering college in Punjab dear as the state information commission has directed Punjab government to initiate minor misconduct proceedings against him.Kulbhushan Agnihotri, the applicant, had in April last year, sought to know from the department of technical education and industrial training about minutes and action taken reports of all the meetings of board of governors, finance committee, buildings and work committee of Shaheed Bhagat Singh College of Engineering and Technology, Ferozepur, Punjab.The public information officer of principal secretary, technical education, directed principal of Shaheed Bhagat Singh College to provide the requisite information. However, several months later, after perusal of various documents available on record, the commission noted that \"it is but evident and crystal clear that such a huge delay has occurred only because of the inaction of the principal and the careless and evasive approach adopted by him during all this time.\"In scathing remarks against the principal, the commission has noted: \"It appears that even the PIOs were made to act as instructed by the principal, and they cannot be held responsible for delay. Even in the affidavit submitted by the principal T S Sidhu, he has tried to put back the blame on the applicant-appellant himself.\"The commission recommended to the principal secretary, technical education and &amp; industrial training, to \"initiate disciplinary proceedings for minor misconduct under the applicable rules against Sidhu, principal, at whose instance, highly delayed information has been provided to the appellant as late as nearly 11 months.Significantly, the former principal secretary of department of techanical education and industrial training, Suresh Kumar, had recommended dismissal of Sidhu for his alleged involvement in mass coping and leakage of IIT paper in Giani Zail Singh College of Engineerng and Technology, Bhatinda, when he had additional charge of principal of that college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13328620", "title": "Maoist leader Kishenji's aide arrested at Ranchi railway station", "text": "RANCHI: A principal aide of late Maoist leader Kishenji was arrested from Ranchi railway station on Sunday sending the Communist Party of India (Maoist) into tizzy.A team of district police arrested Nanduji alias Ramdas, who has worked as a secretary in Jammui zone and as a member of Bihar-Jharkhand-Odisha-North-Chhatisgrah special area committee, in the evening.Police who kept a close watch on all outgoing trains from the state capital seized arms from Nanduji who was travelling like a common man to avoid arrest. \"He has admitted masterminding a number of incidents in Jharkhand,\" said a police source.A postgraduate in social work, he hails from Banka district in Bihar and was currently working as a member of sub-committee on political education.Police said Nanduji was engaged in training new recruits in various parts of Jharkhand, Bihar, Odisha and Chhattisgrah. From 2003 onwards, he has worked with senior Maoists like Kishenji, Prashant Bose, Misir Besra, Anal Da, Motilal Soren alias Rajuji and Sunil Manjhi, Baidyanath Tiwary alias Bhagwan Da, Amlesh Manjhi alias Prawesh Manjhi and Chiragji.Nanduji has also confessed that he was one of the masterminds behind scores of Maoists activities carried out in various parts of Jharkhand since 2003. He could provide clues to catch more rebels. \"We are interrogating him to unearth his networks in Ranchi. Some arms have also been seized from him,\" said senior superintendent of police Saket Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "rakh bagh", "code": "13329704", "title": "Kyra meets family on first birthday", "text": "RAKH BAGH: The Mehra family of Rakh Bagh lived a dream when the eldest and youngest members of the family welcomed friends and family together at a birthday party. It was one-year-old Kyra's day to cut the cake, while her great grandmother Pushpa Mehra, who is in her early nineties, clapped in merriment and sang birthday songs.Kyra stays in US with her doctor dad Manik Mehra and dentist mom Neha. The family had arranged the function at a resort, which was decorated in the princess theme, with a diamond studded tiara decorating the cake, apart from various hues of pink used in decorating the venue.Kyra, dressed in a flouncy and fluffy pink and lavender Tu Tu dress seemed to be enjoying the Ludhianvi way of partying. Manik said, ''When Kyra was born only her two grandmothers had seen her. So we took two months break and brought her to India so that she meets her entire family, particularly her cousins Krisha and Raina.''Krisha sang 'Gypsy' of Shakira for her cousin and gather huge round of applause from guests. ''It is god's grace and the love of my children because of which I am able to witness this day,'' said the great grandmom Pushpa with wet eyes. Kyra's birthday celebration became complete with the maternal grandparents and other relatives joining in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13329579", "title": "Brace up for hotter days in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: You'll just have to think up some more ways to tackle the heat as the weatherman predicts that there will be no let up in mercury's upswing till at least Tuesday. The temperature has remained close to 40 degrees celsius in the last one week, hitting 43 degrees on Saturday.Trying to keep their cool, residents have already been running their air conditioners and room coolers longer and staying holed up indoors as much as possible. Sharing how she has been keeping her family from sizzling away, Kitchlu Nagar-resident Anuradha Sharma said they are taking a lot of fluids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13327212", "title": "Haryana shifts 35 bureaucrats in midnight shuffle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About 35 bureaucrats, including financial commissioners and commissioner-level officers of Haryana government, received a midnight shock with a major reshuffle of their departments taking place on Saturday night.Contrary to claims by those inside the chief minister's office (CMO), who termed the reshuffle as \"routine and a much awaited affair,\" it is learned that the CMO move was an \"attempt to hit two birds with one stone.\"CMO sources also hinted at another reshuffle within a fortnight, attributing it to the promotion of four to six commissioner-rank officers to the position of financial commissioners.Those who figured in the list included Maha Singh, commissioner, K K Khandelwal and Shiv Ram Gaur, additional principal secretaries (APS) to chief minister, Sumita Mishra Singh, former chief electoral officer (CEO) Haryana, Ramendra Jakhu and R R Jowel.Sources said that those who had good rapport with chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's detractors or those having had a longer stay in their departments have been given new assignments.While Khandelwal will continue to be financial commissioner, public relations, he has been relieved of culture department charge. Gaur, Sumita Mishra Singh and Maha Singh are yet to be allotted departments, they said.Maha Singh represents the group believed to be close to Ambala MP and Union minister Selja. Similarly, Jakhu is learned to have made a good tuning with taxation minister Kiran Choudhary.Meanwhile, officers who have been given departments of not their liking or who have been virtually sidelined expressed shock at the move, but refused to comment. Those given key assignments also chose to refrain from commenting over the issue.\"We are here to work. It doesn't matter which department or assignment it is. We have done our best in the earlier portfolio and intend to continue the same performance in future,'' a financial commissioner-level officer said.When contacted, a CMO official denied any agenda behind the change of portfolios among bureaucrats. \"This was a much awaited exercise. Those having longer stay on the same post have been shifted. Those who have not been allotted departments shall be given the same in due course,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13323882", "title": "No more non-vegetarian food for Ajmal Kasab", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistani gunman, Ajmal Kasab , has turned vegetarian in Arthur Road jail. Earlier, six police personnel who worked as cooks, provided him non-vegetarian fare occasionally. However, following objections by the Mumbai Police, the cooks were removed from jail last month. So Kasab now eats food prepared by the inmates.\"Kasab gets vegetarian food now since non-veg is not allowed in the jail. Earlier, when food was being cooked for around a dozen police personnel and Kasab, the cooks would prepare non-veg at times. But, today, Kasab gets what other petty criminals eat,\" said a jail official.Kasab, son of a Pakistani mutton seller, was convicted in 2010 for killing hundreds of people during the November 26, 2008, terror attack. Kasab, who would get his dinner after sunset earlier, is now served his dinner around 3.30pm since that is the \"barrack closing time for the jail\" (though Kasab is already in a closed barrack).The food is cooked by two dozen undertrials and some convicts. Earlier, Mumbai police personnel who were posted outside Kasab's cell would prepare food for themselves. \"They would sometimes make spicy non-veg food and biryani, too. But since the police cooks were removed last month, Kasab is being given food meant for the undertrials,\" said a jail source. Even in police custody during his interrogation, Kasab was provided non-veg food.Last month, the Mumbai Police raised objection to six police cooks being moved to Arthur Road Jail \"illegally'' for Kasab and seven jailors. The irregular transfer of cooks came to light during an internal review of the police's staff deployment and orders were issued by the police top brass for them to be immediately returned to their original postings.It is learnt that the review team found that three years ago, a head cook and two cooks of Mumbai Police, Jyotiram Satar, Krishna Turaskar and Jagdish Shetty, were inexplicably moved to Arthur Road Jail from Naigaon, Worli and Tardeo. They were made to prepare food for Kasab as well as seven jailors who were on deputation. The cooks returned to their original postings in April.It is to be noted that earlier, the state's prison inmates used to get non-veg food. The practice was stopped a few years ago. Some undertrials have filed a petition before the Aurangabad court in this regard. The court is yet to decide on it.Prison menu7am (Breakfast): Poha, upma, 100 ml of milk and a cup of tea10am (Lunch): Dal, roti, rice and vegetables3.30pm (Dinner): Dal, roti, rice and vegetables", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324744", "title": "Four more suicides reported in Nagpur in last 24 hours", "text": "NAGPUR: Four more suicides were reported in the city in the last 24 hours. This has the taken the number of suicides in the last three days to 11.In most cases, the reason behind the suicides is not yet known. Cops have registered cases of accidental death.On Saturday evening, a 22-year-old youth who had just completed his engineering studies was found hanging from the ceiling fan with his mother's sari at his Prem Nagar residence.Sajal Chakravorty had just passed his engineering degree in civil branch. He was currently working with a builder near his residence.Sajal's father, Shekhar, is a manager at a godown in Lakadganj and his mother Maya works with a catering company. Since it was summer vacation, Sajal's younger brother was also helping Maya with her catering.The suicide came to light around 6pm when the parents returned home. The parents said that since last three days he had been depressed and not talking to anyone.\"He would leave home in the morning for work and be back home around 2.30pm,\" said Shekhar. Police said he must have hanged himself in the afternoon. The post mortem was conducted at Mayo mortuary and a case of accidental death was registered at Lakadganj police station.In another incident, the body of 34-year-old Shashikant Patil was found floating at Ambazari Lake on Saturday evening. Patil, a resident of Sarvashri Nagar in Old Dighori, was an arts graduate but unemployed since last 10 years. He left home on Friday morning and was missing since then, said police.His family said that he was depressed as he had not got a good job and hence ended his life. No suicide note was found by Ambazari police and a case of accidental death was registered.Homemaker Rani Rathod (24) also succumbed to burn injuries after she set herself ablaze at her Hanuman Galli residence under the jurisdiction of Sitabuldi police on Friday night. She was declared dead on Saturday evening. Police claim to be clueless about the reason behind her act.The last incident took place at Gandhi Sagar Lake on Sunday afternoon, where Hanuman Nagar resident Manoj Marodkar (34) committed suicide. Ganeshpeth police are questioning the family and relatives to find out the reason for his suicide.In another development, Khare Town resident Shirbala Sawarkar (30) succumbed to her injuries despite being rescued after jumping into a well near her residence on Saturday. She was unmarried and depressed as well, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315557", "title": "I had initially refused to play Mona Darling: Mahie", "text": "Mahie Gill is excited to do her first movie where she will only have to play a glam doll.Mahie Gill is busy these days, having begun to shoot for the sequel of Saheb, Biwi Aur Gangster . In the pipeline is the remake of Zanjeer where she will reprise the role of Mona Darling. Speaking about her forthcoming roles, she says, \"It will be interesting to act with Irrfan again for Sahib, Biwi Aur Gangster . I have worked with him in Paan Singh Tomar . He is a fine actor and doesn't put any pressure on his co-actors. Tigmanshu's film also has Soha.\" While Mahie was more than eager to do Tigmanshu's film, she admits to have initially shied away from doing the remake of Zanjeer . \"I have never imagined of doing such a role where I only have to look good. I have been associated with films where I have a no makeup look. But this is completely different. Initially, I had refused to do this role too. But it was the director who showed a lot of confidence in me. Now, I see it as a challenge since I'll be doing what I haven't done before. Shooting for my portions of Zanjeer is expected to begin on June 30.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13327645", "title": "Four children injured in crude bomb blast", "text": "NADIA: Four children were injured after a crude bomb exploded at Dandapanitala in Nadia on Sunday morning, police said.The children, identified as Sandip Shil, Rahul Debnath, Nanda Hari and Biswajit Debnath, are from Nabadwip Phulbagan and are aged below 8 years.On Sunday, they found four cans and went to sell those to a scrap trader, but he refused. When the children were returning, one of them dropped a can which exploded, leaving the four injured.Police said they were taken to Nabadwip hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13328031", "title": "LPG racket busted, five nabbed", "text": "KOLKATA: There were reports of siphoning off subsidized cooking gas (LPG) from the domestic sector to auto-sector for quite some time. A recent raid by the city police's enforcement branch (EB) has proved those to be true. The EB raid has traced a huge stockpile of cooking gas cylinders at a hideout in south Kolkata's Kalikapur. In long run, this may affect our kitchens, oil company officials sounded alarm.Acting on a tip-off, police raided the hideout and arrested five persons, including two autorickshaw operators who had gone there to procure the subsidized cooking gas for their autorickshaws and three persons who built the stockpile by siphoning off the cooking gas cylinders from some unscrupulous dealers. One of the persons was an expert in transferring the gas from the cylinder to auto fuel tank with the help of flow-meter.Police also came to know that similar rackets were active in Chowbhaga, Garia, Kamalgazi, Sonarpur, Madurdaha from where a huge number of autos drew their daily quota of fuel at a cost almost 60% less than that of the auto-LPG price.Because of the government subsidy, the cooking gas price is much lower than what it should have been. On the other hand in last few months, the auto-LPG price has gone up steeply after its deregulation. Two years ago, whenthe Calcutta high court ordered the conversion of entire auto fleet from petrol to LPG, the price of auto LPG was less than half of what it is now. So, there was an enthusiasm for the conversion just to reduce the fuel bill. But now the auto LPG price has shot up to Rs 53 per litre, making the auto-operation costlier, said INTTUC affiliated auto-operators association secretary Pradip Saha.The siphoning of cooking gas to auto-sector has an economics. A 14.2kg cylinder is now priced at Rs 405 after subsidy. \"For diversion, it costs Rs 150 more. So, a racketeer gets the cylinder at Rs 550 on an average. This makes per kg of cooking LPG Rs 38.73. But one kg of cooking LPG is equivalent to 1.8 litres of auto LPG. One litre of auto LPG price is Rs 53 and the price of 1.8 litres is Rs 95.40. If the racketeer sells the cooking gas at Rs 50 per litre to an autorickshaw operator, even then the fuel comes at least 50%less than the market price of auto-LPG,\" said auto-emission consultant S M Ghosh.Even senior IOC officials have admitted 5 to 10% siphoning of LPG from domestic sector to auto sector. \"But we are taking stringent steps to curb this tend. We are also graduating to the issuance of LPG cylinder against specific smart card. This will help us to track the movement of LPG cylinder,\" said a senior IOC official.Only a few weeks ago, a joint team of Indian Oil Corporation and state enforcement directorate from Kolkata, accompanied by Nadia Police officials, raided a small car repairing shed at Alaipur-Zamadarpara in Chakdaha and unearthed a racket involving illegal refilling of commercial liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) cylinders from domestic cylinders being used for autos.The cops arrested Rezabul Mandal, a driver from the spot.However, the raiding officials failed to nab the prime accused Kalidas Mandal. , who runs the racket as he managed to escape.The team has confiscated at least 11 LPG domestic cylinders of different companies and also recovered a weighing machine and some devices used for refilling purpose of the gas to vehicle.However, the cooking gas, if used in autos, may cause pollution. Only a stringent regulation and regular raids may curb this trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13333341", "title": "Colonel injured as job aspirants turn violent", "text": "GAYA: Angry over alleged mismanagement and lack of transparency in recruitment process, nearly 5,000 unemployed youths from neighbouring Aurangabad district aspiring for a job in the Army, on Sunday morning indulged in vandalism near the recruitment centre at the Officers' Training Academy area located on NH-83 on the outskirts of Gaya town.Col D K Dash, director, recruitment, also received minor injuries in stone pelting by the aspirants. Besides indulging in stone pelting, they also torched two motorcycles including the one belonging to a CISF jawan deputed at the Gaya International airport. The CISF jawan was on his way to the airport when some violent youths intercepted him on NH-83 and torched his bike. He was also roughed up by the job aspirants.The vandals also broke the glass panes of nearly one dozen heavy vehicles passing through the area. They also put some barns of the neighbouring villagers on fire. On getting information, additional district magistrate (ADM) Udai Kumar, Sadar SDO Paritosh Kumar, City SP Babu Ram and Bodh Gaya DSP Imtiaz Ahmad alongwith a heavy police contingent rushed to the spot. It took more than an hour to take command of the situation but much damage had been done by that time. None of the trouble makers could be nabbed by the police. The Sadar SDO said the situation is now fully under control.According to a job aspirant Ashok Kumar (name changed), there was complete lack of basic facilities like drinking water and guidance of job aspirants and they were treated worse than animals at the recruitment centre.Rubbishing the allegations, Col Dash said those who indulged in vandalism were those who could not get selected. The number of aspirants was 20 times more than the vacancy. Hardly 5% of the nearly 5,000 aspirants, who turned up on Sunday morning, were eligible for recruitment and nearly 95 % were destined to be disappointed, he. added.Col Dash also said police deployment at the recruitment centre was not adequate. A meeting with the DM and SSP has been scheduled to discuss deployment and other issues related to law and order and security of the officials engaged in recruitments.Sadar SDO Kumar said that adequate force was deployed but the turn out was much more than expected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13351753", "title": "Don't believe in letting my talent waste: Anshuman", "text": "Anshuman Singh may be a 'new kid on the block,' but while in a conversation, he sounds much more confident for a debutant with no Bollywood connections.Catching eyes after playing the character of Jimmy in Saif Ali Khan's ' Agent Vinod ', Anshuman had to go through an extensive audition process before landing on the role. The actor admits that, \"Seldom, you may feel there is no hope,\" adding, \"But in such difficult times, the genuine trust of your family and friends in you and your talent will keep you going strong.\" Interestingly, he also has a medical degree; and has already turned down several offers from television. \"Television is great but it's a different style of acting; and it's not really what I am looking at,\" he explains, \"I am aiming at much bigger scales, and Bollywood is what I want to focus on at the moment.\"He says he never feels that he is wasting his time by pursuing acting and not settling down as a practicing doctor. \"I know I have genuine talent,\" he shares, \"I have put a lot of thought into it and being an actor is what I have always dreamed of. If you know that you have it in you to make it big, and still let it go just because you're unsure of success or fear the failure; you're being dishonest with yourself and with life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13342952", "title": "Neethaane En Ponvasantham first audio teaser released!", "text": "The makers of Jiiva and Samantha starrer Neethaane En Ponvasantham have released the first audio teaser.The teaser comprises of the movie's audio-with visuals of maestro Isaignani Ilaiyaraaja composing the music in London. It features the 108 piece live symphony orchestra by Isaignani with other musicians. The audio being close to 40secs is the opening pieces of one of the songs with catchy guitar piece and blends the magic and taste of both Isaignani and Gautham Vasudev Menon.The makers revealed that this is just the beginning and a string of making videos and footage are lined up to be released periodically. The fans of Ilaiyaraja and Gautham Vasudev Menon from all corners of the world are waiting to get the most awaited album of 2012? but until then these footages and teasers may quench their thirst to some extent!Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13355096", "title": "Napinder Gill set to release \"Aundi Nai Awaaz\"", "text": "Napinder Gill, Dubai (UAE) based Punjabi singer, songwriter and composer, is set to release Aundi Nai Awaaz on most major digital download platforms through MR Record.Born in city of Jalandhar in Punjab, Napinder was passionate about music since his childhood days. Napinder started singing shabads and songs in front of public and large audience at an early age of four years. At the age of 12 years, he started writing songs and has always been influenced by Gurdas Mann and tried to sing each one of his song.Napinder sung and won awards during his school days and found himself as a lead singer in a rock band when he was completing his baccalaureate degree. At this stage of life, he sang Bryan Adams' songs for his rock band and also won awards for singing Hindi and Punjabi songs at State Level University competitions.A prolific artist in his native style was touched by watching the living conditions of Punjabis in the Middle East when he moved to Dubai and started writing about their lives. How they just spend their whole lifetime in this region, just earning a little money and sending it back home to fulfill the needs of there families and to make sure that their children study well. This was his inspiration of writing the song Chaddna Punjab Nu in which he described the present situation of the youth of Punjab in his own style and why everybody is leaving Punjab and settling abroad.He also composed other songs like Dhol Naal Gaane , Neend Laigayee, Aundi Nahi Awaaz , Kharre Uttrange, Rangeeley Gabru , Murh Ke Tan Dekh , Ki Zor Gareeban Da and Pyar Diyan Thokran which are very unique, original, quirky and in-love-with-harmony.Napinder Gill's songs reminds about easily overlooked details in our society, emotions, pathetic acts and dreams. Source: Simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13348064", "title": "Air crash: 159 passenger cases settled for Rs 115 cr as second anniversary nears", "text": "MANGALORE: With just a day left for the second anniversary of the horrific crash of Air India (AI) Boeing IX 812, which resulted in the death of 158 persons including six crew members, the legal counsel for AI - Mulla &amp; Mulla, Mumbai - settled 159 of the 160 cases of passengers for Rs 115 crore. Advocate and solicitor Hoshang D Nanavati from Mulla &amp; Mulla told TOI that all cases barring one with a foreign firm had been settled either on full and final basis or as per the judgment of Kerala high court. Kapil Aseri, chief of finance, Air India Express, said, \"While 130 cases were settled on full and final basis, 29 were settled as per the Kerala high court's judgment.Nanavati said, \"All claims for more compensation than the settled amount by the victims' families will be time-barred as per the Montreal Convention, which has set a two year period for appeals, if they have not filed suit.\" Mahammed Beary, president of Mangalore Air Crash Victims' Families Association, said that about eight to 10 families of the crash victims, who were paid a compensation as per the Kerala HC's verdict might approach the civil court for more compensation or a minimum of one lakh SDR (Special Drawing Rights roughly Rs 75 lakh.)In January this year, the Supreme Court issued a notice to the Central government and AI on a petition by S Abdul Salaam seeking a minimum compensation of one lakh SDR under the Montreal convention each for the kin of all 158 persons killed in the crash. The matter will come up for hearing in October this year.Salaam, father Mohammed Rafi, 24, who perished in the crash, approached the apex court after a division bench of Kerala high court in August, 2011 allowed AI's appeal and quashed an order by the single bench holding a minimum of one lakh SDRs to be payable in respect of death of each passenger.In the May 22, 2010 crash 158 persons were killed after an AIE aircraft from Dubai caught fire when it plunged into a valley after it overshot the runway while landing at Bajpe airport.There were only eight survivors. There were 160 passengers and six crew members including 19 children and four infants on the ill-fated aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13324359", "title": "Maharashtra civic bodies defy budget e-report norm", "text": "MUMBAI: General apathy on the part of civic officials across the state is ensuring that information, which has to be mandatorily shared with citizens, is being kept out of the public domain for the last four years.The Maharashtra Municipal Corporations and Municipal Councils (Second Amendment) Act, 2007 came into force on March 1, 2008. Under this act, all municipal corporations, councils and nagar panchayats have to compulsorily publicize how their budget is being spent every financial quarter. The information must be provided within two months of the end of a quarter through newspapers or on the corporation's website. The audited statements for the entire financial year have to be publicized within three months of the end of the financial year.Urban development department (UDD) officials said even after the notification they have been regularly informing various local self-government bodies to release the information on their website but it is not being followed. For the first two quarters, the BMC uploaded the details on its website, however, thereafter it was stopped.\"The finance department uploaded the information for the first two quarters. Later, we informed all departmental heads that they must individually provide the information to the IT department, which would upload the data,\" said Ram Dhas, chief accountant (finance).M L Narvekar, director, IT, said he was unaware as to why no department had bothered to provide the information to his department. The BMC is not the only civic body guilty of the act of omission. Not a single civic corporation or council has been providing the data, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13345325", "title": "Mamata won't endorse Pranab Mukherjee for President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee has refused to endorse finance minister Pranab Mukherjee for the President's post, giving a twist to the race.Banerjee told a TV channel, \"I love Meira Kumar , she is very soft spoken, Gopal Gandhi has done good work, Kalam was a good president. Pranab may be the son-of-the-world but if you ask me my choice, I will go with Kumar, Gandhi and Kalam. But if Congress wants to go with Pranab, its their choice.\"The comment puts a question mark on Mukherjee's bid to wade into the race. While Congress is still to announce its preference for the top post, there is also a section in Congress that feels Mukherjee cannot be spared for the for the President's post because he is crucial to the government.If the West Bengal CM vetoes the finance minister, it may be difficult for Congress to evolve a consensus around his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331904", "title": "Cartoon politics", "text": "The so-called 'derogatory' cartoon of BR Ambedkar in NCERT's political science textbook of class XI that rocked both houses of Parliament prompting the government to apologise and order the removal of the 'objectionable' sketch, appears to be a political move to attract the Dalit votebank.The cartoon was first published in 1949, however, there were no objections raised. The recent decision has set a dangerous trend of having scholastic research over-ruled by the polity. I feel that the Indian Parliament has distanced itself from the very masses that it is supposed to represent.As a student, I am disappointed by the response of Parliament to ban the cartoon in the NCERT textbook. The book has been created by eminent scholars and was approved by the ministry of HRD. No one objected to the content, until now, and even Ambedkar's grandson recently pointed out that in all probability , even Ambedkar himself would not have any objection to it. What was the need then to blow it out of proportion?On one hand, the government talks of reforms in the education system, and then it takes a regressive step of assuring the removal of all political cartoons from textbooks. Having studied political science till class X, I found cartoons very interesting. Textbooks would have been boring without them and not every student can browse through pages full of text. Pictorial representation is easier to comprehend and the cartoons have helped me remember contemporary political situations more easily. I still remember 'Joothan' by Om Prakash Valmiki Jayanti because it was represented pictorially. Pictures have a longer retention than text. Besides supporting the text, cartoons add humour , making a subject more interesting.I strongly feel that not merely cartoons, but any visual that makes studying an interesting process must be a part of textbooks and arbitrary moves by political parties must not hamper the learning process. Today, they have banned cartoons; who knows what they will ban tomorrow?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13350496", "title": "E-commerce cos hiring talent from IITs, IIMs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The booming e-commerce space in India is likely to be the game changer for job market as online retailers have bullish hiring plans this financial year, say industry players.\"With the growing e-commerce industry in the country and major international players entering the market, the number of job offers would certainly look up,\" e-commerce firm Homeshop18.com CEO and founder Sundeep Malhotra said.The online retail segment is expected to report strong growth in the coming years owing to growing Internet consumer base thanks to increasing use of smartphones, laptops/PCs and availability of internet in the remotest part of the country.\"e-commerce space is a booming space as internet audience are likely to double in the next two-three years and this industry will require talent from various sectors like technology, product, analytics, sourcing, general management talent, merchandising and marketing,\" online retailer Fashionandyou.com co-founder and CEO Pearl Uppal said.Meanwhile, e-commerce major Snapdeal.com co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said Snapdeal.com has added a lot of resources to its team in recent months to sustain the rapid growth and plans to have a headcount of 1500-plus this year.Another e-commerce player HomeShop18.com has grown by over 70 per cent in headcount terms in 2011 over the last year and is further poised to grow by a similar percentage this year, including an augmentation of the technology team.Further, Fashionandyou.com, which has a current staff strength of 800 people is likely to strengthen its employee base by hiring more than 400 new members in this fiscal year.Snapdeal.com's Bahl further said compared to 35 per cent internet transactor penetration out of all internet users in China, the number is just 5 per cent in India. Also, in spite of accounting for 17 per cent of the world population, only 4 per cent of the internet users account from India.\"Given that the internet consumer base is also growing rapidly, and companies within the e-commerce space can scale very fast, it is a great opportunity,\" Bahl added.Meanwhile, the e-commerce sector is fast hiring the best talent available in the country and this placement season saw e-commerce companies recruiting big numbers at premier institutions like the Indian Institutes of Management ( IIMs) and Indian Institute of Technology ( IITs).According to a report by industry body Assocham, online retail segment is likely to be worth Rs 7,000 crore by 2015 due to rising broadband availability and increasing Internet penetration, from the Rs 2,000 crore at present. It is growing at an annual rate of 35 per cent.Leading e-commerce portals in the country include Flipkart.com, Futurebazaar.com, Ebay.In, Homeshop18.com, Snapdeal.com, Indiaplaza.com, Starcj.com, Amazon.com , Fashionandyou.com and Rediffshopping.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13346121", "title": "Tom Cruise denies trouble in his marriage with Katie Holmes", "text": "Tom Cruise has rebutted rumours that his marriage to Katie Holmes is crumbling, insisting that he is quite happy with their relationship.In an interview in the June issue of Playboy, the star said that he feels he doesn't have to 'prove anything'.\"Does refuting things help? Not really. There comes a point when you just have to go, \"You know what? Here's how I've lived my life:I've never been late to a set. I make films I believe in. I feel privileged to be able to do what I love.\" You just have to keep going and remember that,\" the Sydney Morning Herald quoted Cruise as saying.\"I hear it [the gossip], I read it, I get it. But life is not a matter of trying to prove anything to anybody.\"The 49-year-old insisted that he would not tolerate untruths about his family.\"You start with a letter saying, \"OK, you know it's not true. Apologise.\" But with certain ones you have to go, \"OK, you crossed a line, and now you have the attention of my lawyers.\"\"When it involves your kids, you have to go, 'Here's the line',\" he added.The 'Mission Impossible' star described Holmes as 'funny and charming'.\"When she walks into the room, I just feel better. I'm a romantic. I like doing things like creating romantic dinners, and she enjoys that. I don\"t know what to say - I'm just happy, and I have been since the moment I met her. What we have is very special,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13334399", "title": "Assam University teachers' union leader suspended", "text": "SILCHAR: Authorities of Assam University, Silchar have suspended the general secretary of the varsity's teachers' union for his \"activities against the interest of the central university\".The AU registrar on Saturday issued an order to suspend Sudipta Sarkar, Assam University Teachers' Association (AUTA) general secretary and a teacher in the department of agricultural engineering, from his services for \"showing a sense of disobedience to the authorities and his anti-university activities\".The AU authorities also issued a warning against Samir Behara, AUTA president and a teacher in the department of mathematics for \"major penalty\" under equal circumstances.AU authorities said they received complaints from a number of senior teachers that the AUTA functionaries were intimidating them against the prestigious central government institution of higher learning.This act of indiscipline is harmful and against the interest of the normal functioning of the varsity, the AU sources said.The action came a day before summer vacation begins in the varsity.AUTA, however, reacted by saying that the order to suspend its general secretary and the warning to the president is undemocratic. The association demanded immediate withdrawal of the \"arbitrary\" orders issued by the AU authorities.Only last week, AU authorities derecognised Assam University Non-Teaching Employees Association (AUNTEA) for its alleged anti-university activities.Sources said the tenure of Tapodhir Bhattacharjee as vice-chancellor of AU was over on March 26 this year. However, he is functioning as the acting vice-chancellor at present while the process for the appointment a new vice-chancellor in the next few days is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13340858", "title": "First Look of NTR\u2019s Baadshah", "text": "The first look of young tiger NTR's new movie 'Baadshah' has been released by the production house on NTR's birthday (May 20). NTR would be teaming up with director Sreenu Vaitla for this action comedy to be produced by Bandla Ganesh Babu under Parameswara Arts. The actor sports a stylish look -- a touch similar to his earlier movie \"Adhurs\". NTR's \"Baadshah\" is expected to be one of the prominent projects since it involves all top names in the industry. It was also buzzed that Seenu Vaitla has roped in Hollywood technicians for this project to oversee the special effects. Kajal Agarwal is sharing the screen space with J.NTR and S.S Thaman is lending the soundtrack. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan are penning the script and dialogues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13351949", "title": "White paper on black money sets stage for Lokpal Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday tabled the much-awaited white paper on black money in Parliament which did not disclose any name but made a strong case for setting up Lokpal and Lokayuktas to deal with the menace.The white paper, which was tabled by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the Lok Sabha , also did not provide government's estimate of black money, within and outside the country, though it quoted various estimates of other agencies on the issue.The 97-page document, however, pitched for fast-track courts to expeditiously deal with financial offences and deterrent punishment for offenders.It has also suggested tax incentives for encouraging use of debit and credit cards as these leave audit trails.On the possibility of any tax immunity scheme, especially gold deposit scheme, to deal with black money, it said, \"The issue of complete tax immunity needs to be examined in the light of other policy objectives.\"The document seeks to dispel the impression that government was not doing enough to deal with black money and talks about various policy options and strategies it has been pursuing to address the issue of corruption in public life.Referring to the issue of institutions like Lokpal and Lokayuktas, the paper said, \"(they) need to be put in place at the earliest, in the Centre and the states respectively, to expedite investigations into cases of corruption and bring the guilty to justice.\"The government has not been able to push through the Lokpal Bill in Rajya Sabha, despite pressure from the civil society. The Bill was approved by the Lok Sabha.In order to check the menace of black money, Mukherjee in his foreward to the paper said the government has brought five bills \"the Lokpal Bill, the Judicial Accountability Bill, the Whistle Blowers Bill, the Grievance Redressal Bill and the Public Procurement Bill, which are at various stages of consideration by Parliament\".The expansion of information exchange network at the international level will help in curbing cross-border flow of illicit wealth, he said, adding \"while these measures will set the tone for an equitable, transparent and a more efficient economy, there is much that we could do, both individually and collectively, to strengthen the moral fibre of our society.\"The paper suggested four-pronged strategy to curb generation of black money. These include more incentives for voluntary compliance of tax laws, reforms in vulnerable sectors of economy and creation credible deterrence.It mentioned that reform of financial and real estate sectors would help in reducing generation of black money in long term as freeing of gold imports had helped in checking smuggling.\"Fine tuning of financial regulation remains one of the key areas in creating deterrence against generation of black money and detecting black money in the process of being laundered...Strengthening of other reporting regimes can allow appropriate systems for flagging of dubious transactions in future and improve the probability of their timely detection and prevention,\" it added.In order to curb black money in the real estate sector, which accounts for 11% of GDP, the paper suggested that government should develop a nationwide data base, introduce TDS on sale of property and set up electronic payment system.The white paper has also made a case for tracking bullion and jewellery transactions, encouraging payment through debit and credit cards and prevent misuse of \"off market\" and \"dabba trading\" on equities and commodities market.It said that in order to ensure transparent and efficient allocation of natural and man-made resources, including mines, land and spectrum, \"oversight in the form of comprehensive regulations, independent regulator, and appointment of ombudsmen for grievance redressal...can be considered as a remedy.\"The introduction of Goods and Services Tax, it added, would be a major step in integrating the efforts of different agencies dealing with black money.Referring to the misuse of corporate structure, the paper said, \"The Vodafone tax case provides an instance of the misuse of corporate structure for avoiding the payment of taxes.\"In this case, it said, the Hutchison Group had made investments in India from 1992 to 2006 through a number of subsidiaries having 'separate corporate personality' but which were essentially post box companies based in the Cayman Islands, British Virgin Islands, and Mauritius .The Hutchison Group sold its entire business operation in India in February 2007 to the Vodafone Group for a total consideration of $11.2 billion and the same was effected through transfer of a solitary share of a Cayman Islands company.When the tax authorities requested the accounts of the said company, it said, \"The answer given was that as per Cayman Islands law, the company was not required to prepare its accounts.\"With increasing realization about the harmful effect of ownership being concealed behind complicated corporate ownership structure, such structure is coming under scrutiny.\"...it is expected that efforts taken by India in this regard as also global pressure will provide a check on these tendencies,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "13330166", "title": "\u2018Exemplary punishment must\u2019", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Residents of Model Town allege that a tree in their locality, which had an iron guard also around it, was chopped because it was coming in the way of a ramp of a house being constructed there. \"It is illegal to cut trees without taking permission but even though residents complained, no action was taken,'' said businessman Simaranjit Singh.Amarjit Singh, also a businessman, said, ''An FIR can be registered against anyone who cuts trees on public land but authorities are lying low. We met MC commissioner on Thursday but even he did not do anything. It looks like officials are hand in glove with those who have chopped the tree.'' Expressing concern over ''official apathy'', businessman Gurvinder Singh said, ''As it is there is very little green cover in the city. The authorities must take exemplary action against the responsible people.'' Commissioner Jaggi said, ''The complaint is not in my knowledge but I will look into the matter.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328100", "title": "One held for vehicle theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person was held at Rajouri Garden on Sunday for stealing vehicles.The accused, Taranjot alias Chiku, is a resident of Vishnu Garden. A Delhi University graduate, he was unemployed, a police source said. \"The accused was apprehended from Rajouri Garden,\" said V Renganathan, additional commissioner of police (west). \"When the numberplate of a motorcycle was found defective, cops stopped it.\"The driver was asked to show papers of the motorcycle but he failed to do so. We found the two-wheeler was a stolen one. The accused was arrested and his questioning led us to recover another stolen scooter,\" Renganathan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13327220", "title": "Physios want council on lines of Medical Council of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Association of Physiotherapists (IAP) has reiterated its demand for the formation of an independent central physiotherapy council on the lines of Medical Council of India (MCI) and Dental Council of India (DCI).According to the IAP, in the absence of a regulatory body, there is no check of quality of education provided to the students aspiring to join the profession and there is crisis of jobs as well.\"Out of 250 colleges that offer physiotherapy course in India, about 100 have been closed down in the last five years due to lack of opportunities. In Delhi, four colleges have shut down the physiotherapy department recently because number of students seeking to take admission in the course remained low,\" said Koshy K Mathai, executive member, IAP.He said physiotherapists have been demanding for a council for the last 20 years. \"In government hospitals, there are very few posts for physiotherapists and private sector does not pay well, said a physiotherapist who works at Lok Nayak hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13328741", "title": "'Cops slacking off in drive against drinking in open'", "text": "NASHIK: Consumption of liquor in the open, mainly while eating at roadside foodstalls in the city, is going unchecked owing to the lack of coordination between the city police and the officials of the excise department. With rising mercury levels, a large number of youngsters are seen 'chilling out' at roadside food stalls, gardens and other places. A few months back, the police had warned of strict action against persons found consuming liquor in the open and at such stalls.However, after the initial action by the police department, the campaign against drinking in the open seems to have fizzled out and the situation remains unchanged. In the night, a large number of youngsters are found consuming liquor in gardens and at food stalls. The excise department is of the view that if this practice is curbed, it will automatically lead to more business of licensees at bars and permit rooms and add to the revenue of the government. Cops insist action against such people is regular.\"We have taken action in this regard in the past and we are continuing with the same even now. However, this is not regular only because the city's police force is also tied up with many other crackdowns, operations and drives,\" said ACP Ganesh Shinde.Meanwhile, in the recent past, the state government had issued a circular, appealing to police commissioners and superintendents of police to inform the state excise department if they found any violation of terms and conditions of liquor licences rather than taking action on their own, which not only affects the revenue generation of the excise department but also demonstrates lack of co-ordination between the two departments of the state.When senior police officers were questioned in this regard, they clarified that this was not the case in Nashik and it could be easily gauged that though all commercial establishments are closed down by 10pm, no liquor shops or bars and permit rooms are forced to shut down.Unaware of the technicalities, local citizens are demanding that drinking in the open be banned in the city. Rajesh Pawar of the Upnagar area said, \"With the summer vacation currently underway, when we take our kids to gardens or even to have bhelpuri at the food stalls by the road, we constantly come across youngsters consuming liquor. At some places, they drink out in the open. A crackdown by cops can take care of things.\" With summer here already and a lot of people venturing out of their houses in the evenings, the menace of drinking in the open is pretty noticeable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13330290", "title": "Fringe groups see a ray of hope in Achuthanandan\u2019s move", "text": "KOCHI: Fringe groups in the state see a ray of hope in the latest attack of V S Achuthanandan against the CPM state leadership, as they feel it would facilitate evolution of an independent platform which can act as corrective force to the UDF and LDF.Even though they are still unsure whether VS or the party will take the war of words to its logical conclusion in the near future, they see that the developments are gravitating towards parting of the ways between them.The party leadership on the other side has chosen to downplay the consequence of the latest developments by choosing to deny the existence of a letter from VS against the leadership. Their strategy appears to be to force VS to come out in the open with his demands.Many intellectuals are also still sceptical whether the party and VS will dare any drastic steps considering the stakes involved on both the sides.\"The politics of Kerala was in a deadlock for the last couple of decades with UDF and LDF exchanging positions of power among themselves, in every five years. People were being forced to select one of the fronts. On the other side both these formations were unwilling to take up most of the basic issues of people. The brutal murder of T P Chanarasekharan has reinforced the need for an independent front to arrest the degenerations that are fast gripping all the political parties\", said women's activist and former naxallite leader K Ajitha.The leaders of Revolutionary Marxist Party and other groups estranged from the CPM are also of the same opinion.\"He has challenged the basic organizational norms of the established communist parties. When he demands replacement of elected party secretary, he would definitely be knowing the consequences,\" said a leader of the Left coordination committee.But intellectuals like historian MGS Narayanan are still sceptical. \"V S would not leave the party, though he may continue to create such an illusion. He has been a deft politician who is able to read the pulse of people and use it to his own advantage. But he is never sincere to what he has been professing, and will continue to remain inside the party. The party also will not push himself out as they know that there are no leaders within the party to match his popularity among the people ,\" MGS said.Some of erstwhile lieutenants of VS are also sceptical whether he will come out of the CPM.\"VS has not made any ground level preparations to take on a massive, monolithic organization like the CPM. He had written a letter demanding replacement of Vijayan as party secretary in 2006. But he continued with the party even then ,\" said a former VS sympathizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332734", "title": "Think green", "text": "Indira Gandhi National Open University (Ignou) has launched a onemonth online programme - appreciation programme on sustainable management of biodiversity - to understand and promote an improved quality of life through the protection of natural resources.Students with a graduation degree in any subject can apply. Postgraduate students, researchers, scientists, engineers , medical doctors, stake holders, policy-makers , administrators, and other professionals with requisite educational qualifications will be given preference.\"The sustainable management of biodiversity is one of the most important challenges facing humanity; one that requires active participation of dedicated professionals who are committed to the interdisciplinary nature of the subject. Our generation has the unenviable task of making hard, possibly irrevocable, decisions on natural resource , allocation and management issues at local, regional and international levels. In this context, the aim of this appreciation programme is to provide a critical and conceptually sophisticated understanding of biodiversity science and the socio-economic , political, cultural and institutional environments within which management and policy decisions are made,\" says Shachi Shah, programme coordinator, appreciation programme on sustainable management of biodiversity.The broad areas that will be covered include biodiversity and its importance, agro-biodiversity , threats to biodiversity , sustainable use of biodiversity and at the end of the course, students will have to undertake a project. \"The purpose is to provide an opportunity to students to apply the knowledge they have acquired in the course of studying scientific principles and technological methods underpinning the concept and pathways of sustainable management of biodiversity. Students may take up project work on any of the themes studied , taking into account local field conditions ,\" she adds.Shah says that eight faculty members from Ignou will take classes and visiting faculty and experts will also be invited to take counselling sessions. She further informs that the programme will provide appreciation/understanding to the students and will target the growing need for expertise in sustainable management of biodiversity in a changing climate. The programme will stress on the need for mainstreaming these issues in the development planning and poverty reduction.\"Students could become scientists, environmentalists, administrators, social scientists, policy-makers and enlightened corporate sector individuals to work on this issue,\" she says.At a GlanceThe Appreciation Programme on sustainable management of biodiversity will be available online on the SAVE (Sustainable Action and Virtual Education) Platform. It is a complete virtual learning environment suite, covering all the activities from registration to programme delivery Admission will be available throughout the year. There shall be four cycles in an academic year i.e. July, October, January and April. The two-month period between the two cycles shall be used for advertisement and registration of the students for the next cycle Registration forms will be specially devised with the facility of uploading scanned certificates, other required documents and photograph. Registration will be confirmed only after verification of the certificates and payment of the required admission fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13348235", "title": "MapmyIndia eyes Rs 100 cr revenue in FY13", "text": "NEW DELHI: Digital navigation device maker MapmyIndia is expecting to cross Rs 100-crore revenue mark in the current fiscal and plans to expand business in South Asian and African countries.\"We expect to cross Rs 100 crore revenue by the end of this financial year,\" MapmyIndia Managing Director Rakesh Verma said.The company expects to see significant boost in revenue from sales of its Android-based navigation devices 'Car Pads' that are being sold as bundled products with cars, location tracking based services and sale of map navigation applications.\"We have partnered with almost all car makers for selling Car Pads in most of the vehicles priced above Rs 5 lakh. Our product is already selling in IPL version of Volkswagen. Some car companies have their own device but using our maps and application in their device,\" Verma said.He said the company has also partnered with Maruti Suzuki for bundling car pads in select vehicles.\"Over the period of next 3 to 5 years, we are confident that around 30 to 40 per cent cars in India above Rs 5 lakh will be selling our products,\" Verma said.He added it is working with a leading telecom operator in the country to offer location-based services, which will inform about promotional offers around the location of mobile phone user and other such applications.The company will expand its business overseas next year, starting from the African and South Asian countries.\"We plan to make formal announcement of our business launch in a African and South Asian country next year,\" Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "sokrahatu (gumla)", "code": "13333222", "title": "Gumla villagers seek development despite presence of Maoists", "text": "SOKRAHATU (GUMLA): Residents of Sokrahatu village in Gumla district have called for development of the area despite the village being located inside deep forest in Maoist-hit Bardih panchayat under Chainpur block of the district. After remaining isolated and devoid of development for years, the residents here recently invited district authorities to take stock of its location and absence of development.All this, despite the fact that the Maoists observed martyrs day in a forest located near the village only a fortnight ago.The district officials, on their part, also arrived at the village to a warm welcome despite the Maoists threat and held a meeting with villagers for hours. The officials participated at the meeting included T Chowdhary (executive engineer) from Jharkhand State Electricity Board, Jaya Reshma (doctor), L Ahmad (assistant engineer and coordinator) of the drinking water and sanitation department , Jaideep Sinha (fisheries), A Chowdhary (industry extension officer) and block officials led by BDO Veena Prabha Tirkey. All of them spelt out that their respective department can do for the village for its development.The villagers, led by Ramawati Devi, told the officials that the village urgently needed a school as the nearest high school was located at least 10 km awahy and most of girls of the village have dropped out after middle standard.Responding to Ramawati's demands, district planning officer JJB Tirkey who led officials laid stress on community strength and strengthening of the gram sabha which has ample powers. He urged the villagers to prepare a village plan encompassing all aspects of development saying development lies upon them alone and officials would help guide them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13327245", "title": "Agalli residents plead for cross to be saved", "text": "MARGAO: Residents of Agalli have appealed to the South Goa collector not to demolish a cross in their area, as it has stood there for many years and locals have much religious attachment to it.The sub-divisional magistrate had issued an order dated May 9, 2012, directing the residents to demolish the cross based on a complaint from some citizens. A crib had been set up during Christmas last year by local residents near this cross.\"Unnecessary misunderstanding has been caused because the crib was erected,\" a local resident said. They feel it is not an obstruction as it is in the field.The Agalli residents will submit a memorandum to the South Goa collector requesting that their ancestral cross not be demolished as it would hurt their religious sentiments. Though it has been renovated with tiles and wears a new look, it has existed for many years at the site.Margao municipal councilor Joseph Silva said the government should tread cautiously in the matter and save the cross.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13327171", "title": "Not allowed to marry, couple ends life", "text": "AMBALA: An engineering student and a girl studying fashion designing, who reportedly had an affair for some years, consumed poison and died on Sunday. The couple, in their early 20s, were spotted by a police team, who rushed them to PGI in Chandigarh.Bodies of the victims - Vikram Singh , 21, of Salarheri village; and Pooja, 22, a resident of Chhota Khudda, were handed over to their families after postmortems.A suicide note was found on the couple in which they mentioned that no one should be blamed for their death. According to information, Vikram had an agricultural background and was doing a civil engineering diploma from a private institute near Barara town, and Pooja was a fashion designing student in a private institute at Ambala Cantt.Sub-inspector Rajender Dahiya, who is the investigating officer, said the families objected to the relationship as the two victims belonged to the same community. \"The families claimed they were distant relatives. As they refused to let the couple marry, the two committed suicide. No foul play is suspected though investigation is on,\" Dahiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13333649", "title": "And now, schools to teach about birds &amp; bees", "text": "RANCHI: The internet and television are fast becoming a major source of knowledge for children. But when a wrong message goes to them, it sends a worrying signal to parents and society. Among serious studies on the computer, children are also taking a peek into the secret world of adults.Many children have been caught watching pornography while parents thought they were surfing the net for their school projects. No wonder, schools are seriously contemplating sex education in the classroom to assuage their curiosity and to forestall occurrences of teen pregnancy and abortions.\"It's a very good idea because children are getting wrong information. So schools have to take up the responsibility. We need to handle the psychology of the child as well,\" said A K Singh, vice-principal, DAV Shyamli. Singh added, \"It should be implemented properly. Children are at an impressionable age. The education is best imparted to them in the presence of child psychologists to make them understand better.\"Lack of communication from either teachers and parents is perhaps pushing children to the cyber world to find their answers, felt experts. While teachers feel parents are teaching them the basics at home, parents feel teachers are doing the same in school. Actually, it's the duty of both. Since parents shy away from answering some of their embarrassing questions, they get more curious. And when there's no information coming from the teachers either, they become restless and click the mouse, said psychologists.Sharmistha Kumar, who teaches accountancy and business at DAV Shyamli, said, \"Sex education should start from Class IX because by that age students become mature and they can understand better. It's a basic fact of life which should be told to them.\" She said first the teachers need to be trained as students ask uncomfortable questions. Later on, parents can also be roped in for such sessions.\"It is also important to know how much the child should be told, and so it is best to involve the students, teachers and parents,\" she said. Students welcomed the idea. \"Yes awareness is important. Without any hesitation we need to be told,\" said Sweety Pandey of DAV Shyamli. Aradhana Tiwary, from the same school, said, \"We don't want details, but the fundamentals should be told so that we can learn to protect ourselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "from his divine power comes forth all this magical show of name and form, of you and me, which casts the spell of pain and pleasure. only when we pierce through this magic veil do we see the one who appears as many. shvetashvatara upanishad * if we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds. wayne dyer * people usually consider walking on water or in thin air a miracle. but i think the real miracle is not to walk either on water or in thin air, but to walk on earth. every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don`t even recognise", "code": "13318614", "title": "Magic and logic", "text": "From His divine power comes forth all this magical show of name and form, of you and me, which casts the spell of pain and pleasure. Only when we pierce through this magic veil do we see the One who appears as many. Shvetashvatara Upanishad * If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds. Wayne Dyer * People usually consider walking on water or in thin air a miracle. But i think the real miracle is not to walk either on water or in thin air, but to walk on earth. Every day we are engaged in a miracle which we don`t even recognise: a blue sky, white clouds, green leavesa\u00a6All is a miracle. Thich Nhat Hanh * There is no such thing as magic, supernatural , miracle; only something that`s still beyond the logic of the observer. Toba Betaa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328288", "title": "Rupee dips further, holiday plans crash", "text": "NEW DELHI: This summer season, the spirits of those planning their annual vacations mirror the trends in exchange rates. As the value of the rupee continues to decline - almost Rs 55 against the US dollar now - people are compelled to adjust their holiday budgets accordingly. Although this hasn't completely deterred people from travelling this time, industry experts say that many have modified their trips to alleviate the financial strain.\"People are now choosing to take short haul flights, or go for weekend getaways and shorter trips,\" says Rajji Rai, president, Travel Agents' Association of India. Also, a major change this year has been the rise in domestic bookings. The exchange rate, coupled with the exit of Air India and Kingfisher from international routes has greatly increased international airfare.\"This year, domestic travel has gone up by 25% to 35%,\" says Neeraj Dev, head of outbound products, Yatra. Chandrabhooshan Srivastava of Globotel added that domestic travel has gone up by 30%, especially in hilly areas like Kashmir, Manali, Simla, and Himachal Pradesh. People who travelled abroad last year are opting even more for domestic travel. In terms of international travel, destinations like Thailand and Hong Kong in the Far East seem to have displaced European and American ones.Opting for these destinations is making daily expenses during the trip more bearable. With the rupee at Rs 54.88 against the dollar, and Rs 86.46 against the pound, travelers to Europe or the United States will now have to spend a lot more than they bargained for. Whether it is entry tickets to a museum or a quick bite at a restaurant, travellers will have to pay more. \"Budgets are completely haywire now. People are cutting down on the number of destinations and days of their trip to alleviate some financial strain,\" says Anurag Agarwal, SA Southend Travel.Priyanka Jain, a homemaker who is travelling to the US with her family in June, says: \"We were supposed to book last month, but there was some confusion about the dates. We booked last week instead, and ended up paying 30% more.\" Even travel agents and tour operators are facing immense problems on account of the weakening rupee. \"Many had committed to a fixed rate for travel packages, based on the earlier exchange rate, and had also booked bulk rooms at hotels. With the rupee weakening by almost two rupees from the beginning of the month, the agents are now in a fix over recovering the additional costs,\" says Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13332547", "title": "High Court closed today", "text": "The Karnataka HC in Bangalore and its circuit benches in Dharwad and Gulbarga will remain closed on Monday to mourn Justice K Govindrajulu, who was killed in a road accident in Andhra Pradesh on Saturday. However, other courts in Bangalore and elsewhere in the state will function normally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13335427", "title": "45 on the run after taking leave from various state jails", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state's jail authority is struggling to trace at least 45 convicted prisoners who are at large since they obtained leave or emergency release from various jails to visit their native places have never returned. Among the 45 prisoners, many were arrested as illegal Bangladeshis booked under Section 302 of the IPC and are missing for almost a decade. Earlier, an affidavit filed by the state government before the Gauhati High Court in 2010 revealed that 69 convicts were granted leave and/or emergency release and had never returned.\"Some of them were rearrested while some died. But as of now we are looking for 45 fugitives. We have alerted all the district police,\" said a top jail official. \"Of them, 12 hailed from Karimganj, two from Cacher, two from Hailakandi and one from Dhubri. All of them have roots in Bangladesh and we suspect they might have crossed the border,\" he added. The latest National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report said three prisoners escaped from jail and five others fled while on leave in 2010 in Assam. However, only two were rearrested in that period.Sources said that most of them took a leave to repair their houses, some for medical treatment of family members and some for their daughters' marriage or other ceremonies. As per the Assam Prisons (Leave and Emergency Release) Rules, 1968, and amended in 1986, a lifer, after completing three years in prison, is eligible to apply for leave of 20 days to the jail superintendent. Other convicts are eligible for leave of 20 days on completion of two years in jail. A prisoner can apply for leaves once a year.\"Earlier, the leave grant was taken up by the inspector-general of prisons before the high court order. Now, the leave application is filed through the jail superintendent and the CJM calls for a detailed report from the district magistrate and SP of the native of the prisoner. The CJM has to verify the cause for the application,\" the official added. According to the official statistics, Assam has the highest number of such cases among the other northeastern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13352031", "title": "I came for birthday party, didn't know about rave: Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pune Warriors cricketer Rahul Sharma on Monday refuted allegation that he was present at a rave party at a Mumbai hotel, claiming that he had gone there to attend a birthday celebration.\"I was invited to a birthday party. Wayne Parnell was with me, I did not know that there was a rave party at the hotel,\" said the spinner, who along with his Pune Warriors teammate, was detained by the police after a raid at the Hotel Oakwoods in Juhu.\"We reached there at around 7 in the evening and all of a sudden within half an hour of us reaching there, the police raid happened. We didn't know what was happening, I asked the police officers and they told me that a raid was in progress,\" he said.Sharma said he has been cooperative with the police and claimed that he has never touched alcohol.\"We have cooperated with the police and have even given medical tests. I belong to a simple family and have not even had a beer in my life, where does the question of attending a rave party arise?\" he asked.\"I have told everything to the team management and things would be clear once the medical report comes out,\" he said.Police detained 96 people after the raid at the hotel late Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13332841", "title": "Decks cleared for Jharkhand Public Service Commission main exam on May 25", "text": "RANCHI: Decks have been cleared for holding the main examination of the fourth state civil services examinations conducted by Jharkhand Public Service Commission. An order in this regard was issued by the Jharkhand high court on Saturday which turned down plea of the petitioners to put a stay on the examination procedure. The main examination of the JPSC civil services would now be held as per pre-announced schedule on May 25.Court of Justice N N Tiwary, while hearing a petition filed by Vikas Anand and Sandeep Kumar, bserved that there was no anomaly with the process of scaling as was argued by the counsel of the petitioners. The court had earlier directed the JPSC to get the scaling process adopted by the commission, re-evaluated by Indian statistical institute, Kolkata. A report of the ISI was submitted before the court which gave clean chit to the procedure of scaling adopted by JPSC. The petitioners had also alleged repetition of questions from Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) civil services examination.Hearing arguments of both sides, Justice N N Tiwary slated the matter for next date of hearing on June 25, meanwhile, allowing conduct of the main examination.The petitioners through an interlocutory application argued that the report of ISI was not opinion of the institute; instead it was compiled and sent by an individual professor. After hearing the argument, the court asked the petitioner to come up with detailed arguments on next hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13354303", "title": "2010 murder case: Woman gets life imprisonment for killing husband", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge S P Tavade recently sentenced housewife Rekha Chavan (26) of Kondhanpur in Haveli taluka to life imprisonment with fine of Rs 1,000 for committing the murder of her husband Sitaram Chavan (30) in 2010.According to the prosecution, Rekha bludgeoned her husband to death as he used to harass her under the influence of liquor on regular basis because he suspected her fidelity. The prosecution said that Rekha's motive behind the murder was that her husband was against the illicit relations with another man.Rekha had used a grinding stone for killing Sitaram while he was sleeping on July 7, 2010. The Haveli police arrested the accused on a complaint registered by her brother in-law Shankar Sadhu Chavan.Judge Tavade in its judgment observed that the accused was present at home at the time of incident, but she failed to explain how her husband had sustained severe injuries on his head and how the blood stains were found on the grinding stone.The judge rejected Rekha's defence that her husband had died in a road accident. Additional public prosecutor Ramesh Ghorpade examined 17 witnesses for proving guilt of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13332929", "title": "Science Olympaid participants from Jharkhand feted", "text": "RANCHI: As many as 167 people comprising students, principals and teachers from the state who were selected for the National Science Olympaid were felicitated by the Science Olympaid Foundation at a function held on Sunday at the Gurunanak Higher Secondary School where Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh was the chief guest. Among those felicitated were 11 participants who won international awards at the national Science Olympaid.Chairperson of Jharkhand State Social Welfare Board Pratibah Pandey and director of IIM Ranchi M J Xavier were also present on the occasion. The students who were awarded in the international rank were Rajarshi Khan, a Class X student of DPS Ranchi. He had won a Rs 1 lakh scholarship at the National Cyber Olympiad. Ayush Mukherjee, a Class X student of DAV De Nobili (Dhanbad) was also awarded in the National Science Olympiad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13349107", "title": "Jasbir Jassi at Cannes", "text": "The 65th Cannes International Film Festival has already begun and and India will be represented by four films namely Miss Lovely, Peddlers, Gangs of Wasseypur and Kalpana. But, this time around we'll get to see Punjabi flavor as well at Cannes. Jasbir Jassi will be performing at Cannes, becoming the first Punjabi singer to perform at the this Film Festival.Though last year Jasbir Jassi debuted at the Cannes Film Festival as a guest to promote his Punjabi film Khushiyaan . This year he has been chosen by the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) to perform at the Incredible India theme party.To quote the singer, \"I have always wanted to make my presence felt in the global music arena and this is a turning point. I want to tell people that our music is unmatched and we can touch hearts by singing songs with just a harmonium as an accompaniment.\"Jasbir Jassi will be accompanied by six musicians and all of them will be dressed in traditional Punjabi Phulkari outfits designed by Harinder Singh, owner of the store 1469.Source: Punjabiportal.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331747", "title": "New branding tools", "text": "Companies across the world are increasingly offering programmes known as graduate programmes or fasttrack schemes to attract future international managers and to win their loyalty. These programmes are growing rapidly in Europe and are now an essential part of HR policies of major multinationals.\"Large multinationals have had coaching and training programmes for future leaders for more than 40 years. These programmes are meant for high-potential experienced managers already working in the company . Recent years have seen the development of new types of programmes meant to attract and train recent graduates, more frequently known as graduate or trainee programmes,\" says Manuelle Malot, director of career services at EDHEC Business School, France, who has recently published the Guide to International Graduate Recruitment Programmes, which describes programme contents, the backgrounds sought, and the admission requirements to such programmes .A marketing tool for recruitment, building loyalty and for career management , these programmes are sparking interest in the members of 'generation Y,' whose demands for international mobility and a diversity of experiences and training are met through these programmes.\"This opportunity makes it possible for the participant to discover the culture of the company and to get to know its specialties by assigning him or her successively to several positions in different subsidiaries and countries, interspersed with periods of evaluation, technical training and personal development, and a dual form of guidance: coaching and mentoring,\" explains Malot.These programmes are large investments for companies and contribute to their 'employer brand.' They are promoted as products and services and bear names that will themselves become real brands, such as Beiersdorf's Beyond Borders, Schneider's Marco Polo, British American Tobacco's Challenge Initiative; or they are acronyms: EADS's Progress, Maersk's MISE, Microsoft's Mach, Avery Denison's Gold, to mention a few.What the programmes give participants is an opportunity for continuous learning and development, guidance - mentoring and coaching - of senior management and human resources , help them build a strong international network and equip participants to play a larger and more strategic part in the future of the company.These programmes are characterised by an elaborate selection process created in the service of demanding entry requirements to integrate graduates of institutions of higher education and to foster their loyalty. They help companies to meet their long-term recruiting needs for those with international backgrounds and to avoid disastrous turnover of the best new recruits, says Malot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13332618", "title": "I\u2019d have killed myself if I were B S Yeddyurappa, says K S Eshwarappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Launching a counter-offensive against B S Yeddyurappa, state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa said that he would have committed suicide if he was in the former chief minister's shoes.\"I would definitely have committed suicide rather than face these hurdles,\" Eshwarappa said on Sunday at the party office, referring to the CBI raids on Yeddyurappa in connection with illegal mining cases, and his 24-day jail term. Eshwarappa, however, lauded Yeddyurappa, saying he was a bold individual and had the capacity to cross any hurdle and emerge victorious.The BJP has preferred to remain silent in the face of Yeddyurappa's onslaught against top party leaders. On Saturday, the sulking Karnataka strongman took central BJP leaders head-on , stating that no one had the capacity and potential to lead the party.Invoking former Prime Minister A B Vajpayee's name, the former chief minister said none of the leaders had the capacity to lead the party in the hour of crisis.\"The party has failed to introspect and resolve the internal party crises in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka,\" he had maintained.The attack from the beleagured BJP leader comes at a time when the BJP is gearing up for its executive meet in Mumbai, scheduled on May 24-25 to re-elect Nitin Gadkari as president for one more term. Yeddyurappa said he would skip the executive meet.Over the past few days, he has been publicly bashing all state and central BJP leaders, which is being seen as a ploy to invite disciplinary action from the party, so that he can also cash in on the consequent sympathy.With arrest by the CBI imminent , ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa appear to have dropped plans to seek the chief minister's gaddi or state party president's post for their leader. Six ministers, who met BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan on Saturday evening, reportedly asked him to respect Yeddyurappa and not humiliate him.They also sought protection of their posts as ministers and their portfolios.TIMES VIEWCement the cracks, don't widen them. Dissension-hit BJP seems to have gone blind to the writing on the wall, and is making efforts to script a perfect disaster. The party's foremost task is to keep the Lingayat vote bank intact, and win over the dissidents. Caught in a decibel war with the renegade, the party, too, seems to have deployed bluster and harangue as its only weapons. This could put the party at risk at the next hustings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13327088", "title": "Kushawati bridge and better health centre at Quepem, assures CM Manohar Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has assured to expedite the work of construction of the Kushawati bridge and the upgradation of the primary health centre at Quepem, both projects, which are way behind schedule.Parrikar gave this assurance while interacting with locals at Sanguem, where he had gone to open the offices of the Sanguem MLA Subhash Phaldesai on Saturday.The foundation stone for the bridge was laid just before the 2007 assembly elections by then chief minister Pratapsing Rane. While the PWD issued the work order to the contractor only in August 2010, the actual work of the project was inaugurated by Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar in December, 2010.The estimated cost of the bridge has soared from the initial 5 crore to over nearly 9 crore, sources informed TOI.Attempting to justify the delay in commencement of the work on the Kushawati bridge, Kavlekar, while inaugurating the project, had said that the delay occurred as the tenders first floated by the PWD evoked poor response and hence the work had to be re-tendered after reworking the estimates as per the revised schedule of rates.It is learnt that though the estimate was revised to 8.5 crore, the delay in the work has caused the rate to shoot up still higher. The project was expected to be completed by February.The work of the upgradation of the primary health centre to a 30-bed hospital is also progressing at a slow pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13348163", "title": "2 of the surviving quadruplets discharged from Mangalore hospital", "text": "MANGALORE: The two of the surviving identical quadruplets were discharged on Sunday from the Indiana Hospital here.At the time of discharge, the baby which had 840 gram birth weight, weighed 1.65 kg and the 580 gram baby weighed 1.54 kg.Ayshathul Tahira and Abdul Latif, parents of the babies told TOI, \"We were sad losing two babies, but we are happy that two survived and are doing well.\"Tahira added, \"I would have been happy if God had given me all the four. Now that we have two, we will look after them well.\"Dr Ali Kumble, chairman of the hospital said that Quadruplets were very rare. \"Quadruplets occur once in 70 lakh births and identical quadruplets happen once in 13 million births. There are only 60 such cases recorded worldwide and it was a challenge to ensure their survival.'' At birth on March 11, two babies weighed 900 grams the other two weighed 580 grams.Tahira, married for eight years, had three abortions before giving birth to the quadruplets at a nursing home in Kasargod. The babies, still not named, underwent a procedure to correct the retinopathy of pre-maturity a couple of weeks back.Dr Kumble said that the parents would not be burdened much with the hospital bill as they had received contributions from philanthropists in the country and abroad. Latif, who was working in Dubai retuned two months ago. Tahira is a house wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13324557", "title": "High court raps cops for arresting elderly for playing cards", "text": "MUMBAI: Things are getting murkier every day, said the Bombay high court even as it criticized the police for illegally detaining a group of senior citizens playing rummy and bridge at an Andheri gymkhana last year. The court has also stayed the investigation into the case.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode on May 9 was hearing a petition filed by 17 senior citizens, including members of Andheri Gymkhana and their guests, urging the court to quash the FIR registered under the Bombay Prevention of Gambling Act. Around 9.30pm on August 10, 2011, the petitioners, who were playing cards at the gymkhana, were arrested and dragged to the police station under media glare after an Andheri (E) police team raided the club. The senior citizens had to reportedly spend a night at the police station before they were released on bail at 6am the next day. The petitioners said they were not allowed to eat, make calls or even to take their medicines/injections. One of the elderly persons, who had his leg in a plaster, was not even allowed to sit, the petition stated. Their arrests were flashed on TV \"as gamblers gang busted\" and the media report went on to say: \"Senior citizens have been playing bridge and rummy for several years at the gymkhana undisturbed and unhindered\".According to the FIR registered by the police, the arrests were made as they did not have a licence to gamble. The petitioners' advocate, Tejas Bhatt, argued that playing bridge or rummy even with stakes and counters did not amount to gambling. \"Because these are games of skills they do fall under the provision of the Act,\" said Bhatt. He added in any event, the offences alleged were baileable and there was no reason to detain them for such a long time.When additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia said the police \"recovered playing cards, counters and some money from each of them\", the judges said the FIR did not mention the name of the card game, which amounted to gambling. They asked Kantharia to read the statement annexed with the FIR regarding the sum recovered from the arrested. When told that each was carrying Rs 100-Rs 500, Justice Kanade said, \"Gamblers do not carry so little money. They have much more.\"The judges said the police conduct could not be defended. Kantharia agreed with the judges' observations and supported the petitioners' plea for an inquiry against the policemen.On May 10, the court passed an interim order restraining the police from further investigations into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13324162", "title": "Cough syrup takes more teens on a trip", "text": "MUMBAI: Priyam Panchal's parents found nothing amiss with the 16-year-old sleeping all day and staying awake at night, until the Malad girl slapped her father for stopping her from going out with friends. It was then that her shocked parents found over 40 empty bottles of cough syrup under her bed.Priyam (name changed) was not suffering from any ailment that would require her to consume cough suppressants. Her parents remained in denial for over a month and delayed consulting an expert even as she became more abusive and violent. When they finally took her to a psychiatrist, she was diagnosed with codeine addiction, which was making her heavily dependent on cough syrup. The Panchals sent her to the Drug Abuse Information Rehabilitation and Research Centre in Kalyan, where Priyam is undergoing a nine-month therapy.De-addiction experts say Priyam's case is neither isolated nor surprising. Codeine addiction, or rather a trend northeastern states are infamous for, has suddenly caught the fancy of adolescents in the city. An essential ingredient in cough syrup, codeine's prolonged use can lead to addiction. Experts say 6-15% of those enrolling in de-addiction programmes in the city have a history of codeine or cough syrup addiction.\"The addiction hits those aged 13-14; the ratio of female addicts is more,\" said Dr Yusuf Merchant, president, DAIRRC. The observation was shared by other rehabilitation centres in the city, where authorities said four out of the 10 addicts are teenage girls.Fr Joseph Pereira, founder, Kripa Foundation, a rehabilitation centre for those affected by chemical dependency, said codeine addiction was affecting a \"silent and hidden majority\". He said, \"Young boys are into designer drugs, but for girls, cough syrups are the easiest to access and cheapest to use.\"Some centres also receive housewives as codeine addicts. In February, a south Mumbai hospital treated a 32-year-old mother of two from Gamdevi. She was taken to the hospital with complaints of drowsiness, lethargy and extreme mood swings. \"After tests costing about Rs 40,000, a doctor suspected that her problem was elsewhere. The woman confessed to the addiction only after four-five counselling sessions, citing lack of attention from her husband as the reason,\" said a doctor. \"The woman admitted to buying cough syrups in bulk.\"Counsellor Jatish Shah, who was attached to Masina Hospital's alcohol and drug rehabilitation centre, said the facility may have treated 400 patients over eight years. \"Codeine addiction leaves no traces like smell. The number of housewives addicted to it could be shockingly large.\"The FDA has started raiding chemist shops to find unexplained sales of cough syrup. It cancelled licences of 40 who sold over 1,500 bottles without bills or prescriptions. JJ Hospital professor of psychiatry Dr Yusuf Matcheswalla said some earn Rs 40,000-50,000 from selling the syrups and called the problem \"alarming\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330871", "title": "CM J Jayalalithaa calls up friends to back P A Sangma", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday stepped up her lobbying for the candidature of NCP leader and former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma for the upcoming Presidential elections.She spoke to several non-UPA leaders including BJP stalwart LK Advani, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat , CPI leader A B Bardhan, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav , Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and TDP leader Chandrababu Naidu in an effort to build consensus in Sangma's favour.\"As part of her campaign for Sangma, Jayalalithaa has spoken to the leaders over the phone and asked them to support Sangma who is also a tribal leader from the north-east and a capable person for the presidential post,\" a statement issued by the AIADMK headquarters here stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13335345", "title": "Drinks to be dearer in Meghalaya", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya government has approved a proposal to hike license fees of different categories of alcohol outlets in the state to generate additional revenue of up to Rs 1.22 crore annually.The cabinet approved the proposal to hike the license fees of bonded warehouses, bottling plants, retail shops and bars in view of the Rs 148-crore target set by the state finance department for the current fiscal, excise minister Abu Taher Mondal told reporters after a cabinet meeting.\"Last year, the target set for the department was to generate Rs 124.42 crore, and the total collection was Rs 129.12 crore,\" he said.The annual license fees for bottling plants has been raised from Rs 1,10,000 to Rs 1,35,000 and license fees for Indian Made Foreign Liquor retail outlets was raised from Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000.The excise minister also said license fees for bars have been approved to be raised from Rs 40,000 to Rs 60,000.The cabinet has also approved the service rules for three directorates of the education department.The service rules have been approved by the cabinet for the directorate of higher and technical education (DHTE), the directorate of educational research and training (DERT) and the directorate of school education and literacy (DSEL).Education minister R C Laloo said the approved rules will replace the office memorandum which the department followed. He expressed hope that the functioning of the education department would be smoothened in matters relating to promotions, filling up of vacancies and regulation of teachers' training in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13331943", "title": "Poor management perpetuates poverty: Guy Pfeffermann", "text": "After 40 years as an economist at the World Bank , including 15 years as Chief Economist at the International Finance Corporation, in 2003 Guy Pfeffermann founded the Global Business School Network (GBSN) on the principle that skilled management is critical to successful international development. GBSN facilitates relationships between member schools in developed and developing nations through an annual conference and other opportunities. This year the conference is being held in Delhi from June 11-14. Excerpts of his interview with Malini Sen.What makes a business school truly global - student/ faculty, curriculum or methodology?A truly global school prepares students, executive education participants and corporate leaders to operate smoothly in different countries, different cultures, different institutional environments, often different languages. For example, such schools can bring together CEOs from a dozen or more countries for a weekend in a top-flight executive education programme where they can learn from one another. It will offer student teams exceptionally well-structured experiential programmes abroad, where, for example, they will help to improve the effectiveness of an African NGO engaged in global health. It will require MBA students to be fluent in several languages and help to arrange challenging internships in companies abroad. The key challenge in business today, GBSN believes, is poor management perpetuates poverty.Can you elaborate?The issue of poor management goes well beyond business. It is a macroeconomic issue as big a brake on development and poverty reduction as corruption. Many hospitals, for example , are managed very inefficiently, and this actually causes preventable deaths. The same is true for many public sector and civil society organisations that are of vital importance. Altogether billions of dollars are being wasted around the world because of poor management. Improved management generates more bang for the buck.What is your view on management education in India? What have been the successes so far and the challenges that lie ahead?Indian employers complain loudly about the quantitative and qualitative gaps they perceive between the managerial skills they expect of recruits, and what most business schools produce. Experience suggests that only a third of effective learning occurs in classrooms. The rest is not about knowledge but on experiencing 'doing' and very importantly, how to lead others by shaping one's character and ethos. Most business schools conform to university incentives and constraints, which inhibit them from breaking away from the traditional mould and innovate, sometimes radically. I have been impressed with the commitment to excellence, innovation and internationalisation that our members in India - IMT Ghaziabad and Indian School of Business (ISB) - have demonstrated. I look forward to our conference in India next month where we will discuss how they and others are improving management education to power economic and social development in India and across the developing world. What makes a 'global' manager?A global manager is a person that can operate effectively across political, institutional and cultural boundaries. Post-recession, the MBA's image has been slightly tarnished, also according to recent surveys, aspirants prefer to opt for a specialised Master's than an MBA.Do you think an MBA can change the world?Good managerial talents are scarce, especially in the developing world. Managerial talent can have a great impact when brought to bear on organisations that touch all our lives, for example, health or education organisations, 'base of the pyramid' producers, or public enterprises.A team of MBA students, winner of GBSN's MBA Challenge helped to develop a $300 house; this could transform the lives of countless low-income families. The recession and concurrent backlash against MBAs has been an opportunity for B-schools to rethink their programmes and perspectives, and they are increasingly incorporating new programmes and opportunities that give their students managerial experience in a wide variety of sectors, such as sustainability, social entrepreneurship and development.What is your vision for GBSN and what would you like to achieve in emerging markets such as India?GBSN's vision is for the developing world to have the management talent it needs to generate prosperity. In India, I would like to see greater awareness on the part of policy-makers that the quality and volume of management talent is a crucial driver of economic and social development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13334806", "title": "Man body found in gunny bag", "text": "KANPUR: A man's body stuffed in a gunny bag was found near an engineering college in Maharajpur on Sunday morning.The local residents noticed the gunny bag and alerted the Maharajpur police. The policemen open the bag and found a man's body in it. There were wounds on the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "13327165", "title": "\u2018IIT-JEE question pattern has changed\u2019", "text": "KOTA: The IIT-joint entrance examination question pattern has changed a lot over the years. The focus has now been to accommodate more students.\"With the increased number of seats and moderate question pattern, more students are making the cut compared to 80s and 90s,\" said VK Bansal, founder and managing director of Bansal classes.However, students have a different viewpoint. \" Yes , the seats have been increased and the papers are not as tough as they used to be. But even the competition has increased manifold. Look at the number of students enrolling every year. The pressure is much more than it used to be in the past,\" said Geentajli Biswas, a student at one of the coaching institutes in Kota.Her views were echoed by Narendra Avasthi, director of Vibrant Academy. \"These exams are relative and there will be no impact on the standard of students entering IIT. No matter how tough or easy the papers are, only the brilliant students will get selected.\"The central government's efforts to curb the mushrooming growth of coaching institutes are playing a pivotal role in this shift. \"There has been a dilution in the set standard of JEE. This year's paper was a notch below in terms of difficulty compared to last year. By bringing down the difficulty level, JEE is trying to give equal opportunity to those not taking any coaching. Taking weightage of VII grade marks into account is yet another step in this direction,\" said Pramod Maheshwari.Despite all the efforts, the JEE could not avoid controversies in conducting the test. A last minute glitch of putting two answers for a question, which was earlier declared null and void due to technicalities, changed the rankings of many students.IIT should be careful while designing the question papers as last minute cancellations and changes affects students' confidence. But we also appreciate the way they brought transparency in the system,\" said RK Verma of Resonance.However, the experts appreciated the transparency brought in by the JEE.This year the OMR sheets, answers and even the highest marks scored by students were put on the website before declaring the results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13324670", "title": "\u2018Professional opportunities can boost theatre\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The calm and affable face of Akash Khurana strikes a chord in the hearts of every Nagpurian. This writer, director, actor, theatre guru and a corporate honcho, who has earned his laurels in Mumbai, remains essentially a city guy.Thus he appears happy and content despite the simmering 45 degrees outside. \"My body takes it naturally, I have been brought up suffering the Nagpur heat,\" he smiles as he settles down to chat with TOI on the sidelines of a play presented by his production company AK various and directed by his son Akarsh.Brushing aside any concerns about the play, he waves a hand to say, \"I am back home just relaxing and savouring these moments. There are no stakes. It feels good to be like this for a change.\"Confident about the manner in which his son has evolved as a director, Akash says that it was more of self learning. \"He has grown up in an environment which has been conducive to learning about theatre. There has been no structure or formal education. School and college activities provided him with a platform and more recently he took it up on a commercial scale. I have only shared my knowledge with him with minimum intervention.\"Describing theatre as an almost primeval activity, Khurana, who has more than thirty years of stage and screen experience, says that its growth has been more about the growth in the number of people who watch it.\"Cinema is only hundred years old and television maybe just thirty, but theatre has been there for who knows how long. I would say that the increase in the number of youth and literates has reflected upon the quality of theatre. It enjoys a definitive place as a medium of expression and entertainment,\" says Khurana.Rueing the fact that theatre activity still remains in a nascent stage in two or three tier cities, Akash says that there is a flip logic to it. \"Unless professional opportunities increase in these cities, theatre will not thrive. People need to have something to sustain if they have to dabble in theatre.\"But he sounds sceptical about this too. \"Then also maybe the number of people doing theatre would increase. It would not bring any exponential growth in the numbers who watch the plays.\"Speaking of ways to push the theatre movement he says, \"People like me could set up a theatre repertory in smaller cities where it could be taught to people who think that they have the talent for this craft. That would call the bluff. It will help check the quality of the available talent. See, there is a difference between what we want to do and what we are good at doing.\"Commenting upon the quality of work that is being presented today, Khurana, a voracious reader, says that writers need to read a lot. \"I would like these young writers to pick up books and read. Creative ideas flow from different sources and for that we need to broaden our base. This can happen only to those who are well read.\" Terming contemporary happenings also as key elements for sustainable theatre model, Khurana says that it sure can hold a mirror to the society provided there are writers and directors who can weave stories around it.For his own production house, Khurana says that he is looking to provide entertainment which has dignity and is relevant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327608", "title": "Clear sky for next few days, predicts Met dept", "text": "LUCKNOW: There will be no relief from the scorching heat with the Met department indicating a further rise in temperatures in the days to come. The scorching heat forced the residents of Lucknow to remain indoors on Sunday, as mercury soared to 42 degree Celsius, which was two degrees up from what it was a day before. The state met department predicted a clear sky for the next few days amidst a possibility of a dust storm that may bring some respite to the people.Met director, JP Gupta said that the actual heat wave will come in play sometimes by June. \"The day time temperatures are still around normal or just above normal,\" he said. According to experts heat wave will occur when the day-time temperature go at least four degrees above.Allahabad recorded the highest temperature with the mercury soaring up to 44.6 degree Celsius. This was three degrees above normal. The city, however, had its minimum temperature at 26.6 degree, which was within the normal range. Fursatganj too recorded 43.0 degree Celsius, while Jhansi and Agra sizzled at 42.8 and 42.6 degree Celsius respectively.Significantly, minimum temperatures in parts of east UP were below normal. Gupta said that this was essentially because of a weather system over Bihar which lowered the minimum temperature. He said that the temperatures will begin to rise once the effect of the system fades out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13343688", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan shoots for Bengal TV campaign", "text": "At a time when both of them could do with the services of a spin doctor to tweak their image, Shah Rukh Khan and Mamata Banerjee have started work on giving Bengal the much needed image makeover.The diarist has learnt that SRK, who was recently anointed ambassador for Bengal, has already shot a part of a TV campaign in Mumbai with ad filmmaker Aniruddha RoyChowdhury. The other part of the 90-minute film will be shot all over Bengal, from the beaches of Digha to the tea estates of Darjeeling, the dense elephant forests of Dooars to the tiger country of Sunderbans. Incidentally, plans are afoot to make SRK wear the babumoshai attire of stylishly crinkled dhoti and kurta, or as they say in Kolkata, 'dhuti - panjabi.' Given the flair with which SRK juggled the ends of his dhoti and a bottle in Devdas, we are sure he will slip into this role with elan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13331745", "title": "It\u2019s a tummy full: Boon(e) of eating like a monster", "text": "BANGALORE: Are you having a hungry day and imagining a 2-kg juicy burger? Fantastic? Meet Dale Boone, a 'professional eater' from Georgia and World Champion for 12 years, who gulps down a two-kg burger , non-veg at that, in just 18.02 minutes flat.The \"Mouth of the South Boone\" had a cakewalk at the Monster Burger World Eating Championship organised by World League Of Competitive Eating (WLOCE) held at Herbs and Spice on Sunday.With nine rivals, Boone had little challenge. \"I started here (India) in 2009. I have done a lot of vegetarian contests. But this is the very first non-vegetarian contest. We always make it a point to eat from the menu of the restaurant and this burger is called 'World champion Dale Boone's burger' ,\" he said.Boone remembers his first eating contest where he polished off 3 kg of watermelon. Yet, he lost it as a 12-year-old kept beating him. The event was a precursor to a burger festival starting on Monday.Abhishek MB, 21, an intern at HAL and the current Indian champion, and Aakash Ravi, 21, student at MSRIT, were declared the second and third winners respectively.- Nayantara N &amp; Johanna Deeksha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13323146", "title": "Girl abducted from Patan traced to Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A four-year-old girl abducted by an unidentified girl from Patan eight days back was found by a team of Patan police from Majurgaam area near Geeta Mandir on Sunday. Police arrested four for the incident. Police said that two underage lovers wanted to earn for their marriage after selling the girl.Valiben Vanzara, a resident of Patan, had filed a complaint on May 12 about disappearance of her daughter Khushi from the bus stand. As per her complaint, Payal, a co-passenger, had taken Khushi when she got down at Patan for mobile recharge and had not returned. Police questioned nearby mobile recharge shops and in one of the shops found CCTV footage of the girl carrying Khushi.C N Hudda, inspector of Patan town police station, told TOI that they worked meticulously on the case and established that the girl must be in Ahmedabad. \"Bit by bit, we gathered information and also got the abductor's photograph from the CCTV footage. We then established her identity as Payal, 17, a native of Sanand and resident of Majurgaam. We then got whereabouts of Harish Parmar and his wife Kamla with whom Payal was living. We rounded up the trio and also found Khushi at their residence,\" said Hudda.Payal told cops that she and her boyfriend Mehul needed money to marry and decided to abduct Khushi. They planned to sell Khushi at Rs 50,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "trichy/chennai", "code": "13333674", "title": "Ram Vilas Paswan admonishes Sri Lanka over war crimes quota for Muslims, dalit Christians", "text": "TRICHY/CHENNAI: The Central government should provide reservations to Muslims and dalit Christians on a par with dalit Hindus, Ram Vilas Paswan , president of the Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) said here on Sunday.Paswan, who arrived in the city on Saturday to participate in the launch of 'Viduthalai Tamil Puligal Katchi', a political party which claims to be a movement in support of minority dalits, met media persons on Sunday. \"Prior to the country's independence, all the religions and castes were given reservations. After the enactment of the Indian constitution, only dalit Hindus were given reservation under Article 341. Later, the Central government included dalit Sikhs and dalit Buddhists under the reservation quota in 1956 and 1989, respectively. Likewise, the government should provide reservations to dalit Christian and Muslims,\" Paswan said.Moreover, he demanded reservation for dalit minorities and backward classes in the judiciary system. He also demanded that private concerns should provide reservation for dalits. Paswan further demanded the implementation of a special component plan and a separate budget for the welfare of dalits.On Anna Hazare's Jan Lokpal movement, he said that movement was nothing but an attempt to bypass the parliamentary system. If the leaders of Hazare's movement wanted to participate in the parliamentary proceedings, they may take part in the elections.When asked about his stand on the choice of presidential candidate, he categorically said that his party would support any person picked by the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance for this ceremonial post.Paswan also took strong exception to the Sri Lankan government and the island country's Prime Minister Mahinda Rajapaksa for their atrocities against Tamil people by committing genocide. \"He is responsible for the genocide and he should be tried at the international court for his war crimes. The armed forces should be withdrawn from Tamil dominated areas and the government should allow organisations such as the Red Cross Society to serve the affected people,\" Paswan added.Later, participating in a candlelight rally in Chennai on Sunday to express solidarity with the Lankan Tamils, Paswan said, \"People who follow Buddhism should not practice violence because Buddha stood for non-violence and our main demand is that a referendum should be conducted for Eelam Tamils in their areas.\"On capital punishment, Paswan stated, \"As far as capital punishment is concerned, our party is totally against it from the beginning and it should be the policy for everyone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13327843", "title": "US representative meets chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for rickshaw deal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two weeks after she failed to get an audience with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at the Janta Darbar, Joyous Jauer, the US representative of a Varanasi-based company providing cycle-rickshaws and vocational support to rickshaw drivers, was invited to the CM's residence on Saturday.On May 3, Jauer, a senior finance manager with SMV Wheel Private Ltd, had arrived in Lucknow with a proposal for the state government to liaise with her company, to sell cycle-rickshaws to drivers on a deferred-repayment model. Speaking to TOI, Jauer said, \"I was made to understand that both Akhilesh and his father made promises about helping the rickshaw drivers during their election campaign. If the state government could provide us with the working capital, our company has on-ground expertise and experience to help the administration execute the promises.\"Though Jauer was unable to meet the CM on the day of the Janta Darbar, after a brief meeting with him the next day, Jauer and her colleagues met Akhilesh and his team of government functionaries on May 19. She said, \"The chief minister has decided to set up a committee that will take up the cause of the rickshaw drivers in the state. He has assured us that we would be receiving an official letter inviting us to participate in the committee, once it is formed.\"Jauer also said that though the state government had received several proposals for supplying rickshaws, the CM said that he wants to make the best decision by allowing a participatory approach. \"What we offer is on- ground expertise in working with the rickshaw driving community, identifying technology, selecting recipients, and implementing the project,\" Jauer added.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had earlier said that the government wanted to start a scheme that targets the community of rickshaw drivers in Lucknow, Agra, and Varanasi. Following Saturday's meeting, a team of officials is also expected to schedule another meeting, tentatively, in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13323188", "title": "German Shepherd rescued, reunited with owners", "text": "MUMBAI: A 13-year-old ailing German Shepherd was rescued and given medical treatment by an NGO Animals Matter To Me (AMTM) in Juhu.The dog was named Jaan by the AMTM activists. The pet was later handed over to its original owners, who confirmed that the dog was theirs, by Juhu police.Jaan's owners call him Rock. The dog was recently spotted by some locals with a lot of maggot injuries and looked weak and confused. Juhu residents, Maloy Bhatt and Mitul Pradeep, contacted the AMTM regarding the dog,\" said Ganesh Nayak, animal welfare officer of AMTM.\"Inspector Srinivas Chede of Juhu police played an active role in reuniting the German Shepherd with its owners. He instructed them to take proper care of the animal and to get its medical check-up done regularly. Foreign breeds like this one cannot survive for long on the city streets,\" said Nayak.He also thanked the Juhu residents who promptly called up the AMTM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13330503", "title": "Police arrest 829 rowdies, ex-convicts", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested 829 people in a storming operation on Saturday in a bid to prevent any law and order problem in the city. Among arrested, include rowdies and ex-convicts.Police said that the main aim of the operation was to nab antisocial elements and those on the run from the law. A total of 151 people were arrested under the section 109 and 110 of the CrPC. Another 89 were arrested under non-bailable warrants. Police checked vehicles and booked 78 people for drunken driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13346297", "title": "Black money probe: Pranab Mukherjee tables White Paper in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Monday tabled a White Paper on black money in Parliament, providing information on black money parked abroad, as promised to the House during a debate on the Finance Bill last week.\"I will try to give all the relevant and possible information,\" Mukherjee had said in the Lok Sabha, while promising to bring the White Paper in the on-going Budget Session.The Opposition, led by the Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) has been accusing the government of going slow on the black money probe.However, there are indications that the White Paper might not carry all the information about the unaccounted for money lying overseas, as the government appointed expert committees are expected to submit their reports in July or August.\"In respect of estimates of black money, three institutions are studying it independently and they will give their reports at the end of an 18-month period, and that period is coming to a close around July or August,\" Mukherjee had said, while replying to the argument raised by senior BJP leader L K Advani the Lok Sabha last Tuesday.The White Paper, however, is likely to contain the report of an official committee, set up in May 2011, under the chairmanship of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13342931", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi remembered on death anniversary", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nation today paid homage to former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , who was killed in a suicide bomb attack on this day 21 years ago.President Pratibha Patil , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the departed leader's wife and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi went to the late leader's memorial 'Vir Bhumi' here and paid their respects.Rahul and Priyanka also paid floral tributes at the memorial of their father, who was assassinated on May 21, 1991 at Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu during a poll campaign.Vice President Hamid Ansari , Delhi Lt Governor Tejinder Khanna, Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit , Parliamentary Affairs Minister P K Bansal and Urban Development also paid homage to Gandhi. Priyanka's husband Robert Vadra was present on the occasion.School children waving national flags were also present at the memorial.A speech by the late prime minister, during which he talked about preserving the dignity of institutions, was played at the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13324010", "title": "Six held for extortion attempt", "text": "PUNE: Six youths were arrested by the Pune crime branch on Saturday for allegedly threatening a transport operator and demanding Rs 70,000 per month as extortion money for allowing him to ply his vehicles to ferry employees of various companies at the Rajiv Gandhi Infotech park in Hinjewadi.The suspects have been identified as Avinash Waghulkar (22), Santosh Vitkar (19), Kiran Shelke (20), Sandip Thakar (20), Pravin Kasale (20) and Dnyaneshwar Waghulkar (20) all from Maan in Mulshi taluka. An anti-extortion team of the Pune crime branch led by inspector Sachin Sawant laid a trap and nabbed the suspects from Maan on Saturday.The police suspect that there are around 40 to 50 people attached to the gang, which was involved in extorting money from transport operators and other contractors associated with IT companies at the IT park in Hinjewadi.Addressing a press conference, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said the complainant is from the Sangvi area. He plies 22 vehicles and has a contract to ferry employees of various companies at the IT park.\"On May 12, the complainant received a call on his cell phone from an unidentified person. The person said that he should either hand over his transport contract or else give 'hafta' (extortion money) to ply his vehicles in Hinjewadi,\" Shinde said.Initially, the complainant did not take the call seriously. But, on May 14, two unidentified persons pelted stones on one of his vehicles at Hinjewadi and broke its windows, prompting him to file a complaint at the Hinjewadi police station.\"On the same day, the complainant received another call and was threatened yet again. He was told to either surrender his contract or pay Rs 70,000 every month, otherwise windows of his other vehicles would be broken. This time the unidentified caller added that other contractors and operators at Hinjewadi already paid him extortion money,\" Shinde said.On May 16, the complainant received a call and was told to reach a chowk at the IT park with the money. Since he was scared, he went to the specified spot with some of his friends, but none of the suspects turned up.Shinde said that on May 17, the transport operator approached the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch and submitted a complaint application. Meanwhile, he received another call where he was threatened that since he had dared to get people with him when he had gone to pay the money, the window panes of his other vehicles would be broken as a result. He was also told to reach a specified place with the money on Saturday night.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said that on May 19, the transport operator lodged a complaint against the suspects. \"We registered a case with the Sangvi police station and laid a trap at Maan to nab the suspects.\"He said the six suspects were arrested when they arrived to collect the money late on Saturday night. \"Their accomplices seem to have gone underground.\" Investigations revealed the suspects had threatened and demanded money from another transport operator in Hinjewadi. \"We have received a complaint application from the other transport operator too,\" Shinde added.He said suspect Waghulkar, has a previous criminal record. \"We are checking with the Pune rural police about the others.\"The arrested youths were produced before the court on Sunday and remanded to police custody till May 25.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Santosh Subalkar, police constables Hrishikesh Mahalle, Anil Shinde, Mahadev Dimble, Baba Shirke, Dilip Kachi, Balasaheb Jarad, Ganesh Mali and Pandurang Wanjale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "13327224", "title": "Draw of lots decides fate of two candidates", "text": "MANDREM: Two candidates in Ibrampur-Hankhane panchayat and Virnoda panchayat in Pernem taluka had to be decided by draw of lots after the duo candidates polled equal votes against their rivals.Dasharath Dhondu Shinde was lucky as he won by draw of lots after he tied up with his rival Camilo Joseph Fernandes. Both candidates polled 75 votes each.Another candidate Taramati Rama Rao in Virnoda panchayat was also lucky as she polled equal votes against her rival candidate Rasika Rohidas Raul. Both candidates polled 161 votes each but after a draw of lots, luck favoured Taramati Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13333965", "title": "Power cuts add to misery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Unscheduled power cuts coupled with the continuing heat wave for the past few days have mounted woes on people in several parts of the state. Adding to the woes, the weathermen on Sunday forecast that heat wave conditions would continue in some parts of the state for at least five more days.Meanwhile, the state government has started taking measures to tackle power shortage.The sunstroke death toll confirmed by the state government went up to five on Sunday with addition of one more death from Boudh district. The government's confirmation of five sunstroke deaths came against receipt of 47 allegations of heat-related deaths from across the state.On Sunday, Bolangir recorded the day's highest 45.5 degree Celsius in the state followed by Titlagarh and Sonepur recording 45 degree Celsius each. The mercury hovered around 44 degree Celsius and above in Sambalpur (44.5), Hirakud (44.3) and Jharsuguda (44.0). Besides there were at least eight other places in western, interior and coastal pockets where mercury hovered over 40 degrees Celsius. They include Angul (43.5), Sundergarh (43.0), Bhawanipatna (42.2) and Keonjhar (42.2). Bhubaneswar recorded 41.6 degree Celsius while Cuttack experienced 40.4 degree Celsius.Director of local meteorological centre SC Sahu said, \"The heat wave condition, going by the satellite image, is likely to continue in some parts of the state for at least four to five more days.\"With situation turning worse due to power cuts, energy minister Atanu Sabyasachi Nayak held a meeting to find possible solutions. After the meeting, the minister told media persons that he had directed the distribution companies to take utmost care to avoid power cuts during daytime. \"We have been facing a shortage of about 500 mega watt during peak hours due to less generation of hydro power and that forced us to go for power cut. We have also taking steps to tide over the situation. But this problem would be overcome only after the arrival of monsoon,\" Nayak said.The minister said that he had sought the cooperation of private industries having captive generating units to provide surplus power to the state during the present crisis period by expanding their capacity utilization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13327864", "title": "Visa officer assault: Italian government may raise issue with external affairs ministry", "text": "KOLKATA: The Italian government is likely to take up the issue of the alleged assault on the visa officer in the Italian consulate in Kolkata, GP Paul, with the ministry of external affairs.On Friday night, Paul and his sons, Abhilash and Ayush, were reportedly attacked by some goons at the parking lot in front of the Dalhousie Institute (DI). Not only were their gold chains, iPods and wallets stolen, but they were severely beaten up, Paul alleged. Paul also accused a plainclothes policeman, inside the Karaya police station, of assaulting him and his sons when they went to lodge a complaint against the local goons in front of DI.Their gold chains, wallets, Ipods were snatched and were severely beaten up. Again they were assaulted by a policeman inside the Karaya police station when they went to lodge complaint.Paul has lodged complaints against both the policeman and the locals. He has also submitted the injury reports since he and his sons were seriously injured. The visa officer is now going to lodge a complaint with the State Human Rights Commission since he feels the police have started a 'fabricated' case against them for creating a ruckus inside the police station.Pauls have lodged complaint with the police about the attack by some local goons and also by a policeman. They have also submitted the injury report as Pauls were seriously injured. Even the spectacle of Ayush was broken when he was slapped by the policeman inside the thana. Now the Pauls are going to lodge a complaint with the state human rights commission, as the police have started a fabricated case against them for creating ruckus inside the thana.No police officer came to inquire about the incident, said Paul. He is doubtful if he would get back the stolen chains and wallets.Paul said that no police officer came to inquire about the incident. They are doubtful if their wallets and gold rings can be traced. Paul said that there was a diamond pendant in the gold chain of his son Abhilash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13334400", "title": "Tripura to upgrade silk handlooms", "text": "AGARTALA: To retain the brand value of Tripura silk, the state government has decided to upgrade hand-weaving looms and introduce power looms at state-runs manufacturing units.Industries and commerce minister Jitendra Choudhury on Sunday reiterated that the state government would go for value addition to silk cloth in a massive way considering its demand across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13323881", "title": "Liquor sales: Govt set to compete with private dealers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Giving in to hectic lobbying by private retailers, the government has veered off from its plan of controlling liquor sales in the state by deciding to only have a partial presence in the market. As a result, there would be a few government outlets along with private shops, as per the draft liquor policy that has been set before a cabinet sub-committee for deliberations.The cabinet sub-committee comprising the ministers of finance, home, civil supplies and excise as members and principal secretary as convener will meet on Monday to vet the draft policy prepared by the excise department before sending it for cabinet approval.The new liquor policy is slated to be in place from July 1, 2012 and sources said there would be a couple of government retail outlets in each district along with private shops.While formulating the new policy, the excise department was considering selling liquor through government outlets along the lines of what is the case in Tamil Nadu, but the department is understood to have changed the stance after private retailers prevailed upon it.\"There is vehement opposition to government taking over liquor sales. We have taken their concerns into consideration and the draft policy says there should be some government shops that would compete with private shops. This system would be self-policing and control the MRP violation by private dealers,\" said a senior official in the department of excise.He said a healthy completion between government outlets and private shops would ensure better consumer satisfaction.In a bid to curb irregularities in liquor sale, the new policy is likely to do away with auctioning to distribute licences which would be awarded through a draws of lots. The fee will be fixed based on the population of the area and previous turnover and would be one-sixth of the turnover of the shop.To curb the belt shop menace, the draft policy mulls allowing a new licensee to run a couple of additional shops by charging a nominal fee. The government is also planning to allow liquor consumption on the premises of wine shops which is not allowed as per the existing policy. Taking cue from the liquor policies in Tamil Nadu and Haryana, the government is planning to allow permit rooms, where liquor is served for consumption on wine shop premises, and regularizing belt shops.\"We are happy that many of our concerns are addressed in the draft policy and we hope there would not be any change in it when it is finalized,\" said Rayala Subba Rao, president of AP Wine Dealers' Association.Excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana Rao said the cabinet sub-committee would consider the concerns of all stakeholders while formulating the liquor policy. \"Efforts are on to bring in an effective policy that would take care of the issues dogging the system,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13325733", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation set to change water body into residential zone", "text": "PUNE: A site near Wakad which is shown as a water body in the development plan of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) is all set to be converted into a residential zone, with a proposal regarding this expected to come up for discussion at the general body meeting.While the proposal for land conversion would require a final approval from the state government, Shiv Sena corporator Shreerang Barne has charged that debris is being dumped into the water body so that the site is fast converted into a residential zone.At present, the water body site (at survey number 211) is almost dry. It is located a few metres before the Kalewadi phata chowk along the Aundh-Ravet road where the PCMC has proposed to construct a bus rapid transit route corridor.The site appears like an open land and is at a prime location in the fast developing area of Wakad, which was earlier with the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority. It was later transferred and brought under the development control of the PCMC. In the development plan, the site has been shown as a \"water body.\"Barne has sent a letter to the municipal commissioner saying that the water body site is being filled up with debris and mud. He said the water body site is a lake and is shown as such in records of pre-independence days. He said the site is being filled up so that it can be shown as plain land, allowing rapid construction of buildings thereafter.For conversion of the water body into a residential zone, the civic body had invited suggestions and objections from citizens, as per the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act 1966.The civic administration said that no suggestions or objections were received regarding the proposed land conversion. The proposal would be discussed at the general body meeting and sent for final approval to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13343770", "title": "We would carry the confidence into playoffs: Dwayne Smith", "text": "JAIPUR: Mumbai Indians batsman Dwayne Smith , who struck a match-winning half-century against Rajasthan Royals , said he did not expect the emphatic 10-wicket triumph that his team managed.\"We had not expected such an easy victory. I won't say that there bowling was bad but we batted very well,\" said Smith in the post-match press conference on Sunday.\"I had a very good partnership with Sachin (Tendulkar) and that helped us win so easily. I was just listening to Sachin and did what he said,\" said smith, who played a 58-ball 87-run unbeaten knock.\"This victory has certainly given us confidence and we will carry it into the playoff tie against Chennai Super Kings on May 23 in Bangalore,\" said the batsman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13329116", "title": "Earmark Rs 678 crore for Kumbh infrastructure: Tourism experts", "text": "NASHIK: In the backdrop of the forthcoming Simhastha Kumbh Mela in the year 2015, tourism experts have suggested that Rs 678 crore be set apart for the development, beautification and basic infrastructure needs of the district. They have also suggested Rs 124 crore be dedicated for the renovation of the Phalke Smarak.With the upcoming Simhastha Kumbh Mela on everyone's minds, work related to it is being given preference by a financially poor Nashik Municipal Corpration (NMC). An official of the NMC said that the tourism finance corporation of India has studied the river banks and Phalke Smarak very closely and has suggested the necessary work and renovation for the two.Pilgrims from all over the country will come to Nashik for the Simhastha Kumbh Mela. The work that has to be completed on a priority basis for the Kumbh Mela has been charted out by the corporation. Experts have suggested beautification, boating, electrification and other important work on the banks of the Godavari River, where maximum number of tourists are expected in the city during the Kumbh. For this, Rs 678 crore has been estimated as costs by the experts.Experts have also suggested renovation of the Dadasaheb Phalke Smarak at the foothills of the Pandavleni. Road work, laser shows, construction of theatres for three and four dimensional films have been suggested and an estimate of Rs 124 crore has been drawn. The municipal official said that suggestions for cleanliness, garbage collection, environment, health and many other things have been put forthe by the experts but the decision will be taken after proper discussions in the house.The officiating municipal commissioner had earlier stressed upon completing all the work related to the Simhastha Kumbh Mela on a priority basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328025", "title": "1,400 power cases settled in single day", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a special Lok Adalat at the Tis Hazari district court complex on Sunday, 1,400 cases of electricity theft were settled. The cases-totalling to Rs 3.5 crore-were decided in a single day.The Lok Adalat, organized by Delhi State Legal Services Authority, consisted of 15 benches headed by judges of district courts and dealt with electricity disputes, both pending and pre-litigative, mainly in connection with Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited (formerly known as NDPL). Over 1,500 cases were taken up, of which only 100 remained unsettled. Though notices were issued by Tata Power Delhi Distribution Limited, no files were asked for and the public could walk into the Lok Adalat for settlement of disputed bills.\"The cases have been settled finally and there would be no further appeals in the cases disposed of on Sunday. This is the third such Lok Adalat that the DLSA has organized in respect of electricity matters, previous ones being at Karkardooma and Saket Court,\" DLSA said. \"The Lok Adalat has again proven itself to be a beneficial Alternate Dispute Resolution Mechanism, giving relief to consumers in terms of time and money, while addressing the need to reduce pendency and accumulation of litigious matters in the court,\" said the presiding officer, DLSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "panaji/ponda", "code": "13327269", "title": "Curti Khandepar out of Ponda development authority: Gazette", "text": "Panaji/Ponda: The state government has finally declared the planning area, which largely comprises the jurisdiction of Ponda municipal council, for the reconstituted Ponda planning and development authority (PDA).The detailed plan of the Ponda PDA has been notified in the official gazette on Thursday and the proposal of including Curti-Khandepar village within its jurisdiction stands scrapped.The Ponda PDA had been reconstituted in November 2011, but after the villagers opposed the inclusion of their area, the MGP and BJP made it an election issue, assuring that if voted to power, both parties would ensure scrapping of the proposal.The villagers were not happy about the inclusion, stating that green areas may be lost for construction of multi-storeyed buildings and housing projects due to the possibility of increasing the floor area ratio.The matter was kept in abeyance and after the BJP-led government took over the reins of power, the inclusion of Curti-Khandepar was dropped from the agenda. But the residents of Ponda suffered a setback as their development files were kept pending for several months due to the indecision.The North Goa and South Goa PDAs were reconstituted more than a month back, but the Ponda body was kept in limbo, raising protests from citizens about the delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13347239", "title": "Kareena will always be my first choice: Shabina Khan", "text": "Designer-turned-producer Shabina Khan says that Kareena Kapoor will always be her first choice for the films she would be producing. Kareena appears in a song in Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha starrer Rowdy Rathore, co-produced by Shabina.\"I wanted her to be a part of my first film for emotional reasons. She is my close friend. Obviously I wanted her to be a part of my first film but she had three-four films with her. I wanted to start my film, so if she could not be a part of the film then I thought she can be a part of the song,\" Shabina told PTI.\"I would definitely offer her every film, it is up to her whether to do it or not. Our friendship does not mean she has to do every film that I offer to her. If she likes the script I am sure she will do it.\"Rowdy Rathore, jointly produced by Sanjay Leela Bhansali and Shabina, is set to release on June 1. \"As Sanjay and I have a great rapport I went to him with this project and it all happened. We both always wanted to make movies together. I have assisted him in Black and made costumes for many of his films. While we were discussing about movies, this film came up and that is how things fell into place,\" Shabina said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328123", "title": "Green walkways to dot ITO", "text": "NEW DELHI: Negotiating heavy traffic to reach ITO from the Pragati Maidan Metro station could soon be a thing of the past. To provide better connectivity to pedestrians and commuters, Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC) plans to connect the Pragati Maidan Metro station and Mahatma Gandhi Marg to Indraprastha Marg or the ITO intersection.The plan, part of the larger ITO development project being undertaken by DSIIDC, will also involve redevelopment of the nullah behind Vikas Bhawan into a public area with a green and safe landscape.Chetan Sanghi, CMD of DSIIDC, said, \"The corporation will undertake the renovation of four buildings in ITO-Vikas Bhawan, the DTC building, and the soon to be decommissioned Indraprastha and Rajghat power plants. Since we are redeveloping all these buildings, we proposed a road and pedestrian connectivity plan for the ITO area. The plan has been approved by the LG.\" Phase I of the redevelopment plan will involve renovation of Vikas Bhawan, specifically the Punarvas Bhawan, and the DTC building. The connectivity between the Pragati Maidan Metro station and Vikas Bhawan will be part of Phase I. \"Work on Phase I should start by the year-end,\" added Sanghi.At present, about 20,000 commuters use the Pragati Maidan Metro station. However, connectivity to ITO remains a problem as the pedestrian footpaths are uneven and the massive flow of traffic at the Mandi House and ITO intersections makes walking a nightmare. DSIIDC proposes to connect the Metro station, which is only 500m away from Vikas Bhawan, directly to the pathway in front of Vikas Bhawan through an elevated walkway or foot-overbridge. The road in front of Vikas Bhawan will also be relaid.Renovation of the DTC building will involve redevelopment and upgrade of the drain behind Vikas Bhawan that runs along the ICCR building, and afterwards, goes towards the side road in front of DTC. \"The entire area will be transformed into an urban landscape, with public seating, wider pathways, lighting and greenery, so that it can be a bustling public area even after office hours,\" said a DSIIDC official.The second phase of the project will involve the development of the Rajghat and IP power plants into cultural centres with a road network that provides link to the Yamuna riverfront. The new network will also enable movement of non-motorized vehicles. This network will stretch from the Rajghat plant to the IP plant on Mahatma Gandhi Road; the existing rail line will also be converted into a rail line for commuters shuttling between the two locations. A \"rail park\" will also be constructed in this phase.Road connectivity will also be provided to Ferozeshah Kotla from the Rajghat power plant. The entire project is expected to take a few years, says Sanghi. \"We hope to get approval from various agencies soon, so that the work starts within eight months. DSIIDC will fund the project,\" said Sanghi. The ITO development plan could change the face of the area, said the DSIIDC chief. \"The plan will not only offer cultural centres but also enhanced parking space for buses and clusters, which is a sore point with the government at present,\" says Sanghi. It could also be a revival of the chaotic office area that ITO has turned into, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13333961", "title": "CPM vows to fight for Vittala judicially, politically", "text": "MANGALORE: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat on Sunday met Vittala Malekudiya, a student of mass communication and journalism in Mangalore University, and his father Linganna at the district jail. The meeting that lasted nearly 20 minutes saw Karat expressing solidarity with them. Vittala and his father are in judicial custody for allegedly supporting Naxalites . They were arrested on March 3 under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.MB Rajesh, the CPM MP from Palakkad, had raised the issue of Vittala's arrest in the ongoing session of Parliament and Karat's visit was a follow up to that. Karat told reporters after the meeting that he deemed it fit to come and see actually why they were arrested. \"The charge that call Vittala a Maoist and other allegations such as sedition and waging war against the state are totally absurd,\" he added.Karat said that the party would do everything possible to challenge the allegations legally. \"We will move the (local) court, the HC and the Supreme Court if necessary. Vittala's morale is high. I have assured Vittala that the party will make all out efforts to see to it that he and his father are released unconditionally,\" he added.The party would deal with the issue politically as well, Prakash said. A delegation of party MPs including Bajuban Riyan, the deputy leader of CPM in the Lok Sabha, Pulin Baskey, an MP from West Bengal and Brinda Karat, a politburo member and others would meet CM DV Sadananda Gowda in Bangalore on May 28, he added.It was MB Rajesh who took the case of Vittala, the first student from the Malekudiya tribe to take up post-graduation, to the national stage.He visited Vittala's village in Kuthlur on a fact-finding mission and subsequently raised the issue in Parliament. Prominent thinkers and activists including GK Govinda Rao met Vittala in the jail after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13325827", "title": "Centre sleeps over green signal for coastal roads", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre has not taken any steps to accord environmental clearance to the coastal road plan, touted to be a replacement to the sea link plan between Worli and Nariman Point.The state's committee on coastal roads had recommended a combination of coastal roads on reclaimed land and stilts between Malad and Nariman Point, including the Worli-Haji Ali stretch. But it excluded stretches that have mangrove patches and agreed to build roads on stilts.The committee, led by the then civic chief Subodh Kumar, had also suggested amendments in ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) regulations, to allow coastal land reclamation by considering Mumbai's transport needs.Many transport experts felt costly sea links should not be built as they will force people to pay high tolls every day for periods of up to 60 years. They supported the coastal road plan, as according to them, it would reduce construction cost and help control the toll amount.As per the Environment Act, coastal stretches cannot be reclaimed if they have mangrove patches or a fishing zone. It is mandatory to build coastal roads on stilts in mangrove and eco-sensitive zones. However, construction of coastal roads on stilts will cost as much as the sea link and hence the state recommended a combination of reclaimed land and roads on stilts.An MSRDC official said there was no sign of permission for coastal roads from the Centre, which translates into continuing problems for traffic in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13327527", "title": "Sufi music turns stress-buster for businessmen", "text": "LUDHIANA: The traders of Chaura Bazar and their families enjoyed an evening soaked in Sufi music on Friday.Sanjeev Chaudhary, a Haibowal resident and one of the organizers, said the businessmen of the market had planned the musical retreat to get the blessings of Peer Baba Lakh Data. Lucky Sai, an ardent follower of Laddi Shah, came to bless the believers on this occasion.Listeners swayed with their eyes closed to the Sufi songs like \"Main Tan Sai Da Gulama\" and \"Sai Sadi Gali Ayeena\". Jaspal Singh Bunty, a Model Town resident, said, a??a??I was lost in the music and swayed on it along with others. A lavish dinner was arranged for all the people who attended the function.Krishan Lal Khurana, another Haibowal resident, said more such functions should be organized as the Sufi music relieves people from all sort of stress.\"The peace of mind I gained here will keep me calm and peaceful for a long time,\" said Vishvanath Sethi, a resident of Haibowal, who attended the evening with friends and family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13333037", "title": "Modi flags off luxury bus service to UP", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , on Sunday, opened the much-awaited luxury bus service covering Buddhist circuit in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.Flagging off an air-conditioned 55-seater Mercedes-Benz bus from Patna to Gorakhpur via Vaishali, Kesariya and Kushinagar, Modi said similar bus services, covering various other Buddhist circuits, would be started soon. \"With the launch of this bus service, we have fulfilled the promise we made to the people of Kesariya,\" he said.In the second phase, two luxury buses would start from Patna to Raxaul, Motihari and Muzaffarpur and back. Buses would also ply from Patna to Varanasi and Sarnath and back and from Patna to Siliguri and back.In the later phase, these luxury buses would also cover places like Rajgir, Bodh Gaya, Hajipur, Muzaffarpur, Bettiah, Lauria Nandan Garh, Valmiki Nagar, Darbhanga, Madhubani, Sitamarhi, Begusarai (Kawar Jheel), Jainagar, Kishanganj, Sasaram, Bhagalpur and Kolkata.The Mercedes-Benz bus is running on a public-private-partnership (PPP) mode by Hyderabad based company - Girish Infrastructure Private Limited - and Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC). It would start at 7.30am everyday from Patna and reach Gorakhpur at 1.30pm. On its return journey, it would leave Gorakhpur at 3.30pm to reach Patna by 10.30pm.The fare of the bus from Patna to Gorakhpur is Rs 450. Commuters would be supplied drinking water in the bus that has reclining seats, with LCD screen and music system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13322287", "title": "3 drown in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons were drowned while swimming in two separate incidents in the city on Sunday. According to police, Vinay,12, of Subhashnagar and his uncle Satyanrayana, of Khairatabad were drowned in a lake located at Foxnagar in Petbasheerabad while swimming.Police said that Satyanarayana came to his sister Nalini's house and the mishap occurred when he took his nephews Vishal and Vinay to a nearby lake for swimming. While Vishal was sitting on the bund, Vinay and Satyanrayana went for a swim and got drowned.In another incident, Sudheer Reddy (25) drowned in Jalpalli lake at Pahadishareef. The victim was resident of Uppuguda. Police fished out the body and shifted it to Osmania Hospital for a postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13327206", "title": "Striking farmers begin indefinite fast at Sariska", "text": "ALWAR: As the agitation by farmers at Sariska Tiger Reserve entered the fifth day on Sunday, at least 13 of them have sat on an indefinite fast to put pressure on the state government to meet their demands. The farmers under the banner of Bharatiya Kisan Union are demanding refurbishing of Sariska road and basic facilities in the villages. At least 50 villages in and around Sariska are participating in the agitation.The agitation has hit the tiger tourism as farmers are not allowing tourists to enter the reserve. They have threatened not to give up the agitation unless their demands are met.Yudhvir Singh, national general secretary of BKU said, \"Thirteen farmers have sat on indefinite fast at the reserve gates from Sunday\".The farmers are demanding lifting of ban on registration of land in 164 villages in the area that was imposed in 1987 and announcing forest road leading to Sariska as national highway.\"The government did not fulfill its promises which it had made to the farmers earlier. They made the national highway, a lifeline for all the villages in the area, as forest road. This time we will not make any agreement with the government unless they accept our demands,\" he added.These farmers had staged a sit-in in March for almost a week. They claimed that they had reached a compromise on six points with the district administration and forest department. However, the administration is not considering it, they alleged.They said that the administration had promised to meet their demand. However, the officials are now pretending to be helpless citing some Supreme Court orders. The farmers' protest in March had hit the hotels as they received mails and calls from tourists cancelling their trips. Angry villagers had even blocked the entrance to prominent hotels by placing piles of wood and stones.Sariska's field director RS Shekhawat said the main entrance to Sariska Tiger Reserve has been blocked by the villagers and efforts are on to reach a compromise with them. The farmers on Sunday threatened not to allow entry of even forest officers in the reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13332982", "title": "Man beheads mother for shouting at him", "text": "PATNA: In a shocking incident, a 35-year-old man allegedly beheaded his sexagenarian mother at Ramdaschak village under the Akilpur police station area on the outskirts of Patna on Saturday night.Police said Master Rai was quarrelling with his neighbour around 10pm when his mother Radhika Devi intervened and shouted at him to stop the fight. This infuriated Master who lifted a spade lying nearby and allegedly attacked her. Master then tried to escape and also allegedly attacked Sanjay Rai, Jiteshwar Mahto and Sitaram Rai who came in his way. They were injured and admitted to Patna Medical College &amp; Hospital.However, Master's father Mahesh Rai on Sunday lodged an FIR against seven persons, including Sanjay and Sitaram, accusing them of murdering his wife. He alleged he had a land dispute with Sitaram who along with his associates trespassed into his house and killed his wife.According to Danapur subdivisional police officer Anil Kumar , Master, who is a deranged man, has been arrested. Akilpur police station SHO B Paswan said villagers told police Master killed his mother. He was not replying to the queries of interrogators and instead kept shouting in the police station.It may be recalled two sisters Gudia Kumari (18) and Soni Kumari (15) were shot dead while their sister Poonam sustained serious injuries when unidentified criminals opened fire at them when they were sleeping on the rooftop of their house at Kolhar village under the Fatuha police station area in Patna district in the wee hours of May 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13321812", "title": "\u2018Prasad\u2019s investments in Jagan companies unlawful\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: In damning evidence against industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad and Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, a former company secretary of Prasad's companies has told the CBI that the investments made in the Jagan companies by his employer were irregular and violative of the laws.Puttaparthi Jagannatham, formerly company secretary of Alpha Group and Vanpic group of companies, both floated by Nimmagadda Prasad, said this in his deposition before the CBI and the magistrate that was recorded recently. Jagannatham is now a practicing advocate in the AP high court.\"During the year 2008 to 2011, I prepared minutes for the above companies basing upon the inputs given by the concerned companies. I never attended any of the board meetings or shareholders meetings conducted by the companies; therefore I have no knowledge about the financial, administrative decisions of the companies. Beta Avenue Pvt Ltd, one of the companies in Prasad's Alpha group, had invested Rs 20 crore in Jagan's Carmel Asia Holdings Pvt Ltd and another company by name Beta Avenues had invested more than Rs 70 crore in Jagathi Publications Pvt Ltd. The Memorandum and Articles of Association of the above said companies do not support such decisions to invest in other companies. The investments made in other companies are contrary to law and the rules of these Prasad companies,\" Jagannatham said in his statement.Further, the former company secretary of Prasad said: \"In the month of January 2008, Nimmagadda asked me to prepare the documents for incorporation of one company by name Matrix Enport Holdings Pvt Ltd which was subsequently changed as Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd. Accordingly, I prepared documents for incorporation of company by name Matrix for carrying out certain related activities.\"Through Jagannatham's deposition, it emerges that the name of Ras Al Khaimah (RAK), a UAE emirate that was shown to have partnered with the Andhra Pradesh government for the controversial Vanpic deal, was abused more to achieve certain selfish designs of Nimmagadda Prasad who later emerged as the key promoter of the Vanpic project by sidelining both the states of AP and RAK. In fact, according to sources, such a provision to sideline RAK was allegedly provided in the memorandum of understanding (MoU) the RAK had entered into with the state of A P under the YSR regime.Jagannatham claimed that it was he who played an instrumental role in floating the RAK companies - RAK Vision Ltd and RAK Infra Holdings. \"It was I who obtained PAN cards for these companies from the income tax department and sent them to their registered offices in Mauritius following which their registration process was completed,\" he said.According to him, these companies were not originally formed as Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) for implementing any specific projects.\"In the month of July 2010, Maruthi Nagendra, auditor of both Alpha and Vanpic group companies, had conveyed to me Nimmagadda Prasad's request that I act as the authorized signatory for opening of PAN card and operation of Demat account for Rak Vision, Rak Infra Holdings and Lemonstone Holdings, all having their registered offices in Mauritius,\" Jagannatham said in his statement.After he procured the PAN number and got Demat accounts opened for these companies at Axis Bank , Banjara Hills branch, Jagannatham said he did not receive any further instructions from these companies.\"Thereafter, I never received any instructions from the above companies nor did I act as an authorized signatory. The investments made by the Vanpic Projects Pvt Ltd in other companies were in excess of the authorized capital and reserve of the company,\" Jagannatham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13323730", "title": "IPL cost bookie his bungalow", "text": "MUMBAI: A bookie close to gangster Chhota Shakeel had to forgo his Versova bungalow after he lost around Rs 9 crore in betting on cricket, the police said.Devendra Kothari, who was arrested on Wednesday and is now in police custody, had borrowed Rs 9 crore from another bookie known only as Mittal by mortgaging his 2,000 sq ft bungalow. Kothari lost the money betting heavily in the IPL and hence, was unable to repay the amount. \"Kothari told us that after he lost, Mittal forcibly took over possession (of the bungalow). We will now be calling Mittal,\" said an officer.Kothari, who has been arrested for the second time in the last five years, has reportedly provided information on other bookies operating in the country. The police are now looking for over 24 bookies who accepted bets on IPL matches. These include Tinkoo from Delhi, Kiran from Ahmedabad, P K from Delhi, Sunil Abhichandani alias Sunil Dubai, Arun Shivre, Pintu Adarsh, Amit Popat, Rajesh Dahisar, Rakesh Vast, Yuvraj alias Ashok Royal, Kanti Fataka, Trimurthi alias Narayan, Arvind Dahisar and Surya Bombay.Sources said most of the bookies are not traceable. \"You can say that the betting racket has almost stopped since the last four days,\" the officer said.The police are also investigating hawala operators who helped bookies send money illegally across the border. \"Kothari has disclosed names of six hawala operators through whom he used to send money to one Subhedar in Pakistan.Sources believe that Subhedar is a Shakeel henchman who is supervising the entire betting racket spread across Afghanistan , Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and other Asian countries.On Saturday, police arrested Kothari's key man Mohammed Feroz Farid Ansari alias Todki (38), once a close confidante of slain underworld Shakeel aide, Zahid Mir alias Chhote Miya. In Mumbai, Ansari handled the business. \"If anybody defaulted, it was Ansari's responsibility to recover the money,\" the officer said.The police have recovered seven SIM cards from Ansari, which he allegedly used to received calls made by Subhedar from Pakistan and other countries. \"It is surprising that central agencies failed to intercept these calls,\" an officer said.The police are also questioning Kothari over his claims that he allegedly paid a Sri Lankan player a sum of Rs 10 crore for fixing a match a few years ago. On Wednesday, the crime branch had raided Kothari's flat in Lokhandwala, Kandivli, and arrested six persons, including Kothari and bookie Sonu Jalan. Kothari is also said to have paid Rs 1 crore to an IPS officer last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13342700", "title": "Will Nikita be the sex siren?", "text": "Nikita Thukural of Kurumbu fame is likely to don as the sex siren Silk Smitha in the Tamil remake of Dirty Picture.Vidya Balan's role in the Dirty Picture was much acclaimed and gave her many awards and credits for her performance. With the movie being remade in Tamil the makers were trying to rope in Nayantara who is now making a comeback after her break up with Prabhu Deva.But, sources reveal that Nayantara quoted a whopping sum for her role in the movie and this has made the producers to step back. The amount seems to be the highest ever for a South Indian actress.With the deal being unfavourable the makers are now on a hunt for the leading lady in Silk Smitha's role. It is widely believed that Nikita Thukural is being considered for the role. However, let's wait untill things get finalized.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13328592", "title": "Govt against trial of foreign sex workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has asked all states to start deportation proceedings against any foreigner involved in prostitution if the woman is a victim of human trafficking rather than prosecuting her in a court.In an advisory to all states, the home ministry said if after investigation, the woman or the child is found to be a victim, she should not be prosecuted under the Foreigners Act and immediate steps should be taken for her repatriation to her country of origin.The move comes after many girls from Ukraine, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and even European countries were arrested in high-profile raids in Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore recently. There were allegations that these girls travelled to India on tourist visas and were involved in flesh trade to cater to high-end clients.The latest Home Ministry directive said if the probe reveals that the woman did not come to India or did not indulge in crime out of her free will, the state should not file a chargesheet under the Foreigners Act and other relevant laws and steps should be taken to withdraw the case from prosecution so far as the victim is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13323782", "title": "Developing nations side with BASIC in climate talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the small island countries and the least developed states veering towards the European line on climate change, the larger developing economies came together with African countries, binding around the BASIC four - India, China, South Africa and Brazil - to demand that principles of equity and 'common but differentiated responsibility' be operationalised in the post-2020 climate regime.The minor economies of small islands and the least developed countries do not foresee any emission reduction targets imposed on them even if the firewall between developed and developing countries break down and have found it in their advantage to go along with the EU position.But developing countries like Malaysia, Argentina, Thailand and Venezuela, along with traditional oil economies like UAE have bundled their cards with the big four emerging economies of the BASIC grouping realizing that they would be the first ones to bear an unfair burden of emission reduction once the firewall is blow away in the new regime under discussion.At the Bonn talks where the roadmap for the year ahead is being thrashed out, 24 key developing economies, the African countries and the BASIC all sided to demand that the key question of equity be resolved even as the EU and the US found their own ways to oppose the principle being turned into an actual formula for burden sharing in the post-2020 regime.Developed countries as well as large civil society coalitions from the North attempted to pit equity against ambition - suggesting that implementing the principle of equity where every country bares a just amount of responsibility for reducing emissions would reduce the overall ambition levels of emission targets. Developed countries tried to inject the word 'fair' instead of 'just' and 'equitable' in the talks to reduce their responsibility arising of historic emissions.The US, on the other hand, pushed that the talks did not permit equitable share to all countries over the atmosphere neither did the existing convention apportion responsibilities on countries based on historic emissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13326077", "title": "Alwar administration to discuss migration of labourers with Haryana officials", "text": "ALWAR: To prevent movement of labourers for illegal mining from border areas of Haryana, the district collector and the superintendent of police will soon go to Nuh district there and hold a meeting with their counterparts. They will discuss ways to raise awareness among the labourers in Haryana, so that they don't come to Alwar for illegal mining.\"Most of the labourers working in illegal mines are from Haryana. They are generally ignorant labourers who are brought to Alwar to carry out explosions in the mines and transportation of the products due to lack of work in their area,\" said SP, Alwar, Umesh Dutta.If this supply of labourers from Haryana is stopped, it is possible to check illegal mining to a great extent.Sources said that these labourers have to work under extreme inhuman conditions. \"They are paid very little for serious work like carrying out blasts, taking heavy stones out of the mines and then transporting them to nearby areas,\" said a police officer. Generally, there is no limit of working hours.He added that health condition of most of these labourers is pathetic. \"As these labourers don't work at legal mines, safety norms are not followed,\" said the officer.As per the records tabled in the assembly recently, 40 people have lost their lives due to illegal mining in Alwar region in three years. \"Most of these people were labourers. Some were buried alive in cave-in incidents, many others were run over by the vehicles being used to transport mining products,\" said the officer.The SP said that programmes were being chalked out to raise awareness among these labourers. \"We will discuss what steps should be taken so that these labourers don't come to Alwar for working in illegal mines,\" said Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13326935", "title": "Terror footsteps in Indore", "text": "INDORE: As the nation and world gets together to celebrate \"Anti-Terrorism Day\" on Monday, the commercial capital of the state Indore and Malwa region is fast gaining notoriety for the involvement of several people in terror related acts. Some of the accused in the Samjhauta express blast, Malegaon blast and Mecca blast in Hyderabad have their roots in Malwa.The presence of alleged SIMI activists and their training programme in the region had brought Indore into national limelight. The National Investigation Agency (NIA) probing some of the blast cases are convinced about the involvement of some of the accused who acted or provided key support to the terror acts, even as some of them led relatively obscure life here. Moreover, no incident of terror has been reported from the region in the recent past.The city, NIA believes played a crucial role in some of the high profile blasts in the country and has emerged as a centre that planned and executed some of the terror acts associated with saffron terror. These terror acts had killed more than 100 people while left about 300 critically injured, were allegedly planned in the city.The name of Indore city came to fore following the missing of Ramji Kalsangra and Sunil Joshi alleged to be associated with the Samjhauta express blasts. The NIA team had arrested Kamal Chauhan, a close aide of Kalsangra from his residence earlier in February this year. It was followed by several visits by the NIA sleuths as part of the blast probe.One of the accused Lokesh Sharma has reportedly confessed to the investigation agencies that all the bombs used allegedly by the saffron outfits were assembled and stored at a rented house in Bengali Chauraha locality in the city. The house was rented to one Amit Chauhan.The NIA also claimed that the bombs were manufactured in the city and were taken to Delhi by Indore Intercity Express. This was about the bombs which were planted in the Samjhauta Express.NIA chargesheet has named many people, who either belong to Indore or have stayed in the city, including Sandeep Dange, Ramji and Lokesh Sharma and others under the leadership of Sunil Joshi were instrumental in not only procuring raw materials for improvised explosive devise (IED), but also getting them assembled and planted in the target.Above all, a not so known place Bagli in Dewas district, came under scanner as the accused were allegedly imparted training in arms.Terror imprintsBagli, a small sleepy town, about 70 km away from Indore, came to the limelight after the arrest of Kamal Chauhan in connection with the Samjhauta Express bomb blast. Chauhan reportedly had informed NIA officials that he was trained there.Following his revelation, the ToI visited the place in February this year and met the uncle of the late Sunil Joshi, Madanlal Joshi, who owns a house in Bagli.According to Madanlal, Sunil was a frequent visitor to the town and that too with many unidentified persons.Madanlal said that investigation agencies visited the place many times and also interrogated his family members. Madanlal later refused to divulge anything more fearing problem for his family.Terror actsSamjhauta Express blast (February 18, 2007) - 68 people killedAjmer Sharif Blast (October 11, 2007) - 3 killed and 15 injuredMecca Masjid Blast- (May 18, 2007) - 9 persons were killed in blast and five died when police opened fire to quell the mob that erupted in anger.Malegaon blast - (September 8, 2006) - 37 dead, over 100 hurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13333662", "title": "Chelsea: Dour, dogged and revelling in it", "text": "You would have thought that with all his millions, Roman Abramovich would have bought flair. Instead, he chose to purchase doggedness. Teams that punched above their weight were those of modest means but secretly harbouring sky-high ambitions, not Chelsea with all their money and talent. Despite the riches, they have perfected that art of playing the underdog. Instead of flamboyance, they understood it'd work better if it was turned to look like they were a team with a huge chip on their shoulder. It is a fantastic bluff that they pull on unsuspecting opponents, who were probably conned into believing there was a football match here to play. For the purist, it can be unbearable to watch, for someone who places the result over everything else, it can be fascinating and satisfying.Chelsea are masters of the stifle in modern-day football today, and like the unfolding events against Bayern Munich showed, they use it well to win. Spoilt as we are by the flamboyance of other rich teams - Real Madrid's galacticos and the warring Manchester cousins - you would find it hard to understand how a team with so much at their disposal would choose dourness and be so comfortable in that skin. But it works for them, so why complain?You could say that the Premiership side may have been helped by the Germans' lack of moral courage to wrest away a final victory, but the manner of Chelsea's triumph proved the high noon of their tenacity. On a purely technical level, the final was a near copy of the two Chelsea had played ahead of the final - the dual-legged semifinal against Barcelona. Here Bayern employed a similar high pressing game, the wingers playing as high up as Barca had continued to do almost as an oversight. In that sense then, Chelsea were only playing what they had been doing all month in Europe, and in such familiar circumstances, they wouldn't discard their dourness for anything in the world.On another level, as they soaked in move after Bayern move - ones which got more erratic as the contest trundled into the final quarter - you could almost see Run Lola Run-like possibilities emerging. As the time-frames rapidly lapsed, there suddenly existed a series of possible endings - you could almost pick and choose any one. The hour stretched, so did the game and as Bayern grew exasperated with the lack of a contest put up by their rivals, you got a sense of the fact that while the Germans had not accounted for life after 90 minutes, Chelsea held all the possibilities within their grip.The more you stretch a duel, the more parity is infused into it, and Chelsea were making Bayern painfully aware of this. Bayern's over-the-top celebration to Thomas Mueller's goal with over eight minutes left in the game was testimony to the fact. It was more relief than rejoicing, but they probably lost the game that very minute.Most important teams give a sign of having completed their cycle when they fade away, suddenly falling in the wake of an approaching challenger who's younger, fitter and hungrier. Rare is the occasion when a cycle comes to an end with victory. Just short of a decade of trying, and with more or less the same nucleus of the side that first set out to achieve it, against Bayern, Chelsea finally achieved that completion. There could be a new Chelsea tomorrow, and no fake chip on the shoulder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13334283", "title": "Nabam Tuki seeks European Union help for funds flow", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has sought the European Union's support to facilitate flow of funds to the state from World Bank (WB) and Asian Development Bank (ADB).Both the international financial institutions are already funding all NE states except Arunachal Pradesh.Highlighting the huge potential of Arunachal to the visiting ambassadors from eight European countries here on Saturday, Tuki said that though the state had submitted proposals for development funds as desired by the Centre, WB and ADB, they were rejected due to the objection of the Chinese government, official sources informed today.\"Arunachal, with an annual budget of around Rs 3,000 crore, has to fully depend on New Delhi for funding from external agencies,\" Tuki said.Impressed by the rich cultural mosaic and natural beauty of the state, Poland ambassador Pitor Klodkowski said, \"This is a tremendous learning experience that has opened our eyes to Arunachal's potential,\" he said, while lauding the brief PowerPoint presentation on the state's investment potential by planning secretary Ankur Garg.The EU ambassadorial delegation headed by Joao Cravinho Borislav, including Kirilov Kostov of Bulgaria, Miloslav Statsek of the Czech Republic, Terhi Hakala of Finland, Dr Janos Terenyi of Hungary, Piotr Klodkowski of Poland, Marian Tomasik of the Slovak Republic and Cord Mier-Klodt of Germany, arrived here on May 16 last. tnnResponding to a question from Cravinho, Tuki informed that the proposed 1,554 Trans-Arunachal Highway, Tasigaon-Bhutan road, the historic Stillwell road and the ongoing renovation of airports at Pasighat, Tezu and Ziro would improve the communication of the state.\"We are seeking direct fixed winged air service from Kolkata to those airports,\" Tuki disclosed.Staesk informed that the Czech Republic had developed a 21-seater fixed aircraft (L410 developed by LelKunovice), which was brought by India in 2010, besides the new MI-17 chopper.He expressed willingness for collaborative projects in developing airports, gold courses, spas, hydropower (as a Czech company has commissioned one in Assam ) and mining (it's company based at Kolkata). Efforts are being made for collaborative projects in various fields with Mizroam as well, Staesk informed.The Czech Republic would host the India Show during September 10-15 next for 200 Indian companies to showcase their potential in energy technology, machine and tools where an Arunachal representative would be invited, he disclosed, while adding that he would visit the NE again in October.Responding to Tuki's plea for public-private-partnership (PPP) mode in priority sectors, Meier-Klodt hinted at collaborative projects in education and energy sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "13329813", "title": "Brahm\u2019s web spreads with \u2018Pyaar\u2019", "text": "PAU: With his first song 'Dil' receiving a good response from listeners on the video sharing website YouTube, Brahm Benipal, 17, is ready to upload his second song 'Pyaar' too. The budding singer believes video sharing platforms like YouTube are a boon for the emerging artists like him, who can't afford the expense involved in releasing albums and broadcasting on TV channels.''I had uploaded the first song in January this year and the video has got over 25,000 hits so far. I hope even the second song gets a similar or better response from listeners,'' says Brahm. He says singing has been his passion since he was a kid and he has won many competitions at his school as well.Brahm got in touch with a music director, a video director and a lyricist in 2011 when he decided to upload his song on YouTube. The debut video was shot in Ludhiana and Chandigarh and cost Brahm about Rs 1 lakh.''Even the video for 'Pyaar' is shot in Ludhiana and is in post-production now. The online medium provides a direct feedback and interaction to an artist from his listeners,'' says Brahm, adding, ''I would upload a few more songs on YouTube before I release my album.''He used to learn music from Gurjant Janti in his hometown, Khanna in Ludhiana until last year. Brahm stays with his father D S Benipal now, a professor at Punjab Agricultural University and mother Harjeet Kaur, a government teacher. ''My parents support my interest and want me to be a renowned singer in Punjab some day,'' says Brahm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-21"}
