{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16306937", "title": "Now, Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited entitled to borrow power worth Rs 3,000 crore", "text": "VARANASI: The limit of Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) to borrow power has been increased to Rs 3,000 crore from Rs 1,500 crore.During the annual general meeting of PVVNL on Friday, approval was given for increasing the authorized capital of PVVNL from Rs 500 crore to Rs 5,000 crore.PVVNL general manager (accounts and audit) Sudhanshu Dwivedi said that the company's authorized capital was Rs 500 crore and paid-up capital Rs 460 crore.He said that the board of directors had already approved it during August 13 meeting. On Friday, the AGM was convened to give final approval for increasing the authorized capital. The annual audit report of 2011-12 could not be tabled as it was incomplete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303721", "title": "Train teachers, says Times Foundation", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the second day of Delhi University's academic congress on Friday, the deliberations moved away from the rhetoric of the opening sessions and spirituality to a tangible issue - interface between school and university education.The session was chaired by the former director of NCERT, Prof A K Sharma. CEO of Times Foundation Sanjiv Kaura, CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi and member, education, of UNESCO , India, Dr Shyama Chona, took part in the panel discussion.Joshi spoke on CBSE's innovate initiative of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation while Chona suggested that admissions in higher education be based on performance in four classes - from IX to XII.Kaura, in his presentation, stressed on the urgent need for teacher education and how a teacher should be defined by what the Mahatma Gandhi-appointed Zakir Husain committee of 1937 had said - one who integrates world of work with world of knowledge. He added that value education should be an integral part of teacher training. \"For an effective follow-up of conference recommendations, may I on behalf of our chairman propose that a small working group be set up and start work immediately. We may start with a small step, but start we must so that over a period of two years some change will be visible,\" said Kaura.One of other highlights of the day was chief selector of the Indian cricket team Krishnamachari Srikkanth's speech on mind, body and soul. While welcoming the initiative of the university to give credit to sports and other extra-curricular activities without a student losing out on attendance, he called upon the university to take corrective measures to encourage sportspersons and artists and compensate them for the attendance lost due to training. \"But a balanced policy has to be made to see that fakes don't take advantage of this,\" he cautioned.Commenting on the broader theme of the conference, the former Indian captain said: \"If a guy like me can score 74% in electrical engineering, we definitely have to redefine education. I am 52 today and it's all because of God and cricket that I am what I am today. Cricket taught me everything. The whole idea of mind-body-soul is to create positive energy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16305277", "title": "Judicial magistrate rejects Verna cops' lie detector demand for Afzal Khan", "text": "VASCO: Afzal Khan, who was arrested on suspicion of having links with terrorist groups, has been remanded to five days police custody. He was produced before Vasco's judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) on Friday evening. Khan was asked by the Judge whether he would consent to a lie detector test.Though the documents produced by Verna police said that Khan had given his consent for the test, Khan refused. As the accused was not ready for the test, the demand for the test was rejected by JMFC. Khan was asked about his working background, after which he informed the Court that he worked in Gujarat, Allahabad and Rajasthan before coming to Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305436", "title": "\u2018BJP wasted lot of public money in disruptions\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday attacked BJP for wasting lakhs of taxpayers' money by disrupting Parliament. \"Lakhs of rupees of taxpayers' money has been spent on everyday in the stalled procedure of Parliament, which has not been accounted for,\" minister of state for planning Ashwini Kumar said.Dismissing as \"constitutionally perverse\" BJP's demand for the resignation of the Prime Minister, Kumar accused the party of causing \"incalculable damage\" to institutional pillars of democracy by disabling Parliament. \"The principal opposition party insulted people's intelligence by raising outrageous demands,\" Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305025", "title": "Principal humiliates teachers in public", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two days after the National Inter College felicitated its teachers on the occasion of Teachers Day, it was ridicule, insult and humiliation for the teachers at the hands of the college principal Uma Shankar Singh. Teachers were not only ridiculed by the principal, but also referred to as a \"blot\" for their fault of turning up late for the day. While this was still tolerable, what agitated teachers to the hilt was the fact that principal asked the students to applaud his \"objectionable\" comments. All this happened in full view of the morning assembly.As a result, what followed were unruly scenes on the college campus. Not only the teachers took offence of the principal's comments and gheraoed the principal forcing him on the back foot, students too got involved and started stone-pelting. The tension was defused only after the police was called to control the situation.It all began in the morning assembly, right after the prayer session was over and gathering stood for the National Anthem. As soon as the students were asked to stand-at-ease, principal of the college Uma Shankar Singh got hold of the mike and started addressing the teachers who were seen entering the college gate as a \"blot\". He announced on the mike, \"Yeh hain kalank number ek...taali baja kar inka swagat kijiye (here comes the blot on the college...welcome him).\"This left the teachers stunned, as they did not know what led the principal to make such comments. The teachers said that while the college starts at 8 am, they can drop in by 8.20 a.m. \"By that standard teachers who were coming late were not even behind schedule,\" said one of the teachers. However, principal went on. As he repeated his comments loud and clear, teachers, who had become a butt of joke among the students clapping at every comment of the principal, lost the cool. Two of them allegedly also had a scuffle with the principal.The teachers said that even if they had broken the rule, principal should not have ridiculed them in full public view. The principal should have individually called each one of the latecomers and sought an explanation, said RP Singh , lecturer at the college.Teachers ghearoed the principal after which the principal apologised and assembly went on its usual course of national anthem and students went to their classrooms. However, things were not settled here. The agitation of the teachers affected the students as well. It is slightly unclear what provoked the students as one of them hurled a stone which hit the window pane of the National Degree College, which is adjacent to the building of inter college.The authorities at the degree college informed the police. By that time classes in inter college were suspended and the students had gathered outside the college blocking traffic on the road. Though no complaint was lodged in the incident, police had to use the mild force to disperse the crowd of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305143", "title": "Cops want to put crorepati in care home", "text": "MUMBAI: The Goregaon police have been trying to convince septuagenarian Ishwari Jethwani to move to an old age home, after they found her lying unwell in a bed covered with insects in her flat on Thursday. Jethwani has been living alone and hasn't hired any help despite having a bank balance of more than a crore. The police got her treated at the civic-run Siddharth Hospital and also got her flat cleaned.Jethwani, 73, and her family had moved to India from Pakistan after the partition. She used to work as a dairy superintendant at Worli and did not get married. \"Three of her siblings used to stay with her and they all took care of each other. But after her siblings' deaths, Jethwani stopped trusting anyone. When we inspected her house at the New Piramal Nagar society, we found Rs 7.2 lakh in cash, Rs 72 lakh in her bank account, nine gold bangles, a gold chain and national savings certificates worth Rs 2.87 lakh. There are several share certificates as well, which we are yet to assess,\" said Arun Jadhav, senior inspector of Goregaon police station.After being discharged from the Siddharth Hospital on Thursday, the cops escorted Jethwani back to her home. \"She hasn't taken a bath in a long time. Her belongings were strewn around and the place was emitting a foul odour, when we examined it on being summoned by neighbours. As her power bill hadn't been paid, the electricity supply had been cut off,\" an official said. \"We told Jethwani that she would be better cared off at the Malwani old age home. We also advised her to deposit all her savings in the bank and access it whenever she needs it.\"On Friday, the police, who have been keeping an eye on the senior citizen, took her for a medical check up. \"I loved my siblings and we were very happy together. None of us got married. I really miss them a lot don't have faith in anyone since their deaths,\" she said. Her white hair was uncombed and shabby and a cloth bandage covering a wound on her arm. \"I don't want to go to any old age home. Till 12 years ago, my relatives used to visit me over the weekend. I haven't spoken to anyone in a really long time so why I talk now? I have no one to call my own and everyone is only behind my money,\" she cried.Despite her money, Jethwani has been living a secluded living, rarely interacting with her neighbours except for the security guard who brings her vada pav to eat. She also visits a local temple sometimes and asks for meals, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304905", "title": "HC grants bail to two accused in statue vandalism", "text": "LUCKNOW: HC grants bail to two accused in state vandalism: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has granted bail to Alok Srivastava and Vishal Mishra, who had been booked in connection with vandalism of statue of former chief minister Mayawati. Justice Shabihul Hasnain said that under the facts and circumstances, the accused are entitled for bail. The 2 had pleaded that they had managed the press conference from which other accused announced about the incident and they had nothing to do with the statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308555", "title": "'Dark Knight' director suing agents over movie commission", "text": "'Dark Knight' director Christopher Nolan and his wife Emma Thomas have filed a lawsuit against their former and current agency, claiming that both are demanding millions in commissions.Nolan and his wife have sued current agency WME as it claimed profits from movies that were initially shepherded by his previous agency CAA, TMZ reported.On the other hand their current agency CAA is still claiming it's owed money on the same projects.In accordance with the lawsuit, they are willing to pay the current agency their money, but they await the court's decision as to who gets the money so they don't pay one agency and get sued by the other.Nolan's agent signed on with WME, as he was fired from CAA earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16305229", "title": "Garhwa residents fund beautification project", "text": "GARHWA: Residents of Kandi block in Garhwa district have taken an initiative and developed a long-ignored spot in the area into a beautiful tourist centre and a place of pilgrimage spending Rs 40 lakh from their own pockets. Residents of more than 90 villages in the block have contributed to the development and beautification of Satbahni which had been lying neglected for several years. However, the government did not contribute a single penny for the beautification project.Priyaranjan Sinha, a local resident said, for the past eight years, Kandi block residents had been requesting the state tourism department to develop Satbahini into a tourist spot. The block administration has also sent a report to the district administration for development of Satbahini as a tourist centre. Since then the project file has been gathering dust in the tourism department office, sources said.Disappointed with the state tourism department's indifference, villagers took the task in their own hands and collected Rs 40 lakh by public contribution. They constructed Surya Temple, Bhagwati Temple and Shiv Temple at the Satbahini. They also constructed an approach road that connects Bhagwati Temple to Surya Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306487", "title": "Businessman\u2019s wife, 68, murdered in Ghatkopar", "text": "MUMBAI: A 68-year-old woman was found murdered in her fourth-floor flat at Ghatkopar (East) on Friday night. The victim Daksha Daftari's husband Satish (69), a businessman, found her body lying in a pool of blood when he returned from work at around 7.30 pm. The senior citizen's throat and both wrists were found slit in her flat at Sri Krishna building near Pushpak Hotel at Garodia Nagar.The Pant Nagar police suspect that Daftari was killed by her domestic help, and robbery was the motive behind the murder. Satish manages a dairy product manufacturing business in Ghatkopar and leaves for work in the morning.In the complaint, Satish said, \"I got home at around 7.30 pm and knocked on the door. When my wife did not respond, I used my keys to enter the flat. On entering, I noticed my wife lying in a pool of blood on the floor. Her throat and both her wrists had been slit.\" Satish immediately called his neighbours and the police.Crime Branch officials said that the couple had hired a woman to give a massage to the victim in the afternoons. \"The woman, appointed 20 days ago, is also a suspect. However, the couple did not follow the basic safety requirement of collecting the antecedents and photographs of domestic help at the time of appointment. There are no details or whereabouts of the woman, who was not registered with the local police,\" said the officials.According to the police, at the time of the incident the watchman had gone to the rear of the building. At the time of going to press, the police were estimating the valuables and cash stolen from the flat. Sniffer dogs were brought to the spot to track down the murderer. The investigators said they were surprised that Daftari's neighbours did not hear any commotion from her flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16306992", "title": "Man killed, wife and children missing", "text": "VARANASI: Sundar Lal (38), an auto driver, was stabbed to death in a field about 200 metres away from his house in Salarpur, under Sarnath police area, on Thursday night.Passers-by noticed the body of Sundar lying in a field. The assailants had killed him mercilessly. His eyes and ears were missing. Injury marks were also found on several parts of the body. Police reached the spot and sent the body for postmortem.Sundar, a permanent native of Lalpur, lived in his partially constructed house in Salarpur with wife Ruby, two children and mother-in-law. After the incident, Ruby, her mother and children were missing. Despite repeated efforts police could not contact them. It was suspected that Sundar was murdered over illicit relationship.Theft: Cash and valuables worth over Rs 1.5 lakh were stolen from the house of Niraj Jetly in Trilochan Mahadeo locality. Adampur police said that on Thursday night, thieves broke into his house, broke open the shelves and boxes to steal cash and ornaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305173", "title": "Dump mining on, CM aware of it: Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress on Friday alleged that the transportation of ore from dumps is under way in the state and that chief minister Manohar Parrikar is well aware of this.The party further stated that it would appeal to the Union government to stop the activity and to conduct an environment impact study on dump-handling.Speaking to reporters, party spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu said, \"Transportation from dumps is right now going on and needs to be stopped. This (activity) is going on with the full knowledge of the chief minister.\"Pointing to Parrikar's continuous face-off with the Centre on the state's draft mining policy, Deshprabhu said the policy is aimed at legalizing something that is already happening on the sly.He claimed the face-off is an attempt to divert the central environment ministry's attention from the illegalities under way under the chief minister's patronage.Parrikar is in touch with those people who want to steal 720 million tonnes of iron ore which has been dumped for the last 35 years, Deshprabhu alleged.He said the party would write to the Centre that, if necessary, all mining royalty should be diverted to a central government treasury's dedicated account in a nationalized bank, rather than be given to the state government, and the same monies could be adjusted later under 'balance payment' in the planning commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305499", "title": "Sons\u2019 firm got block on merit: Ex-minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: RJD MP P C Gupta has defended the allocation of a coal block to a company owned by his sons through the screening committee procedure when he was the corporate affairs minister in UPA-I.\"The allocation was done purely on merit, and I had nothing to do with it,\" Gupta said even as BJP pounced upon the disclosure to call it an evidence of crony capitalism under UPA. Gupta said his sons, Gaurav and Mayur, applied for the coal block for their sponge iron and power project in 2005 but \"did not get the blocks because the project was at an initial stage\". He said the allocation was completed in June 2009, a month after I had ceased to be a member of the Union Cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16306770", "title": "Engineering student held for stealing mobile", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested an engineering student for stealing a mobile handset from a showroom in Thoraipakkam. Jai Sankar, a student of a private engineering college near Kelambakkam, went to the showroom and concealed a handset while checking out its features. He left the shop when the salesperson was attending to other customers. The showroom officials noticed it while checking CCTV footage. Police later arrested the student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16305871", "title": "Sushanta's brother held in skeleton case", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Former CPM minister and Garbeta MLA crother Prasanta was arrested from a Puri hotel on Friday. He was among the 58 persons chargesheeted in the Garbeta skeleton case.Prasanta had gone into hiding ever since the human skeletons were dug out of a field near the Ghoshs' house at Benechapra village in Garbeta on June 4 last year. The state CID had informed Odisha Police about Prasanta. On locating him, the cops of the neighbouring state informed them and a team led by DSP (CID) Purnashib Mukherjee set out for Puri. Prasanta will be brought to Midnapore on transit remand. tnnThe charges against Prasanta are similar to the ones against Sushanta and the other accused. These include murder, removing the victims' bodies and destroying evidence under the IPC. Prasanta was also charged under the Arms Act after a cartridge was found in his section the Ghosh family's house.The complaint was lodged at Garbeta's Anandapur police station on June 6 last year by Shyamal Acharya, son of Ajoy Acharya, who was among the five Trinamool Congress workers who had gone missing from Piyasala village in Garbeta on September 22, 2002. Sushanta was arrested on August 11, 2011.On November 21, a Midnapore court issued an arrest warrant against Prasanta and 39 others named as absconders in the chargesheet. Two other accused were nabbed after that, taking the number of arrested to 21. Of them, Sushanta and six others are out on bail.Prasanta being an absconder, police had raided the Benachapra house he shares with Sushanta and seized furniture and other property from his section of the premises. A hotel Prasanta owns in Digha and a liquor shop he ran in Chandrakona were sealed by the CID.The CID also questioned Prasanta's family, including his cousin's wife, nephew and mother Mrinmoyee in the Benachapra house. None gave CID sleuths his whereabouts, telling them that Prasanta lived with his wife and son in Midnapore town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309195", "title": "Jack of all trades, Jisshu shows what it takes to master them too", "text": "Tags don't sit easy on Jisshu Sengupta's shoulders. Jatra hero, an industry also-ran, Rituparno Ghosh's blue-eyed boy... but every time you try and slot him, Jisshu breaks the mould.As he's just done in Rituparno's Chitraganda (produced by Shree Venkatesh Films), where his turn as a bisexual junkie has won accolades all around. As Jisshu basks in the glow, we got him talking about Tollywood, his careergraph, achievements, not getting his due, family and fatherhood. Here's Jisshu \u2014 straight from the heart.Quiet, skilled, dependable \u2014 but never one to steal the limelight. Is Jisshu Sengupta the VVS Laxman of Tollywood? (Laughs) Is it so? Let my directors answer this question. There was a time when I wanted to be the hero, but after The Last Lear (2007), acting became more important. Not being a hero. Earlier, I would accept any offer that came my way, but after this film the script and the role started mattering to me. I began exploring the characters, going deep into them. The film gave me a chance to work with Mr Amitabh Bachchan and I realized that at the end of the day the only thing that mattered was your performance. I have learnt the technicalities of acting from Debangshu Sengupta (director of the megaserial Mahaprabhu) and the nuances of acting from my mentor Rituparno Ghosh. I don't know if I am VVS Laxman, but I want to be an actor who is a hero \u2014and not a hero who can act.When we got in touch for this interview, you kept saying, \"Why me? There are so many superstars around.\" There seems to be a lot of pain inside... Not really... I feel that apart from Prosenjit Chatterjee and me, no one in this industry has explored acting on so many platforms \u2014 films, jatra, theatre, television... we've done it all. As an actor, I am satisfied. But yes , Tollywood hasn't given me my due. Haranath Chakraborty called me after watching Chitrangada and said, \"Tollywood toke kichhu dilo na Jisshu.\" Srijit Mukerji told me: \"Tollywood needs you. Characters should be created keeping you in mind.\" But I have no regrets, as I've worked with top directors like Goutam Ghose, Rituparno Ghosh, Shyam Benegal and commercially successful directors like Milan Bhowmick, Swapan Saha, Haranath Chakraborty and Anup Sengupta. I've played Bipasha Basu's boyfriend in Sob Choritro Kalponik, Tabu's fiance in Abar Aranye, Ileana D'Cruz's husband in Barfi!. What else can one ask for?Jisshu is known as a good boy who's not aggressive. Does that work as a hindrance in the industry? Well, I am aggressive when it comes to acting, but that's within me. I can't go to producers and directors and ask them to cast me. My PR is very bad and I believe my work should speak for me. But it seems today that PR is very important for an actor, though I'm yet to learn that trick.The Last Lear, Noukadubi, Sob Choritro Kalponik, Abohoman, Chitrangada... we keep seeing you in Rituparno's films. You're also part of his next, which is based on the Tagore family. Is he your godfather? I don't have a godfather in the industry, or else I could have gone a long way. Rituda is my mentor. I have learnt loads from him and owe him a lot. And it's not true that I am in all of Rituda's films. But he casts me in his projects if he feels I can do justice to a role. Yes, I am part of Rituda's next along with Koel, Raima and Indraneil.Why don't other directors cast you? What do I do if they don't cast me? Only Rituda and Atanu Ghosh take me in their films. I see myself as a good dancer, who can fight pretty well, is good at romancing heroines, has a nice comic timing and is not ugly to look at \u2014 still commercial directors don't cast me. It's my destiny I guess. If all goes well, my company will produce a commercial film where I will flaunt six-pack abs!You got the taste of stardom very early in your career with Mahaprabhu. But after that, Jisshu somehow got lost in the crowd... Yes, it's true. I entered the industry with Mahaprabhu and instantly became a hit with the audience. Except for those two-three years, I've never experienced such stardom... people going berserk on seeing you. Then, I lost it (laughs)... sustaining stardom is very important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16304151", "title": "One arrested in Gondmohadi tiger poaching case", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officials have finally made a breakthrough in the sensational poaching case of two tigers at Gondmohadi in Palasgaon range. On Thursday night, a poacher was arrested from Madnapur village in Chimur tehsil and a steel jaw trap seized from his possession.A semi adult tiger was killed and another full grown tiger was seriously injured after they were caught in the jaw traps laid by poachers in the jungle near Gondmohadi village on April 26. Earlier, poaching of two tigers at the same spot had stirred the entire forest department. Investigators had concluded involvement of Baheliya poachers with some local help in this case. Over a dozen people from the area were interrogated but the forest department had failed to make any progress.The breakthrough came when forest officers of Palasgaon range raided residences of Tanoji Hanvate and Motiram Dadmal from Devri in Chimur tehsil for tiger poaching on September 3. However, the officers found wire snares they had laid on the boundary of their farms for poaching herbivore. The duo was arrested and remanded to magisterial custody. During interrogation, Hanvate gave information about another poacher Shriram Atram, 48, of Madnapur active in the area.Accordingly, forest officers raided Atram's residence on Thursday evening and arrested him. They were shocked when they recovered a jaw trap from him which is similar to one used for poaching tigers at Gondmohadi. \"It is defunct but similar to those used in the Gondmohadi tiger poaching. Atram has been booked in Gondmohadi tiger poaching case,\" said DCF, Chandrapur division, P Kalyan Kumar.Madnapur village is located only four kms from Gondmohadi. Previous investigations had established that the Baheliya poachers had some local help to track the location and movement of tigers in the area.Recovery of the jaw trap has made Atram prime suspect in the tiger poaching case. Moreover, Atram has also reportedly confessed of poaching herbivores in the area in the past. Other two accused Hanvate and Dadmal, who are already in magisterial custody, have not been charged with tiger poaching. If Hanvate and Dadmal's connection surfaces with tiger poaching during course of investigations, they will be charged and arrested afresh, forest officials claimed.On Friday afternoon, Atram was produced before the court that remanded him to forest custody for three days. He would be interrogated for his role in tiger poaching, his connection with Baheliya poachers, his movement on the day of poaching and how he came in possession of the jaw trap. Forest officers are hopeful of getting further clues from Atram in the Gondmohadi poaching case and names of other local poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16306586", "title": "No breakdown worries", "text": "LUDHIANA: If your car breaks down in the middle of a road at midnight, don't panic. Just call 1073.The traffic police have launched a 24x7 facility, which will provide mechanics, cabs, ambulance and recovery vans on dialing 1073.In charge of traffic department inspector Beant Juneja said, \"Three mechanics have agreed to keep their workshops open round-the-clock. We also contacted recovery van owners... they too are willing to cooperate. We have tied up with a cab service company, which has given us a list of their drivers.\"Elaborating on the service, he said, \"If a resident asks for a cab, then our operator will contact a cab driver and send him to the person in need. The cab will charge only one-way fare. And as not many know about the state's ambulance helpline number 108, we will also provide the facility.\"The department is making all efforts to create awareness about the drive. Advertisements will be put up at the city's entry points, so that along with residents, people coming from other cities know about it.Ludhianvis have given a thumbs-up to the facility. Rajinder Singh of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar said, \"It's a great initiative. Many a time, we want a mechanic, a cab or an ambulance when we are stuck on a road.\"Tapin Malhotra of Model Town said, \"The traffic police have started a good drive. It will be of great use. But at the same time, it is important that they ensure the number does not remain busy all the time and help comes on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304088", "title": "Glitches to the fore in anti-hijack drill", "text": "NAGPUR: The joint anti-hijacking exercise of the city police and airport's security agencies on Thursday ended on an ambiguous note with certain bizarre lacunae showing up. Though city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay justified the situation, some incidents left behind questions about the seriousness of the drill conducted at the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International airport.Among the commandos of the Quick Response Team (QRT), which rushed after the Air Traffic Control (ATC) alerted about the so-called hi-jacking of an international flight, it was noticed that one jawan was armed with ancient .303 rifle. Thankfully, others had sophisticated firearms like MP5 and AK-47s. Sources from the QRT said musket rifles are used by the commandos to tackle routine law and order. \"When not dealing with sabotage attack, QRT falls back on these rifles for maintaining peace. The firearms are not outdated as far as the unit is concerned,\" they said. But a hijack emergency hardly seemed like routine law and order situation.Another surprising element was when one of the QRT jeeps was stopped from entering the airport by the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) guards when the drill was at the height and the commandos were supposed to gun down the hijackers and regain control of the plane. CISF jawans, entrusted with the security of the airport, stood guarding one of the gates through which a QRT jeep wanted to pass through to the plane with the armed commandos waiting to jump into action.In the anti-climax, QRT jeep was turned away by CISF jawans. The jeep gradually rolled to one side and halted. The jeep remained at the spot without any command to re-direct it through another section or with a fresh assignment. Had this been real life hijacking , the fate of hostages could well be imagined.CP Dhanvijay, also chairman of the airport security and head of the anti-hijacking committee, said CISF had its own QRT which could take on such situations. \"It was very much part of the plan for our QRT team to stop the jeep at the gate and allow CISF deal with the situation inside. The move was well orchestrated and very much as per plan,\" he said. He couldn't explain why, if this were the case, the jeep wanted to enter the airport. The CP also added that whenever there is a need, he has the option of calling his unit's vehicles inside but it would be driven by circumstances.A source in the QRT claimed the CISF had engaged them in drills within the premises too in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16310383", "title": "Intel's India-born former MD deserves leniency: US prosecutors", "text": "NEW YORK: Intel Corp's former India-born managing director Rajiv Goel deserves leniency as he provided \"substantial assistance\" as a key government witness in Raj Rajaratnam's insider trading trial that helped convict the hedge fund founder, Manhattan Attorney Preet Bharara has said.Goel, 54, was arrested with Rajaratnam in October 2009 and had pleaded guilty in 2010 to conspiracy and securities fraud. He faces up to 25 years in prison when he is sentenced on September 12 by US District Judge Barbara Jones.Recommending a lenient sentence for Goel, Bharara said in a letter to Jones that Goel, \"a highly significant witness ... substantially helped the government secure a conviction in one of the most significant and high-profile insider trading trials in history.\"Mumbai-born Goel had met Rajaratnam in 1983 at the Wharton Business School where he was studying business administration and the two grew close over the years.Goel had served as managing director in Intel?s treasury department and had provided confidential information to Rajaratnam about the company, including its earnings and a billion dollar transaction in 2008.Rajaratnam made over two million dollars in illegal profits based on the tips.Goel had told prosecutors he repeatedly sought financial assistance from Rajaratnam, who loaned him USD 100,000 to buy a home in 2005 and another USD 500,000 the next year for his ailing father.The prosecutors said despite Goel's \"long-standing, close friendship\" with Rajaratnam and his family, he never hesitated to provide complete information to the government about his illegal tips to Rajaratnam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305510", "title": "Gutka worth 8 lakh seized", "text": "PUNE: Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials seized gutka worth over Rs 8 lakh which was being illegally sold in Khed taluka in Pune district late on Friday evening.\"Police were informed about the illegal sale of gutka in Khed taluka, following which our officials went there and seized the stock. The total stock seized is worth Rs 8 to 10 lakh,\" said Shashikant Kekare, joint commissioner (food), FDA, Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305302", "title": "Chavan's kin was allotted flat in '88", "text": "MUMBAI: Vinod Sharma, brother-in-law of former chief minister Ashok Chavan , was allotted a flat in Andheri Lokhandwala under the CM's 10% discretionary quota in 1988, it was revealed before the Adarsh judicial commission on Friday. Chavan's father S B Chavan was chief minister till June 1988.Sharma's wife Seema, mother Bhagwati Sharma and uncle Madanlal Sharma were all allotted flats in Adarsh.According to the rules, if a person himself, his spouse or a dependent family member owns a flat in Mumbai or has been allotted apartments by the government, he or she is not eligible for a flat in Adarsh.Seema had earlier admitted that she had not mentioned her husband's flat while applying for membership in Adarsh. \"I cannot say why my wife has not mentioned in her application that I own a flat,\" said Sharma to senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission. \"The (Lokhandwala) flat was purchased by me in 1988 out of the 10% discretionary quota of the chief minister,\" said Sharma and added the flat was vacant till it was sold in 2007 as he was staying with his family in the apartment allotted to his father in Walkeshwar.Sharma also admitted to inaccuracies in the affidavit filed by his mother, late Bhagwati Sharma, when she applied for a flat in Adarsh. Bhagwati had claimed that neither she nor her family had obtained any plot or flat from the government.In her application, Bhagwati had also claimed that she farmed her land at Nanded and was even issued an income certificate in 2009 by the Tehsildar. Sharma said his mother's statements were not correct.\"My mother did not own any land at Nanded. My mother had no income. I do not know how my mother obtained (the income certificate).\" Sharma said his mother had got a loan of around Rs 65 lakh from Malav Shah, son of businessman Jayant Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308853", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012 at Axis Mall", "text": "The auditions for Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012, at Axis Mall, commenced with beautiful girls and handsome boys from different colleges showcasing their talent.It was evident that the ladies wanted to win badly as they knew that two of them would get a chance to become the face of Clean &amp; Clear. The introduction round saw loads of enthusiastic candidates. \"Appearance, talent and personality, combined, is what we are looking for,\" said emcee Sidhu, as the contest got off to a rocking start.Zara Nach Ke Dikha: When Soujanya Dutta from St Xavier's College, who looked chic in a white top and denims, danced to Chikni chameli , the audience couldn't stop clapping. \"It is no mean feat to dance inside a mall, in front of hundreds of people. Hats off,\" said Sidhu. Kiran Balmiki from Jaipuria College too danced to Bollywood tracks played by DJ Ayonesh. The Winning Moment: The tall and pretty Diti Saha from Jogomaya Devi College showed off some mean moves on item numbers. Her latkas and jhatkas made her the winner among the girls while Simantini Ganguly from Asutosh College was declared the first runner-up. Kankanika Chakraborty from Rani Birla Girls' College sang a melodious song and was declared the second runner-up. Among the boys, it was Mithil Jain from Bhawanipore College who clinched the winner's title for his cool dance moves. Prosun Chatterjee from Heritage Institute Of Technology mesmerized everyone singing Teri deewani and was quick to be adjudged the first runner-up while the second runnerup was Avinab Kr Saha, who danced on hip hop numbers. To know more about the event, log on toitimes.com/freshface today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16306248", "title": "HC stays order in tubectomy case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday stayed an order passed by the Permanent Lok Adalat (PLA), Jhansi, whereby it had held guilty doctors of negligence in sterilization.The PLA had directed the state government and the treating doctors to pay compensation of Rs 1 lakh to a woman who gave birth to a child after tubectomy.Justice Dilip Gupta passed the order on a writ petition on behalf of the state government through the doctors of Jhansi district. The writ petition of the state was argued by the standing counsel who contended that the child was born not because of doctor's negligence but because of the fault of the woman who intentionally did not disclose the fact that she was pregnant.It was also argued by the state counsel that when women receive knowledge of pregnancy, she has two options, either to go to doctor to terminate the pregnancy or opt for a child.Since the respondent (woman) did not go to a doctor for termination of pregnancy and opted to have the child, doctors can't be held guilty of negligence.The court issued notice to the woman, Sunita Devi, of Khajraha, Jhansi district, and stayed the order dated January 10, 2012, passed by the PLA till next date of the listing of the writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305000", "title": "Whiff of another foodgrain scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over 138,000 metric tonnes of wheat and rice bought by the state government have gone missing from the state godowns, raising the spectre of another foodgrain scam in UP. The missing stock was reported from seven districts over the past 60 days. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is already probing the Rs 200,000-crore foodgrain scam in the state that took place between 2002 and 2010.The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has already raised the issue, demanding a CBI probe into the purchase process and the transfer of stock from the Pradeshik Cooperative Federation (PCF) godowns to those of the Food Corporation of India (FCI). The government in turn is pointing fingers at the former Mayawati government, blaming it for the missing rice as the present government has yet to buy any rice.Minister for food and civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh (Raja Bhaiyya) said the government has purchased only wheat so far. \"The first rice purchase is yet to take off. Whatever stocks of rice that have been reported missing, were purchased by the BSP government itself,\" he said. \"In Allahabad, some 13,000 metric tonnes of foodgrain (wheat and rice) worth an estimated Rs 3 crore were said to have gone missing. Out of this 13,000 metric tonnes were rice and only 37 metric tonnes were wheat. This in no way means that we are not serious about the missing stock, but the quantum of purchased wheat is a small fraction of what the opposition parties have been citing.\"\"I myself am looking into the entire issue. In all the cases, investigation and inquiries are under way at different levels. The commissioner Gorakhpur division has been asked to inquire and lodge FIRs on complaints from Gorakhpur and Maharajganj districts. Similarly, the matter is being handled in Sitapur and Allahabad divisions as well,\" Raja Bhaiyya said.Some 50 lakh metric tonnes of wheat were purchased from farmers by various state government agencies. The system works this way: the purchase is made directly from co-operative societies supposedly run by the wheat growers themselves. Immediately after purchase, the stocks are kept at PCF godowns. Once the purchase is complete, the part of the stock bought by the union government is transferred to the FCI godowns. The disappearance of foodgrains has been detected at the PCF godown level itself, which comes under the cooperative ministry.For instance, according to the initial investigation into the missing foodgrain from Maharajganj, it came to light that 581 tonnes of wheat were bought from 19 different cooperative societies at the rate of Rs 1,285 per quintal worth Rs 7,470,347. But not a single grain of wheat had allegedly reached the PCF godowns. The catch was that the PCF godown records show that wheat has come in and has not gone out since it was purchased. Notably, the PCF comes under the ministry for cooperatives at present being handled by Shivpal Yadav.In all, more than 3,106 metric tonnes of wheat and rice meant for distribution to the poor through the public distribution system (PDS) reportedly went missing from the PCF godowns in Gorakhpur and Maharajganj. Gorakhpur divisional commissioner K Ravindra Nayak ordered an inquiry into the case by the district magistrates (DMs) of the two districts after which an FIR was lodged. In Sitapur, over 8000 quintals of wheat and rice were found missing from the PCF godown in Sidhauli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16306300", "title": "Bhairampur health centre never opened", "text": "KANPUR: Making mockery of the of heath department who claims to organize educational and awareness sessions at village health centres, the health centre at Bhairampur village, in Sachendi area is locked since the time it was built.According to the villagers, they never saw any such sessions going on at village till now.\"The health centre in the village is locked since it was built. We met the ANM of our village for the first time when the health team came to inspect the village after the reports of diarrhoea,\" said Om Praksh, a villager.He also said that no educational or awareness camps were organized in their village to evoke them to maintain better sanitation.\"For the first time we heard that there is a ANM allotted to our village named Gomti Pal when the health team inspected the village. She never came here,\" said Sunita, another villager.The villagers also alleged that the health centre established at Bhairampur is just a formality done by health department who never bothered to check what is going on there.The allegations made by the villagers seems to be true as well. One can easily witness the tall grass and poor scene outside the health centre, which clearly says that no one ever came there.When TOI contacted Chief Medical officer of the district Dr RP Yadav, to seek his explanation on the issue, he said that the villagers have never seen there ANM as Gomti has just joined on September one.\"The post of ANM for this village is lying vacant from long time. She has joined few days back,\" said CMO further adding that due to unavailability of ASHA and ANM, no educational session were organized at Bhairampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306740", "title": "Building collapse kills man", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A three-storey building in Mandvi ni Pol, Khadia, collapsed on Friday afternoon, killing a two-wheeler rider. Four parked vehicles were also damaged in the incident. Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC)'s estate department later brought down the dilapidated structure.Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials said that the collapse had occurred at 12.25 pm on Friday. \"It was a three-storey building, more than 100 years old, owned by an NRI. It remained vacant for quite many years. It was already in a dilapidated condition which worsened due to recent rains. Part of its gallery and third floor collapsed on the road in the afternoon. A commuter passing under the building was badly hit by the falling debris,\" said an AFES official.Police identified the deceased as Mukesh Chavda, 35, a resident of Khadia. Chavda, who sustained severe head injuries, died later in the hospital. The damaged vehicles in the incident included three two-wheelers and a car.\"A team of AFES officials rushed to the spot and removed the debris of the collapsed building. We informed the estate department which brought down the dangerous portion of the structure. A notice will also be served to the building's owners. AMC is checking whether the building was declared dangerous earlier,\" said Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer.AFES officials said it was a second such incident in the past fortnight in the walled city. Earlier, part of a four-storey building collapsed in Raipur where a 13-year-old girl died and six others were injured.Rains spur fear of more collapsesA survey of buildings' situation in the walled city is due after the monsoon to prevent more building collapse incidents, said AFES officials. \"There are a number of constructions not occupied by people and thus are not subject to any regular maintenance. As the old houses are made of wood, rains dampen them and if proper care is not taken, they collapse. The recent collapses are testimony to the fact that mostly unoccupied constructions are prone to more damages,\" said an AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16309952", "title": "India-Pakistan to ease visa norms for visitors", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The new visa policy between India and Pakistan, to be signed on Saturday, has eased restrictions on visitors from both the countries.There will be a single-entry visitor visa for a maximum period of six months but the stay cannot exceed three months at a time and for five places (currently limited to three places).Also, business visa has been separated from visitor visa, a communique said.Under a new category, a visitor visa for a maximum of five specified places may be issued for a longer period of up to two years with multiple entries to senior citizens (above 65); spouse of a national of one country married to person of another country and children below 12 accompanying parent(s).Also, transit visa will now be issued within 36 hours instead of 72 hours.Under the existing visa agreement, the single entry visa is issued for three months for meeting relatives, friends , business or other legitimate purposes. However, the visa can be issued for a longer period not exceeding a year owing to the nature of work or business.Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik and India's external affairs minister S M Krishna will sign the agreement. Krishna is on a three-day visit to Pakistan.Malik on Friday said: \"The biggest thing is that the visa agreement will be of benefit to the common people of both India and Pakistan. There is no loss for anyone in this.\"Meanwhile, Hina Rabbani Khar , Pakistan's foreign minister, hasn't offered much hope of speedier progress on the trial of top Lashkar leaders accused in the 26/11 terror strike.Two other agreements - on allowing people to cross LoC for pilgrimage purposes and a cultural exchanges deal - are also being discussed.Khar promised a new approach to India and insisted it was not in Pakistan's interest to allow 26/11 to \"fester into an issue\" in bilateral relations but countered India's concern on the trial by pointing to the slow progress in the Samjhauta Express case where Pakistani tourists were targeted by Hindu extremists. \"If you doubt our intentions, look at the case of Samjhauta Express. We have said that once the process of co-examination of evidence, the opportunity of that is provided, we can hope for some forward movement,\" she said.(Inputs from IANS )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305209", "title": "4 BMC staffers suspended", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has suspended four people from the licence department in H (W) ward (Bandra, Khar and Santa Cruz) for allegedly using fraudulent methods to transfer a licence to more than one hawker on Linking Road in Khar (W). Rajendra Bhosale, deputy civic chief (special), issued suspension orders for senior license inspector Ashok Tambe, area inspector S Ghatkar, peon Arvind Kamble and clerk Nityanand Gavankar from the license department of the H(west) ward on Friday. \"They were found guilty of changing records and issuing licenses to hawkers,\"said Bhosale.A delegation led by Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM in Khar (W) and residents from H (W) and K (W) wards (the latter including Andheri-W and Oshiwara), met municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on August 9 over the illegalities by the unauthorized vendors. TOI had carried a report on how the BMC was conducting a vigilance inquiry on the licence department.Siddique's complaint said the same license was issued to two people bearing different names. As per a circular issued by the BMC, according to a Supreme Court order, no applications for licences received after February 12, 2007, can be considered for transfer. But licences 1048 and 1882 had changed hands thrice till 2010 and the hawkers continue to operate till date.Siddique had documents to prove the fraudulent methods used by encroachers in connivance with civic officials to transfer licences.\"We learnt that in two years, three hawkers have used the same licence. Nearly 25 licences have changed hands similarly. We also had video clips of officials, clerks and peons seeking bribes to allow the transfer of licences,\" said Siddique.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306531", "title": "It\u2019s a bumpy ride on Peermuchalla Road", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is roller coaster ride when one travels along Trishla Road, also known as Peermuchalla Road, in Zirakpur as the road is in a bad shape. Full of potholes, it is also caved in at some places. Few months ago during elections the same was re-carpeted, but now after the rains the road is again in a poor condition. Though the residents have been complaining to the authorities, nothing has been done in this regard.There are about eight societies in the 500-meter stretch, which have about 900 flats. Thousands of people are suffering due to the bad road and as there is no alternate route, they have no choice but to ply on the potholed road.President of Trishla Plus Homes resident welfare association K K Koul said, \"During the elections the road was re-carpeted. But our relief was short lived as after the rains it is again full of potholes.\" General secretary of Exotic Society R Nagpal said many mishaps have taken place of the caved in roads. \"Many people have fallen off their vehicles because of the bumpy road. Poor material used during the construction has lead to this situation,\" he added.Chinnar Heights resident Amandeep Singh said his car was damaged due to the bad road and he had to shell out a hefty amount to get his vehicle repaired. \"I cannot avoid this road as there is no alternative,\" he rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304939", "title": "Cops in road mishap gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Head constable Kishan Darade (48) was released on bail by the local court on Friday after he was arrested for Thursday's mishap when the SUV police vehicle he was driving hit a 34-year-old courier firm employee at high speed. The victim Sachin Padwankar was crushed to death between the police SUV and a stationary truck situated near the Hindustan Company bus stop on the LBS Marg in Vikhroli (west) around 7.30 am. Meanwhile the investigators have not closed the case and are collecting evidence and trying to spot down the unidentified tempo whose rash driving had led to the incident.But Padwankar's family members were unhappy with the decision. \"The incident has ruined the life of the entire family, especially his wife and his two-and-a-half-year old daughter who was found searching for her dad in the house,\" victim's elder brother Rajnish told TOI on Friday.Rajnish, who is a mediaperson, said, \"We want justice and I will follow the case against the police driver to ensure there's no leniency and deliberate soft-pedalling by cops. The sad part was the cops' behaviour after the mishap has made me even more determined.\"Padwankar's relative Navin Chendvankar said that if the cops were patrolling the locality then they should have drove the vehicle at a normal pace and not at high speed. \"The act has proved costly for his family,\" he said. \"He was supposed to relocate to a new house in Kalwa in November but the incident has crashed his family's dream,\" he said.Parksite police senior inspector Sambhaji Patil said that the court released Darade on bail surety on Thursday. \"We are collecting evidence and recording statements of locals from the spot who witnessed the incident. We have not closed the matter and the investigation is on to get a precise picture in the mishap before concluding the matter directly,\" said Patil.TOI asked Patil whether they are going to take help of the local to track down the unidentified tempo vehicle who negligence act of taking sharp U-turn proved costly, he said it is too early to comment on it. Their first preference to get experts opinion into the mishap and gather enough evidence that has led to the mishap.Darade will resume his duty from Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305512", "title": "'Most vans ferry students without RTO permit'", "text": "PUNE: Of the nearly 4,500 vans ferrying school students in the district, only 750 have the permit from the regional transport office to do so, said Sampat Pacharne, president of the Pune district school students transport association. The state government was falling short on enforcing the school bus safety policy in the city, he added.Several schools were unaware of the policy guidelines and efforts must be taken to educate parents, school principals, teachers and bus owners about the policy for its successful implementation, Pacharne said at a news conference here on Friday.Many schools in Vishrantwadi, Kondhwa, Katraj, Aundh, etc, did not have the school transport committees which were mandatory as per the school bus policy, he said. \"At some schools the principals did not even know what the guidelines were.\"The association has over 450 school bus and van owners as members. While the association is about a year old, an official announcement about its formation will be made on September 9.The association plans to create awareness among all parties involved in implementing the school bus safety guidelines in the coming days. Separate awareness drives will be conducted among school principals, parents, bus owners and contractors, Pacharne said.The first such camp will be held on September 9 at the Mahalaxmi lawns near Rajaram bridge. Experts will explain the importance of the safety guidelines at the camp organised for parents and students. The camp will start at 3 pm.\"The school education department plays a vital role in implementation of the guidelines. It should issue orders to all education boards in the state to ensure that the affiliated schools follow the norms. A fine must be imposed on schools which do not abide by the rules laid down by the government,\" Pacharne said.The regional transport office in every district must be stringent in monitoring the school buses and vans. Implementation must be uniform and mandatory for every party concerned. Safety must be the priority for everybody, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303640", "title": "CM's unkept promises", "text": "HYDERABAD: Grandly announcing that he wanted to dispel the impression among people of the Old City that they were in any way less than those from other parts of town, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy went on a foundation stone laying spree in June last year. Calling himself a 'Hyderabadi' he laid foundation stones for at least four projects, all of which have failed to take off.The construction of an e-library in Barkas at an estimated cost of Rs 50 lakh during the Rachabanda programme is one such project which failed to fructify. GHMC officials said the existing structure which houses the library is in a deplorable condition and needs to be razed to make way for a new building which would house the conventional library and the e-library. But the AP Granthalaya Samastha (APGS) which manages the existing library is opposing this proposal tooth and nail.Sources from the GHMC and APGS said that the contention of the latter is that the land was registered in the name of the library and therefore, the GHMC cannot take up any construction on the land. It was reported in these columns in April this year that it was decided that APGS would take up construction and management of the library. However, as the dispute between the two bodies remained unresolved, GHMC decided to take up the construction on a separate land and is now eyeing other land parcels in the area for the e-library. Ayesha Rubina, GHMC co-option member, said, \"All attempts to reach an amicable solution with the APGS have failed. Though a formal proposal is yet to be made, we have identified around 350 square yards of land near the community hall in Barkas.\" However, sources noted that with local politicians and other departments unofficially vying for possession of the new land parcel, alienation was a tough task.The National Academy of Construction's (NAC) Advanced Skills Training Institute in Naseeb Nagar too was on the cards but incessant delays have left the project in limbo with not a single brick being laid. Training is being conducted in Owaisi School of Excellence in Jamal Colony. NAC officials said that more than two months have passed since files were handed over to the R&B; department.Kondal Rao, assistant director, NAC said, \"All plans, drawings and technical sanctions are with R&B; department. We are waiting for their response.\"In need of respite from traffic woes due to haphazard parking of vehicles on roads, the residents of Khilwat and officials of Chowmahalla Palace had breathed a sigh of relief when the construction of a multi-level parking complex was announced. More than 15 months later, the situation is the same. Officials from the GHMC have been claiming for the past three months that soil testing for the project has been done 'only fifteen days ago'.While an impressive sum of Rs 4.5 crore was announced for the renovation of the Government Nizamia Tibbi College, walls and domes are still cracking or collapsing frequently. Officials from the unani college said that poor response to tenders was causing the delay. \"It took seven years for promotions to be granted. But the building cannot wait that long.Everyday chips from the ceiling fall off and cases of wall collapse are not infrequent. The authorities must restore the building soon or else the lives of patients and staff are at risk,\" an official requesting anonymity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16307062", "title": "DMK alleges bias in fund allocation", "text": "TRICHY: The council meeting of the Tiruchirappalli corporation on Friday witnessed pandemonium as the opposition parties faulted the ruling AIADMK for bias in allocating funds to councillors. They also piled into the AIADMK for ineffective administration and failure to provide basic amenities such as drinking water and roads.Councillors from the DMK led by floor leader M Anbazhagan raised the pitch against mayor A Jaya for allocating funds to AIADMK councillors only. Hence other party councillors could not fulfil the basic needs in their wards. Jaya denied the charge saying she would allocate funds to them in days to come.They accused the ruling party of not even ensuring sanitation even after one year since the council assumed office. A DMK councillor alleged that the corporation administration selectively concentrated on areas coming under the purview of AIADMK councillors. Hence they gave a facelift to Ammamandapam bathing ghats on Cauvery. On the contrary, Ayyalamman bathing ghat on the other side of the river was completely sidelined as it came under DMK rule.The problem of drinking water scarcity was highlighted by the opposition parties. DMK councillor T Muthuselvan pointed out the delay in commissioning the Rs. 221.42-crore water projects that is under implementation to increase per capita water supply to residents, particularly in the five wards that were newly added to the corporation limit following delimitation. The project is underway with funding from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA). He said the water scarcity could be solved once the project becomes operational.In reply, corporation commissioner VP Thandapani said the distribution pipeline should be laid for 565 km for water supply. They hoped the project would be completed soon. On sanitation, the commissioner said they were mulling involving private players into sanitary works in corporation wards. They planned to introduce this in one of its four zones so that the sanitary problem could be solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16304205", "title": "Rape accused'smother held", "text": "WARDHA: The mother of a rape accused was arrested on Friday for threatening the victim to not disclose the heinous act.Accused Satish More saw a 24-year-old girl alone at her house in ST quarters area of Ramnagar on Thursday evening. He entered her house and allegedly molested her. He was reported to have made an indecent proposal which the girl rejected. Following this, he threatened and raped her. When the girl shouted for help, Satish absconded.Later, Satish's mother Lalita asked her to keep quiet. The police arrested Lalita on Friday for helping her son. A complaint has been booked under sections 452, 506, 323, 376, 342 and 109 of IPC.Girl molestedA 19-year-old girl was molested in Station Fail area on Thursday night.Accused Harish Chandan saw a girl alone in the courtyard. He tried to take her in a room, but when she refused, he fled from the spot. Police have registered a complaint under sections 448 and 354 of IPC.Hot water in wellVillagers of Jalgaon (Berola) were surprised to find hot water in a well, a rather unusual phenomenon.SDO S M Rodake visited the spot and said this was the only well in the area which had hot water. A sample of the water was sent to a chemical laboratory in Wardha for testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306678", "title": "HC stays ban on Plaster of Paris idols", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court (HC) on Friday stayed temporarily the city commissioner's order prohibiting the making and selling Plaster of Paris (PoP) idols meant for Ganesh Chaturthi festival.A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala stayed the circular banning making of PoP idols in the city on the basis of a petition filed by Shree Ganpati Murti Sarjak Yuva Bavari Samaj Sewa Samiti of Gulbai Tekra. The group's secretary moved HC on behalf of 5,000 families of artisans who are engaged in the business of making and sale of Lord Ganesha's idols.The petitioner submitted that the city police commissioner issued a notification on May 22 under section 144 of CrPC. After this, cops of various police stations started harassing the artisans by seizing a large number of idols.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Mukul Sinha contended that section 144 of CrPC can only be exercised by the commissioner to prevent riot or affray. And the act by the artisans of making Ganesha idols with the use of PoP and in other manner does not result in creation of any such situation. tnnAfter hearing the case, the bench issued notice to police commissioner and ordered stay till next week, when further hearing in this case is scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16305985", "title": "Houseboats in Vembanad Lake flouting safety norms", "text": "KOTTAYAM: There is a rising demand among passengers that strict safety measures be put in place in the boats plying in the Vembanad Lake.Many of the boats here have been found to be plying without the mandatory life jackets, fire extinguishers, life-buoys and first-aid facilities.In the wake of the Thekkady boat tragedy on September 30, 2009 in which 45 lives were lost, the government had issued strict guidelines to be followed in boats. But a majority of the houseboats and passenger boats have been found flouting these guidelines. District tourism promotion council secretary Jiju Jose, said the council has started an awareness campaign about the safety measures to be taken in case of an emergency.\"We have distributed audio CDs to all houseboats, which describes the safety measures in English, Malayalam and Hindi. The boat owners have been asked to play this CD for the tourists before the cruise begins,\" said Jose.State government rules stipulate that the boats be navigated by qualified drivers and a lifeguard each be deployed for 25 passengers. But these guidelines are not being followed in many of the boats, including the ones belonging to the Kerala State Water Transport Department. However, water transport department director Shaji V Nair, said the department's boats are following the norms. \"Mobiles have been provided to all drivers so that they can communicate freely. All our boats undergo the mandatory fitness tests conducted by the port department every year,\" he said.He added that it is the port department which has the power to inspect private boats to check if safety guidelines are being followed.In the last 10 years, over 150 people have lost their lives in the state in various boat accidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303519", "title": "Geetika suicide: Chaddha\u2019s bail plea rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday dismissed the bail plea of former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda's aide Aruna Chaddha, an accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case.District and additional sessions judge S K Sarvaria refused to grant bail to Chaddha. The court dismissed Chaddha's bail plea, agreeing with the prosecution's submission that she might tamper with the evidence and influence witnesses if freed on bail at this juncture.Chaddha had sought bail on the ground that she has a seven-year-old daughter and old parents to look after. Senior advocate Ramesh Gupta, appearing for Chaddha, argued that Geetika had committed suicide because her parents were unhappy with her.He also said even the postmortem report does not reveal anything incriminating against Chaddha or Kanda. Gupta said if they (Chaddha and Kanda) were pressuring Geetika, why her family allowed her to re-join MDLR. He also showed to the court the photographs of Geetika along with Chaddha attending a party 15 days before she committed suicide in her house on August 4.Earlier in the day, when the judge reserved his order on Chaddha's bail plea, she went near the judge's dais with her daughter and pleaded that she be released on bail. Geetika's family present in the courtroom objected to her move, saying it amounts to emotionally influencing the judge.Chaddha's bail plea was vehemently opposed by Delhi Police, which said she does not deserve bail as she had lied on many points during her interrogation. Public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan said Chaddha, during her interrogation, did not disclose sending to Geetika forged letters, which said an extradition proceeding has been initiated against her in Dubai . He also said Chaddha had lied about her date of joining MDLR. \"When her conduct during interrogation has been such, how can she be granted bail?\" argued Mohan.He added both of Geetika's suicide notes clearly mentioned that Chaddha and Kanda were responsible for her extreme step. Kanda's wife moves HC against TV channelsCHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday issued notices to six Hindi and English television news channels and Haryana government on a petition filed by former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's wife Saras Goel.Iin her petition, Goel has accused the news channels of highlighting frivolous issues regarding Geetika Sharma suicide case, which caused \"damage to the reputation of Gopal Kanda\".Directions have also been sought by her to gag electronic channels from broadcasting any news pertaining to her husband in Geetika Sharma case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16306325", "title": "Rowdy killed in predawn action", "text": "BANGALORE: Fugitive rowdysheeter BH Srinivasa alias Bettanagere Seena, 37, who allegedly masterminded the killing of Bangalore Rural zilla panchayat member BEML Krishnappa, was shot dead by police in an earlymorning shootout at Herohalli , off Magadi Road, about 20km from here.Seena had let loose a reign of terror in Nelamangala taluk of Bangalore Rural district and was reportedly close to the land mafia on the city outskirts. An accused in six murder and seven attempt-tomurder cases, Seena was recently released on bail. He is believed to have plotted and executed the murder of archrival Krishnappa on Tumkur Road on July 25.On a tip-off about Seena's hideout at Syndicate Bank Layout in Herohalli on Thursday night, a 40-strong police contingent led by Bangalore Rural additional SP N Nagaraj cordoned off the area and surrounded the house early Friday morning.The police split into four teams, surrounded the house and ordered Seena to surrender . Suddenly, Seena and two associates barged out of the house and started running. While his associates hurled bricks at the cops, Seena fired two pistol rounds at them. Nelamangala police inspector Prakash, Nandagudi inspector Subramani and sub-inspectors Prakash and Harish suffered bullet injuries.The policemen opened six rounds of fire. Four bullets hit Seena in the stomach and chest, and he collapsed. His associates escaped. Seena was taken to Herohalli and Tavarekere hospitals, but doctors weren't around. Seena was declared brought dead at Magadi government hospital . The injured policemen were treated as outpatients in nearby hospitals.Police officers said Seena had holed up in the house and was collecting hafta through his boys. He was allegedly trying to extort money from a Hegganahalli politician. \"Seena was running out of money as he spent a lot on food and liquor. He had arranged a man, Satish, to supply money to him. We got the scent of the deal and pursued it,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308537", "title": "Pranita pins hopes on three-film deal", "text": "Buoyed by the success of 'Saguni', Pranita seems to have decided to put her feet up and let life happen. The actor's last big screen outing in the Kannada film industry was the critically-acclaimed 'Bheema Theeradalli'. While she has two other Kannada films in the pipeline, Snehitaru and 420 , Pranita informs us, \"I have a three-film contract with the production house that made Saguni . The contract does not stop me from taking on other work, but I'd rather do their films, as they've given me a good start with Saguni.\" Of the Soundarya Jagadish multi-starrer, Snehitaru , Pranita says, \"I have finished work on Snehitaru and am eagerly awaiting its release. I've got to do a couple of songs for my film with Ganesh, 420 , and then I will be a free bird.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309220", "title": "Britney took our friendship to the next level: Jason", "text": "Britney Spears' fiance Jason Trawick has revealed that the singer put herself out there to take their friendship to the next level.\"It was kind of one of those things where she moved, like, turned around, so we were face-to-face, and then ...\" the Daily Mail quoted Trawick as telling Elle magazine.But before he could give any more details on their relationship, the 'Toxic' singer interrupted him, and said, \"Okay, that's enough information, sweetie. It was sweet, just say that.\"Spears got engaged to Trawick last December. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16304257", "title": "64 lakh yet to learn their letters", "text": "The 2011 census put Karnataka's literacy rate at 75.61%, with a gap of around 14% between male and female literacy levels. The department of mass education has pegged the number of illiterates in 17 districts in the state at a whopping 64,27,714.The latest survey on families by the department under Sakshar Bharat, the number of illiterates in 17 backward districts of the state is above 64 lakh. Around 18 lakh people are enrolled under Sakshar Bharat in the state today. The programme is a variant of the National Literacy Mission and has been running since September 2009 to promote and strengthen adult education, especially of women and other disadvantaged groups.According to the survey, 32.45 lakh of this group are women, 15 lakh belong to scheduled castes, 8.3 lakh to scheduled tribes, and 4.76 lakh belong to minority communities.Among the districts, Gulbarga tops the chart with a whopping 7.60 lakh illiterate people, followed by Belgaum with 6.26 lakh, Bijapur has 5.54 lakh, Mysore (4.88 lakh) and Raichur (4.86 lakh). The difference between the number of illiterate women and men is highest in Tumkur, Belgaum and Mandya districts.FACTORS HINDERING LITERACYIt's no easy task for the government to convince these adults to learn. With poverty a hardcore reality of life, those who have remained away from school during their childhood are still uninterested in education.Volunteers on the ground vouch how attendance drops after a natural calamity hits the region, or each time there is seasonal farming activity. Getting women to class is even more difficult as families usually don't want them to step out after sunset and classes are held only at night.However, the silver lining is that the pass percentage of neo-literates in the state is around 74%, one of the better countrywide figures. When self-help groups are involved, things get better, they say.The department of mass education has also tied up with the National Institute of Open Schooling to get illiterates into the formal schooling system. They also ensure that literacy does not stop with just the three Rs. Instead, vocational skills are also being imparted as part of these classes. There is an adult education centre where continuous learning is imparted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304098", "title": "BBMP mulls over cash for land acquired", "text": "BANGALORE: With property owners refusing to accept certificates of Transferable Development Rights (TDR) in lieu of compensation for the widening of 216 roads, BBMP is mulling over cash compensation for those who lose their land for this project.During an inspection of Padarayanapura Main Road in JJR Nagar, off Mysore Road, mayor D Venkatesh Murthy said a committee has been constituted to look into issues of feasibility of paying the market value of land to property owners.This road which connects Vijayanagar, Hosahalli and Attiguppe to Mysore Road is the lifeline for residents here. This stretch of 1.86km from JJR Nagar Circle to Vijayanagar is currently 20 ft wide and the mayor said it would be widened to allow bidirectional traffic on four lanes.Totally, portions of 241 properties here will be acquired for road widening and these include both commercial and residential units as well as Maramma Temple. \"My ward's people will agree to widening if BBMP agrees to give them compensation in the form of market value,\" said Nazini Begum, Padarayanapura ward corporator.The mayor said: \"Certain roads have to be widened to ease traffic congestion. The committee will give its report on roads to be widened. We won't widen all 216 roads. The issue will be discussed in the council meet soon.\"Engineer may be suspendedDuring his inspection in the south and west of the city, the mayor found heaps of stinking garbage on the service road of RPC Layout near Hampi Nagar. Triveni M, a homemaker and resident of RPC Layout, explained to him the problem faced by residents. \"No one wants to be a tenant at my house. I've given many complaints to the engineer and health inspector but they haven't helped,\" she said. The mayor recommended the commissioner suspend the assistant executive engineer of the area and levy a penalty on the garbage contractor.Plastic banDuring his visit to Gandhi Bazaar and Chamarajpet, the BBMP team visited some shops and explained to traders the need to ban plastic bags. \"Stop using plastic covers. If you continue to use them, BBMP will have to seize them,\" the mayor said. BBMP officials may inspect factories in Bommanahalli which produce plastic covers below 40 microns.Garbage to Terra FirmaFrom Friday, BBMP started sending 1,000 tonnes of garbage to Terra Firma landfill near Doddaballapur. \"We've spoken to the villagers and the matter has been resolved,\" the mayor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306811", "title": "Uterus removal scam probe at a snail's pace", "text": "PATNA: The inquiry instituted by the state government into the alleged uterus removal (hysterectomy) scam in the state seems to be moving at a snail's pace.After the scam surfaced, involving removal of the uteri of BPL women on a large scale by registered hospitals and clinics, allegedly to claim money under a health insurance scheme, the state government had formed a committee in every district where such cases had been reported, to investigate the issue. The committee comprises a magistrate, one doctor and a representative from an insurance company.Talking to TOI, labour resources minister Janardan Prasad Sigriwal said, \"We have already received reports from many districts while reports from rest of the districts are awaited. But, going by the reports we have received till now, nothing glaring has come to fore so far. We are studying the reports minutely and only after we receive reports from all the districts, anything concrete could be said.\"Sigriwal, however, claimed the percentage of hysterectomy in all surgery cases conducted in the state is much lower than the national and international averages. This percentage is 2.22% in Bihar, lower than the national average of more than 7 % and the international percentage of more than 10.The minister, though, retracted from his earlier statement to a section of media, in which he had stated that the state government had chosen the hospitals and private nursing homes empanelled under the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY). He said, \"The state government has played no role in selection of hospitals and nursing homes under the scheme. This was done by the insurance companies in view of the Centre's guidelines in this regard. Even, the insurance companies under the said scheme were chosen by the Centre.\"The minister said in every district a core committee was formed for proper implementation of the scheme. The committee consisted of a senior ADM-rank officer, senior doctors from sadar hospital and representatives from insurance companies and media. He reiterated that not a single paise has been withdrawn illegally under the scheme, which covered more than 1,100 diseases.On submitting report to the Bihar Human Rights Commission (BHRC), which had directed the government to submit a report within three weeks, the minister said, \"Once we receive reports from all the districts and go through them, the same would be submitted to BHRC.\"Meanwhile, the IMA, Bihar chapter, has till date not received a single complaint from any individual or organization complaining of fraud, said state IMA president Dr A K Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16303953", "title": "Five commit suicide in separate cases", "text": "AKOLA: Five persons committed suicide in separate cases in Akola district and surrounding areas in the last 24 hours.Anuradha Bhaltilak, 23, of Pailpada village in Borgaon Manju police station in Akola district ended life by consuming poison. She was taken to district hospital where she was declared brought dead.Janrao Pawar, 60, of Virwada village under Murtizapur tehsil of Akola district committed suicide by consuming poison.Jyoti Dhurandar, 30, of Fatehpur village under Hiwarkhed police station in Buldhana district consumed poison to end life.Jyoti Ther, 20, of Somthana village under Karanja Lad tehsil of adjoining Washim district committed suicide to end her life.Rampal Kirdak, 50, of Trimurti Nagar in Murtizapur tehsil hanged himself to death at his house.Cases of accidental deaths have been registered. The cause behind the suicides could not be ascertained. The bodies were sent for post mortem and the reports are awaited.Engineer nabbed for taking bribeAnti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) team on Thursday caught a junior engineer from Washim Panchayat Samiti red-handed while accepting a bribe of Rs2,000.Junior engineer Sevaram Chavan, 46, had demanded bribe from Ramprasad Surose, 24, from Nagthana in Washim district for releasing the balance amount of Rs42,567 as grant for a well.On Surose's complainant, ACB team laid a trap and caught Chavan red-handed. Offences under sections 7, 13 (1) and 13(2) of Prevention of Corruption Act have been registered against Chavan.Woman forces girl to consume acidSensation prevailed in Sioni village after a woman forcibly administered acid to a 17-year-old girl over a trivial issue on Thursday.Accused Vandana Jawsapure has been charged with abetting suicide bid of Minakshi Sontakke, who is undergoing treatment at the general hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305623", "title": "Boy dies after dad rams auto into barricade", "text": "CHENNAI: An 18-year-old boy died when the autorickshaw driven by his father hit a barricade on the Chennai-Bypass Road near Tambaram on Friday morning.Deepak and five other family members were returning to Chennai in 0an autorickshaw after attending the funeral of a relative in Tiruvannamalai. Deepak's father Mani was driving the autorickshaw. As they neared the city, Mani fell asleep and rammed the vehicle into a barricade. Deepak died on the spot, while others sustained injuries. They were all rushed to a nearby hospital. Deepak's mother sustained grievous injuries and was taken to a hospital in the city.The accident caused a minor traffic jam on the highway. Police rushed to the spot and helped move the injured to the hospital. Residents from nearby villages helped police in their operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306510", "title": "Tainted cop was busiest economics offence wing officer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: SI Naveen Kumar Sharma, who was arrested on September 6 on graft charges, was investigating maximum cases of cheating and fraud than any other police officer posted with the economics offence wing (EOW) and sector 17 police station, where maximum cases of cheating and forgery are registered, was looking after Sharma.According to CBI sources, more than 80 cases of cheating and forgery were being investigated by Sharma and in some of the cases chargesheet are still pending. A senior police official told TOI, \"Recently, Sharma was taken off a cheating case he was investigating after the complainant claimed that the output of case was not satisfactory. The case was assigned to another police officer of the EOW.\"Interestingly, though CBI complainant Sukhbir Singh Shergill and his wife Gurveen Shergill of Mohali had joined the investigation in the case registered against them, Chandigarh police obtained non-bailable-warrants against both of them. Scrutiny of the documents seized from the office of Sharma after his arrest revealed that the SI had himself signed the recorded statements of the couple.CBI sources told TOI, \"Prior to the registration of the FIR, Shergill had appeared before Sharma 12 times and gave documentary evidences that could prove charges against him and his wife as baseless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "dugri phase i", "code": "16306617", "title": "Harman Suneet Arora set to debut his designs", "text": "DUGRI PHASE I: Having worked with renowned fashion designer J J Valaya and on costumes for a Punjabi flick called \"Pinky Mogey Waali\", Dugri Phase I-based budding fashion designer Harman Suneet Arora is ready for his debut ramp show during a wedding fashion event to be held on September 8 and 9 at a city hotel.At the curtain raiser for the event on Friday, Harman said it is one of the important moments in his career as he will exhibit his designs at a fashion event for the first time.Flanked by his mother Suneet Arora, he said, \"We make all sort of classic designer wears, but Indian ethnic and English wear are the designs we specialize in. I am excited to display my creations at the wedding fashion event.\" Harman said he has got some good exposure in the Indian fashion circuit after working with Valaya during a fashion week in Delhi in July-August last year. The movie he has designed clothes for, while assisting his designer colleague Swati Prabhakar, will soon be released, added Harman. \"My goal is to take my brand to the global fashion circuit. My parents \u2014 Suneet Arora and Kulwinder Pal Singh \u2014 have been the source of inspiration behind my work and I am just carrying forward their business,\" he said.The fashion designer became a mechanical engineer first after completing his schooling from Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar. It was after finishing his BTech that Harman realized fashion was his calling and enrolled for a bachelors in fashion designing, at Pearl Academy of Fashion, in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16306274", "title": "Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad and Global ICT Standardization Forum for India to hold standardisation meet", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad in collaboration with Global ICT Standardization Forum for India (GISFI) will organise the Tenth GISFI Standardisation Series Meeting at India International Centre, New Delhi from September 10.Giving details of the three-day programme, IIIT-A chairperson and director Dr M D Tiwari said that GISFI develops standards to meet the Indian requirements as well as contributes towards the evolution of global standards. Dr Tiwari, who is also the director of RGIIIT-A, said, \"India plays an increasingly important role in the processes of globalisation in the field of communications technology industry and research and development. GISFI is an effort to create a new coherence and strengthen the role of India in the world standardisation process by mapping the achievements in ICT in India to the global standardisation trends. Further, GISFI is focused on strengthening ties among leading and emerging scholars and institutions in India and the world to develop and cultivate a research and development agenda for the field.\"\"GISFI addresses the research and product development of ICT in India and provides a bridge for the globalisation of the Indian achievements. It is also committed to raising awareness on the importance and the internationalisation of the higher education in the field and is supported by a joint partnership with the Government of India. The working groups organised in GISFI will draw knowledge from academia, business, civil society, and government policy-making circles. A strong global platform is the key to a successful standardisation process that can benefit all user groups,\" he said.Secretary, DoT, Government of India, R Chandrashekhar will be the main speaker at the inaugural session. Founding chairman, GISFI Prof Ramjee Prasad will present introduction and strategy, while Dr MD Tiwari will deliver welcome address. Moreover, Member Technology TC, DoT, J K Roy, Senior Deputy Director General, TEC, DoT, Anil Kaushal, Raja Srinivas from TATA Teleservices, Senior Vice President India Relations, HUAWEI, Yaoweimin, Tilakraj Dua and Krishna Sirohi, GISFI Standardization Committee (GSC) Chairman will speak on different dimensions of standardisation in the same session.Eminent personalities belonging to education, industry and governmental sectors such as Anand R Prasad, NEC ,Parag Pruthi, NIKSUN, Debu Nayak, Huawei, Balamuralidhar P, TCS, Mini Vasudevan, Ericsson, Rakesh Agrawal (VNL), Ashutosh Dutta, Niksun and Ajay Ranjan Mishra, NSN and Sanjay Kumar, BIT Mesra, Balwant Sharma, BIT-Noida and Krishna Sirohi, will touch upon several topics including Future Radio Access Technology, Convergence, Special Interest Groups, Spectrum and Green Energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305644", "title": "Key glitches in state's online tracker for medical supplies", "text": "NASHIK: The online medical drug inventory system of the state public health department designed to keep track of medical supplies for district hospitals across the state, does not have a log of all medicines in its inventory, in turn hindering optimum use of the system.Further. some rural hospitals do not have proper Internet access due to which they have to come to Civil Hospital to manually fill in purchase requirements.In order to monitor the expiry dates of drugs and track its use, the state had developed software last year and had made the inventory available online. The software incorporates all aspects of the medicine's purchase including expiry date, receipt and drug distribution data. Civil Hospital started using the online inventory system since April 2012.However pharmacy employees at the hospital they pointed out that only allopathic drugs are tracked online. \"Ayurvedic medicines like Liv 52 are not logged so we cannot update data on them. We have to keep such records manually,\" said an employee.\"We are not against the system. Our only demand is that all drugs be made available online,\" said Dr. Ganesh Phadnis, resident medical officer at Civil Hospital.Reportedly, out of 27 rural hospitals, five s have Internet problems due to which the staff has to come to the Civil Hospital to manually update their inventory. Employees added that hospitals in remote areas like Ghoti, Igatpuri, Baglan and Peth face connection problems making service access difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305458", "title": "Kitchen staff crunch hits RIMS meals", "text": "RANCHI: Family members of patients at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) are being forced to bring food for their near and dear ones either from home or from a nearby restaurant. The reason is patients are not being served food on time because of an acute shortage of staff at the hospital kitchen. On Friday, a person was seen carrying food. When asked why he was doing so, he said, \"My wife is not getting proper meals. How can she recuperate without food?\"There are more than a thousand patients at the hospital and only four people are managing the kitchen, which is an obvious imbalance in the supply-demand ratio. Said a kitchen staff, \"The sanctioned strength, including that of helpers, is 18. So how can we deliver food to patients on time? There is more crisis when one of the four falls ill or takes leave.\"He said they are taking the help of attendants for the time being. \"They are poor people and if they are promised food, they come and help us,\" said the kitchen staff.Another worker who has been at RIMS for 10 years, said, \"There are different meals for different patients. How can we cater to everyone? The nutritional needs of patients vary and the food has to be prepared according to his health needs. This problem has been going on for a long time and the authorities are not showing any interest to recruit.\"Though patients said the food is being delivered late and they have to complain most of the time, the quality is good. \"The menu is also changed from time to time,\" said a patient. So credit should go to the overworked four at the kitchen who are trying to ensure quality in a time of shortage of manpower.\"We have four types of diet - general, diabetic, soft and liquid diets. In the general diet we provide rice, pulses, vegetables, paneer and chicken. In the morning we serve fruits, milk, curd, bread and egg. For dinner we have chapati, pulses and vegetables. We try our best to provide nutritious food to our patients,\" informed dietician Kumari Meenakshi.Medical superintendent, S K Chaudhary, said, \"We are in the process of recruiting kitchen staff but the procedure will take a while.\"Apart from the main kitchen, there's a separate enclosure called sanjha chulha, where attendants can cook. The conditions here are unhygienic though the premises are cleaned twice a day. There is dirt and filth everywhere. People throw milk packets and other garbage on the floor. The drinking water area is dirty and slippery.\"The hospital authorities clean the place. But when so many people use it, it's bound to be unhygienic. It has been raining for the past two days and so the place looks a bit unlcean,\" said a woman attendant from Lohadih, who was cooking.Sanjeev Kumar Sharma, who is in charge of sanjha chulha, said, \"We provide cooking gas. People get their own cooking ingredients. We have provided 40 cooking gas ovens and cylinders, which can be used by 250 people. It's a pay and use service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16304070", "title": "Kin behind kidnap of Yashoda doctor: Cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Friday named Srinivas Reddy, a relative of abducted radiologist Dr Harsha Reddy of Yashoda hospital, as the prime conspirator behind the doctor's kidnapping. Harsha Reddy, who went missing from near the hospital at Malakpet on Monday evening, was rescued on Thursday night at Musunoor, Vijayawada.East Zone police said that it was a dispute between Srinivas Reddy and Harsha Reddy's father Lakshma Reddy over a property in Nunna village near Vijayawada that led to the kidnapping. It is learnt that Srinivas Reddy is in police custody along with two others.Rescued Harsha Reddy informed the police that on Monday, the day on which Harsha went missing, he was scheduled to meet Srinivas Reddy and discuss about the property dispute.\"Srinivas Reddy came to Hyderabad and informed Harsha about his interest to meet him. They planned to go to some dhaba for the discussion. But Harsha was taken towards Nalgonda district and was assaulted by Srinivas and others enroute. It was during this scuffle that the doctor's mobile fell from the vehicle and was traced by the cops. Subsequently, Harsha was taken to Vijayawada where he was kept in their custody\" police said.From Vijayawada, Srinivas Reddy and others made telephone calls to Lakshma Reddy and demanded ransom without disclosing their identities.It was the information given by Lakshma Reddy about the probable suspects that helped police to zero down on Srinivas.His movements were tracked based on his mobile signal locations. Harsha is expected to be brought to Hyderabad by late Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305031", "title": "India dodges yet another safety audit of aviation sector", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has yet again averted a safety audit and then a possible downgrade of its dangerously weak Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).The constant stumbling of skeletons from DGCA cupboards, along with questions on its oversight infrastructure and the government's kid-glove treatment of the airlines that may be compromising safety, had led the FAA some time back raising \"doubt on effectiveness of DGCA's oversight of the Indian aviation industry.\"FAA had threatened to conduct an international aviation safety assessment of the DGCA if it was established that the Indian regulator's oversight capacity had been compromised. But like last time when India evaded being downgraded by FAA to sub-Sahara African level, the government has, for now, managed to convince the Americans that all is well with the DGCA.A team led by DGCA joint DG Charan Dass travelled to Washington in the last week of August to make a presentation of its annual surveillance programme to the FAA. \"FAA was convinced that there has been no compromise on DGCA's function of oversight of the industry... It has been categorically stated by FAA that there is no requirement, as of now, to start ... a fresh IASA... They have also reiterated that India would continue to enjoy the privileges of Category I country,\" an aviation ministry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16307023", "title": "Rival unions clash at CESC, paralyze work", "text": "KOLKATA: Simmering trouble between rival unions at power utility CESC reached a flashpoint on Friday paralyzing the nerve-centre of the city's supply and distribution network. For two hours, the system remained vulnerable till officers managed to persuade them to resume work under police protection.Around 6.25pm, staffers walked out of the systems control unit (SCU) located at headquarters Victoria House after members of the Shramik Karmachari Union affiliated to Trinamool Congress trade union wing INTTUC got into fisticuffs with Citu-affiliated Workmen's Union on the ground floor.With no one to monitor the SCU that keeps a 24-hour vigil on the 1,600-1,800 MW of power being fed into the network of 25 lakh consumers, the CESC top brass pressed the panic button and informed the police.Workers at the CESC distribution network, including the maintenance wing, also struck work in the evening.Leaders of CESC Workmen's Union affiliated to the Citu even threatened to stop generation at the CESC power plants and cripple the city. But the threat was not carried out following intervention of the police and power department officials. Though police managed to evacuate the warring parties from Victoria House, officers remained huddled in a room on the fourth floor, shaken by the threat of a total shutdown that would have inevitably led to a blackout.Though tussle for control over CESC's 9,000-strong staff has been going on for the past couple of years, it has escalated this year with the INTTUC trying to gain control over the cooperative society for the staff. The Citu, however, has managed to hold on to the co-operative society that controls voluntary savings of all CESC staff.On Friday, heated words over the co-operative society led to a scuffle. Members of INTTUC allegedly beat up a member of the Workmen's Union, triggering pandemonium around 5.40pm. Within five minutes, the entire CESC distribution network comprising 10 districts stopped functioning. Half hour later, the SCU stopped functioning . Trouble even spilled on to the streets, affecting traffic flow on Central Avenue for a short while.\"It all happened in the presence of a government-appointed mediator. The agitated staff just refused to understand that the entire city would be badly hit if they crippled an essential service like electricity,\" a source said. Till reports last came in, the maintenance staff was off work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304966", "title": "Quota in promotion: Agitation postponed", "text": "LUCKNOW: State government employees protesting against reservation in promotion bill decided to postpone their agitation after the monsoon session ended without passage of the bill. The employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, however, vowed to take the agitation to national level soon.Samiti president, Shailendra Dubey said that the agitation received the support of not only the ruling SP in UP but also political parties like Shiv Sena , Forward Bloc and DMK. On Friday, state president of Forward Bloc Raj Kishore addressed the protest meeting.Dubey said that teachers and bank employees unions have also given open support to the protests against quota in promotions and their leaders attended Friday's meetings.Asserting that the move would damage the basic structure of the constitution and is a violation of the right to equality,Dubey exhorted political parties to include the issue in their respective election manifestos and move ahead only after getting the views of the people. Dubey claimed that 18 lakh employees affiliated with the samiti, barring those involved in emergency services, remained on strike on Friday and protest meetings and dharnas were staged all over the state.On the other hand, pro-reservation group led by Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, remained on duty. President of the samiti, KB Ram said that the people of the category wore black ribbons as a mark of protest and worked extra. Ram said that they urged the political parties to strive to get the bill passed in the parliament as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306810", "title": "Now, scooty rally of women in 'safe' Patna", "text": "PATNA: For the first time in the city, girls and women will participate in a scooty rally to be organized by Bihar Mahila Udyog Sangh (BMUS) on Sunday. State industries minister Renu Kushwaha would flag off the rally at 7am from Raj Bhavan. It will culminate at S K Memorial Hall.\"We have put posters at various girls' colleges, including Magadha Mahila College, Arvind Mahila College, JD Women's College, and Patna Womens' College, seeking girls' participation. We have also informed people through personal contacts and also put posters in market areas of the city to attract housewives and other professionals to the rally,\" said Pushpa Chopra, president of the BMUS said.More than 70 women have already registered themselves for the rally. Registration forms are available at Key Stroke Institute located on the fifth floor of Adharshila complex, near Reserve Bank of India , South Gandhi Maidan.To enrol for the rally, one has to shell out Rs 100 as registration fee, which includes a coupon for one litre petrol. All the participants would be getting participation certificates and surprise gifts.\"We have girl participants from 16 years of age to women up to 55 years registered with us for the rally,\" Chopra said at a press conference on Friday. Not just school and college students but also housewives and professionals like doctors, entrepreneurs and government employees are also participating in the rally, she added.\"My inspiration for organizing this scooty rally was one of the members of my Sangh who lost more than 15kg weight so that she could drive a scooty and move freely in the city without depending on her husband or other male members of the family,\" said Chopra.\"Now the condition of women in Bihar has changed. Like in metros, they are now moving out fearlessly in the city. Bihar is the best example of women empowerment. Besides, since the city is developing, there are traffic jams on the roads and moving in four-wheelers becomes very difficult. So this rally would also promote scooty ride which is much easier mode of transportation for women,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "khandwa", "code": "16304427", "title": "MP govt cold to jal satyagraha", "text": "KHANDWA: About 50 farmers, including women, have been on a Jal Satyagrah, by standing in neck deep water in Ghogal Aawan village in Khandwa district, against the government's decision to increase the water level of the Omkareshwar dam without compensating them for the land that would be lost in submersion.The villages in the upstream area of the Omkareshwar dam on Narmada river are inundated with water and the first response from the Union and state governments has come on the 14th day of their being in water day and night with the support of bamboo sticks that they have firmly placed in the soft bed of one of the farm that has been inundated with water. They just take breaks for food and to answer nature's calls.Union minister Veerappa Moily will send a two-member team to the protesting farmers to resolve the deadlock on Monday, sources close to the satyagrahis said. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who was silent for 13 days, said that the state government is sensitive towards the families affected by Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar reservoirs. No such family would be deprived of its rehabilitation rights. He urged the people to have faith in the state government and not be misled.The CM directed cabinet ministers Kailash Vijayvargiya and Kunwar Vijay Shah to immediately visit the affected villages and address the genuine grievances of the families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305913", "title": "Bus fares to go up by a rupee in city", "text": "PUNE: PMPML bus passengers will soon have to shell out an extra rupee over the existing fare. The PMPML board of directors, in a meeting held on Friday, approved a proposal to hike the fares.The hike will come into effect once it is approved by the district transport committee in the next one or two weeks. Commuter groups have, however, strongly opposed the hike. The minimum fare (for travel up to two kilometres) will continue to be Rs 5. Fares Rs 6 and more will be hiked by a rupee. For instance, the fare from Kasarwadi and PMC Bhavan will go up from the present Rs 12 to Rs 13.One of the directors, Prashant Jagtap, and PMPML's joint managing director Pravin Ashtikar told reporters that the decision to increase fares was taken because all efforts to seek financial help from the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations have remained unsuccessful.Jagtap said the transport undertaking's financial situation was so bad that it had become almost impossible to run buses any more. \"We are facing an annual deficit of over Rs 23 crore. There is also speculation that diesel prices are likely to increase substantially. The state government had earlier directed the PMC to give us financial assistance of Rs 2.5 crore. However, the PMC has now stopped funding us, saying it wants to recover old octroi dues. The PMC has also not approved our demand to waive off octroi on spares and buses that we purchase,\" he said.Jagtap said the two municipal corporations have also not paid the PMPML dues of over Rs 110 crore on the various travel concessions given to school students and other passengers. \"Corporators of all political parties need to give a serious thought to extending financial help to the PMPML,\" Jagtap said. \"Just as people need civic services such as water, roads and streetlights, they also need a good public bus transport service. Providing public transport is one of the mandatory tasks of the municipal corporation. The PMPML has provided bus services on several routes suggested by corporators and political leaders. We incur huge losses on these routes but have still kept our services running there.\"The fare hike proposal will now be sent to the regional transport office and will then be discussed by the district transport committee. The PMPML board has decided to prepare a financial report in the next three months, which will take into account whether the undertaking's finances have improved and whether there has been a decline in the number of passengers. Meanwhile, the board has decided to get 150 additional buses on lease. The PMPML presently has taken 327 buses on lease. This number is to be increased to 500 by early next year. The board also approved a proposal to absorb 353 employees in permanent service. These employees have been working on contract since the last 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309138", "title": "Robbie Williams regrets not filming sex tape", "text": "Robbie William has revealed that the biggest regret of his career is not making a proper sex tape.The former 'Take That' star said that he would have loved to shoot his sexy antics if he could \"go back in time.\"\"I'd have done a couple of sex tapes.\" Sun quoted Williams as saying.The 38-year-old confessed that he once tried to make one but it \"didn't work\".He went to claim that he was \"glad\" that it went wrong.\"It involved copious amounts of cocaine and playing snooker with a rope,\" he added. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16305242", "title": "Mapusa Municipal Council tells Cunchelkars not to worry about plant", "text": "MAPUSA: Plans for the Mapusa Municipal Council's (MMC) garbage treatment plant at Cunchelim will be taken forward only after building consensus among locals, and looking into the feasibility of the project, urban development minister and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza said.Cunchelim locals have opposed the MMC's plans to set up the plant in their village. They fear the problem of water contamination, pollution and spread of disease if it is allowed. The planned site is near a residential area.A delegation of Cunchelkars led by former MMC chairperson Prabhakar Vernekar and present councilor Ruhi Patre called upon D'Souza and discussed the problems that would ensure if the garbage plant is built at the the planned site. MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar was also present for the meeting.\"The MMC or government has not taken any decision regarding the garbage treatment plant at Cunchelim. We will take a decision only after taking the people into confidence,\" D'Souza said.\"The feasibility of the project will be studied, financially, \"he said. \"Small garbage treatment plants are not feasible,\" D'Souza said. The state government recently assured the state legislative assembly that steps are being taken to resolve the long-pending garbage imbroglio.\"The government will set up garbage treatment plants, one each in North Goa and South Goa. We will see if Mapusa's garbage can be managed at the North Goa plant,\" D'Souza added. MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said that the municipality has just acquired land and hasn't yet begun the process of setting up the plant at Cunchelim, and thus, people should not be worried.The MMC has acquired 32,000 sq m of land for the construction of the plant at Cunchelim, which was expected to be set up in the next two years. The municipality has spent 2.30 crore for the land acquisition and had made provisions of 47 lakh to construct the compound wall.Recently, when the construction work of the compound wall began, around 400 locals from Cunchelim gathered at the site to protest the setting up of the plant in their locality recently. According to locals, the proposed site has not been chosen wisely as it is surrounded by residential areas. They also said that the selected site is on a slope and is likely to affect ground water from the villages of Camurlim, Duler, Colvale and Cunchelim. The site is also near a temple, church and school.On an average, 15-20 tonnes of garbage is generated per day within the Mapusa municipal jurisdiction. Currently, garbage is disposed of at the Assagao plateau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16308258", "title": "Amazon smartphone in the works: Reports", "text": "LONDON: Amazon is reportedly planning to launch a mobile phone alongside updated versions of the Kindle Fire tablets and a new e-reader.Multiple reports suggest that Amazon is working on a smartphone that will run on a variant of the Kindle Fire's Android-based operating system.According to The Telegraph, the phone is said to be currently unfinished, and therefore, the announcement is not set to contain too many details.The launch will take place tonight, though details of the Kindle Fire have already been leaked out ahead of the event.Sources have claimed that the new Kindle Fire will have either a GPS chip or Wi-Fi based positioning system, which will make the mapping services possible.This will most likely include street maps as well as information about local businesses and perhaps even traffic updates, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16306361", "title": "Poojary condemns ABVP attack on girl", "text": "MANGALORE: Former union minister Janardhan Poojary has condemned the attack on a girl by ABVP members in Bellare of Sullia taluk.Talking to the reporters on Friday he alleged that ABVP members have forced students of various colleges to support the recent college bandh called by them. \"As per the directions of the Supreme Court bandhs should not be called. The act of ABVP calling for bandh is contempt of court,\" he added.When asked about the bandh called by the Youth Congress after the Homestay attack in Padil he said, \"I oppose even that bandh.\"He alleged that though ABVP members have assaulted the girl, the state government has not taken any action on them as it is the organization is the youth wing of the BJP. \"Recently the government has even decided to withdraw eight cases registered against ABVP members,\" he added.While talking about the coal scam he said the Prime Minister is ready to answer all allegations in the Parliament but the BJP is not allowing the Parliament to function.\"How can the BJP demand resignation of the Prime Minister, when he is not given any chance to clarify his stand,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16304542", "title": "10 hurt in clash", "text": "ALWAR: At least 10 people were injured during firing and stone hurling between two groups of people at a village near Bharatpur's Kumher town late on Thursday night. Police said the two groups were at loggerheads since the panchayat elections in which some dispute over casting of votes had taken place.According to police, the clash took place at Sabora village around 10 pm. \"Two gropus of people - one led by Udai Singh side and other by Narayan Singh - had clashed. The fight broke out when a youth abused some people from the opposite group in public. People tried to send him home; however, he started hurling stones,\" a police officer said.Soon, a large crowd of people from both sides gathered there. Some of them were armed with guns. They started firing in which 10 people were injured.\"One of the victims, Rinku, was referred to Jaipur due to serious bullet injuries, while others were admitted at RBM Hospital in Bharatpur. During preliminary investigations, it has come up that both sides had been involved in petty fights in the past. They had an animosity since the panchayat elections,\" the officer said.People from both the sides have lodged FIRs with the police; however, no one has been arrested so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304589", "title": "Sahar cops chase concrete evidence", "text": "MUMBAI: Sahar police have asked technical experts to collect samples of the slab and the staircase of a metro station being laid on September 4 when they collapsed in a bid to make a watertight case. They are also recording statements of the injured, other eyewitnesses and the fire brigade personnel who arrived after the accident.Police have claimed that the construction companies' inability to hand over technical reports has hampered probe and action in earlier accident cases. Since 2008, only two arrests have been made for accidents at infrastructure projects that have killed 10.\"The statements, evidence and technical report of the panel will be attached with the FIR copy at the time of submitting the chargesheet,\" said police inspector (investigating officer) Balasaheb Jadhav.A day after the accident, the Sahar police arrested civil engineer Sachin Valvekar (29) of Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) and site supervisor Kalicharan Patra (53) of Narendra Constructions for negligence leading to the death of one labourer, Umesh Sahoo. The duo got bail on Thursday.\"The engineer and the supervisor neglected basic safety measures. They did not use proper support while laying the slab. There was also no cover on top when it was raining,\" said investigators. They are looking at the role of others too.The spokesperson of the R Infra-led Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd (MMOPL), which has sub-contracted HCC, said they are waiting for the findings of the inquiry before proceeding against HCC. Action against the individuals who were arrested will be HCC's prerogative, sources said.Asked if any disciplinary action would be taken against its officials, the HCC spokesperson refused to comment till the investigation is over.MMRDA, the minority stakeholder in the project, put the onus of action on MMOPL and HCC.Pls ask Chittaranjan to add the government versionV Narayan &amp; Chittaranjan Tembhekar | TNNMumbai: The Sahar police are probing Tuesday's Metro mishap have started taking down statements of the eye-witnesses those injured and others who was present at the spot of incident. Cops are also on the process of collecting evidence to make the case watertight so that those who are responsible for the mishap will not be spared when the case comes up in the court.Police said that as part of the evidence collection, the investigators had asked the technical experts to take down the samples of the materials used in concretizing the slab. In the incident one was killed and 16 injured when the slab crashed immediately after it was laid around 4.50 pm on Tuesday.The very next day the Sahar police arrested the civil engineer Sachin Valvekar (29) of Hindustan Construction Company and site supervisor Kalicharan Patra (53) from Narendra Constructions after finding out that it is negligence approach that led to the incident. They were released on bail on Thursday.Sahar police inspector (investigating officer) Balasaheb Jadhav said that they have started taking down statements of the 16 survived labourers, fire brigades who cleared the debris from the spot, locals who witnessed the incident and employees of a Petrol pump which is situated in the close vicinity. \"The statements, evidence and technical report of the panel will be attached with the FIR copy at the time of submitting the chargesheet,\" said Jadhav.A local, who resides close to the spot of incident, said, \"What was need for the company to show so much hurry to carry out the work when it was heavily raining on September 4?\" \"The engineer and the supervisor neglected the basic safety measures to be taken while constructing the bridge. They did not use a proper stand to support the bridge while laying the slab. There was no cover on top when it was raining and this was the main reason the slab collapsed immediately after it was laid,\" said the investigators.Meanwhile the investigators are probing before making any more arrests in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304410", "title": "Clash row draws curtains on house session", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The 10-day monsoon session of the Odisha assembly ended on Friday, with the opposition and treasury benches creating ruckus over Thursday's violent clash between Congress workers and security personnel. Congress even threatened to move an impeachment motion against Speaker Pradip Amat in the next assembly session.As soon as the house assembled for the day, opposition Congress MLAs trooped to the well and rented the air with anti-government slogans and blaming the police for alleged atrocities on its workers. Not to outdone, the ruling BJD members took to their legs on the seats and showed placards, which among others, read: \"Congress goondaraj chaliba nahin (Congress goondaraj will not work).\"With chaos prevailing in the House and Congress legislators trying to climb on the Speaker's podium, the Speaker adjourned proceedings till 3 pm. This meant the Question Hour lasted for only six minutes.When the members reassembled, Congress members again protested and walked out. Amid the din, minister Ramesh Majhi laid 14 special reports of the Lokpal before Amat adjourned the House till 4 pm. Thereafter, the valedictory addresses were held and the curtains on the session were drawn. During the session, six Bills, including the Odisha Survey and Settlement Bill and the Odisha Right to Public Services Bill, were passed.Outside the assembly, Congress leaders criticized the Speaker for adjourning the house in the post-lunch session although the Congress members had walked out without making any demand for disruption of proceedings. \"The Speaker adjourned the house because the CM was sleeping and the valedictory addresses could not commence in the latter's absence. Such a thing had never happened before,\" Harichandan alleged, adding, \"We will move an impeachment motion against the Speaker in the next Assembly session.\"The Congress further came down heavily on the state government, particularly the police administration, for targeting Congress workers after failing to manage the large crowd that had gathered in response to the party's 'Assembly gherao' convention. \"Instead of deploying only OSAP and APR (armed police reserve) cops, why were security personnel trained to deal with extremists and terrorists deployed at the meeting venue?\" asked Harichandan, lambasting the police for the violence.BJD members, on their part, accused Congress of \"goondaism\" and perpetrating violence and hailed the police for exercising \"utmost restraint\". BJD MLAs also staged a demonstration near the statue of Mahatma Gandhi inside the Odisha Legislative Assembly premises blaming Congress for the violence.BJP's K V Singhdeo also condemned the violence and demanded strong action against the culprits in tune with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305247", "title": "Coalgate scam : Bhujbal received kickbacks from Manoj Jayaswal company, alleges BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP national general secretary Kirit Somaiya alleged that NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family had received kickbacks from the Manoj Jayaswal-headed Abhijeet group, which is under the CBI scanner. The CBI has registered an FIR against Jayaswal.Alleging that the Bhujbal family had deep financial ties with the Jayaswal group, Somaiya has asked the CBI to investigate the matter.Claiming that Abhijeet Infrastructure Private Ltd, which is another firm owned by the Jayaswal's group, was recently allotted a Rs 1,256 crore by the Bhujbal-led public works department (PWD) for road works in Akola, Waranga and Hingoli, the BJP leader claimed that the Bhujbals received kickbacks for the allotment through equity shares brought in Armstrong Energy Private (AEP) Ltd, which is a firm owned by the Bhujbal family.Somaiaya had earlier also claimed that the Bhujbals had received kickbacks in the Maharashtra Sadan controversy. Bhujbal rubbished the allegations. \"He (Somaiaya) has lost his mind. He first alleged that we had received kickbacks in the Maharashtra Sadan work. Now, he says we also received kickbacks in coal mine allotment. I would not be surprised if he links us to the 2G scam too,\" Bhujbal said.Claiming that the allegations were politically motivated, Bhujbal claimed that his family had not entered into a \"single paisa\" of financial transaction with the Jayaswal group. He said the contract for the road work in Akola, Waranga and Hingoli was yet to be allotted. \"Only tenders have been brought out,\" Bhujbal said.Somaiya alleged that AEP's was faking acquisition of coal mines in Singapore and Indonesia for a power plant in Nashik to rout the kickback money. Bhujbal's nephew Sameer, who runs AEP, however, said that a company was incorporated in Singapore after obtaining necessary permissions from the RBI. \"We are still in the process of acquiring coal mines as part of our expansion plans,\" he said.Somaiaya also submitted a list of 168 firms allegedly belonging to friends and families of Union ministers Sriprakash Jaiswal (coal), Subodh Kant Sahai (tourism) and Rajendra Darda (state education minister) and Vijay Darda (Congress MP) to the CBI. These he claimed established their links to the coal scam. He alleged that the coal minister had family ties with the Jayaswals, whereas Sahai had business links with the same group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305392", "title": "RMC closure notice to KFC", "text": "RANCHI: People of the city may have to face disappointment as the retail outlet of the multinational brand KFC has been asked to shut down.A letter has been issued by the urban development department to the Ranchi Municipal Corporation to close down KFC as it is running in an under-construction building. RMC CEO Deepankar Panda said, \"According to norms, an occupancy certificate has to be taken from the RMC before starting any commercial outlet anywhere.\" The main reason behind this compulsion is the safety of people. Before giving an occupancy certificate, the RMC checks if the building has adhered to fire safety norms and has rainwater harvesting system and other such systems or not. Panda said, \"A notice had been sent to KFC earlier about the matter too and we have again sent a notice to close down the outlet after receiving the letter.\" tnnGetting a letter of occupancy is much required especially for commercial buildings as many people visit such places and their life can be at risk if the place is not safe, Panda said. \"Apart from KFC, there are many other buildings in the city, including two nursing homes which have not taken occupancy certificate from RMC and a notice has been sent to them as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16305180", "title": "Saiesh wins Goa cook-off", "text": "MARGAO: Eighteen-year-old Aquem resident Saiesh Paigankar got himself a chance to realize his dreams of becoming a master chef when he won the Goa leg of 'IIHM Young Chef India Schools 2012' competition.Paigankar who beat 30 other contestants from as many schools in Goa will now fly to London along with seven other winners across India to London to participate in the final that will be judged by none other than the famous chef Gordon Ramsey and celebrity food production writer David Foskett.\"I always had a keen interest in cooking since Class V and I am very excited about this opportunity as in the future I want to become a chef,\" said Paigankar, who is a student of Ramnath Damodar's Education Trust.The first runners-up was Arthur Pereira from Fr Basil Andrade higher secondary school and the second runners-up was Desiree Braganca from Don Bosco high school and they were all felicitated on Friday at Indismart Woodbourne Resort &amp; Country Club in Nuvem.\"This exercise was aimed at bringing out the best talent in the field of culinary art and promote the industry by encouraging the youngsters to join the force,\" says Dr Suborno Bose, chairman, Indismart Group, parent company of IIHM Hotel Schools Worldwide. The competition, running across 28 states, was open to boys and girls of Class XII who had a passion for cooking. It leads towards the grand finale that carries a cash prize of 5 lakh to the winner, which is scheduled at the university of West London campus on September 25.There were eight city zones in the country including Kolkata, Delhi, Bangalore, Pune, Ahmedabad, Jaipur, and Guwahati which produced one winner each.The event saw preliminary rounds held across these zones which were judged by noted chefs from the hospitality industry , who rated the students on texture, taste, appearance, composition and overall appeal.The students were given two hours to prepare a main course with accompaniments and Paigankar prepared an Indian chicken curry dish along with a plate of jeera rice.\"This completion was a great opportunity and the first-ever-of-its-kind in India. It's a fantastic way to introduce youngsters to the field of culinary arts,\" said master chef Shaun Kenworthy, the director of culinary arts at the IIHM Hotel School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306552", "title": "Polythene ban doesn\u2019t effect \u2018apni mandis\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT's ban on polythene bags is of no effect in \"apni mandis\" and the vendors go on selling vegetables to people in these anti-biodegradable sachets. Tired of the lax attitude of the authorities in keeping a check on the misuse of the banned product, Chandigarh resident Amitpal Sharma faxed details to office of additional deputy commissioner Lalit Siwach, but there was no action. Sharma then uploaded the entire information to MC's Facebook page, and yet no action. Sharma said he faxed a copy on June 27 saying that \"the ban has not been implemented in apni mandis\".\"I sent them a reminder on July 25 but they never bothered. MC handles these mandis but does not care to keep up with the regulations. I have no idea if anybody checks the Facebook page either,\" he curtly remarked.Sharma said it was just once when he got a terse reply on his post: \"Your complaint has been sent to the concerned department\", and then nothing, he says. Some grimace showed up on Sharma's face when he said: \"Things remain the same and vendors go on doing their businesses, selling in polybags. This isn't good.\"When contacted, ADC Lalit Siwach denied being aware of any communication from Sharma, or any faxed material. He has, however, assured a check on the goings-on and strict action on defaulting vendors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303628", "title": "Use clay idols made of black soil", "text": "INDORE: Why not celebrate Ganesh festival without harming the environment? The Plaster of Paris (PoP) idols that are immersed in water bodies during the festival extravaganza contain harmful chemicals like lead, arsenic, chromium, to name a few which has an adverse impact not only on the environment but causes injurious diseases like cancer. Narmanda Samagra, an NGO working to clean Narmada has been providing free training for clay idol making that are eco- friendly in natureThe group reaches out to the schools and trains the students in making Ganesh idols made of clay. \"The sole purpose behind this venture is to spread awareness about the environment, while getting the children to participate in it\" said Ashok Patidar, manager of Narmada Samagra.Clay idols are made of black and yellow soil and the colours used are also eco-friendly. \"We use turmeric water, vegetable hues including other such materials to colour the idols,\" he added while on a visit to Malwa Girls School for training students in clay sculpture.Talking about the harmful impact of the PoP idols, Patidar said, \"These idols contain harmful chemicals that can cause grievous diseases like cancer. It is high time people started respecting the environment and do not engage in activities that are hazardous in nature.\"While the market of PoP idols is quite big and popular even, this group is doing its bit to make these eco friendly idols, find their right space. The NGO is on an inter-state venture for spreading environmental awareness.\"We plan to do training programmes at every school and in every district, covering the stretch of river Narmada.\" Narmada stretch runs from Amarkantak in the state to Bharuch in Gujarat. A total of 20 districts come within this stretch out of which 17 are in the state, Patidar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304022", "title": "School driver sodomizes 3-year-old boy", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-year-old boy was allegedly sodomized by the driver of his school van in south Delhi on Thursday morning. The 43-year-old driver committed the crime in the van itself while taking the child to his playschool located in INA Colony.The driver was arrested two hours after the assault was discovered by doctors in AIIMS who called in the cops. The boy's parents are both visually challenged. His father said the child complained of severe pain when he returned from school around 12.30pm.\"I initially thought that he was having a problem with his water bottle. Once home, he asked for his mother to come back, something he had never done before... He first said he was beaten up. When prodded repeatedly, he said that the driver used a pole to hurt him,\" said the father. The family rushed him to AIIMS. \"We arrested the accused based on the child's statement on Thursday,\" DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma said.'Boy was alone with driver for 10 minutes'\"The accused has owned up to the crime. We will ensure the cab driver receives maximum punishment. We have seized the van to collect forensic evidence. The child needs counseling and we will provide everything that can help him come out of this trauma,'' said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).The boy had joined the playschool in April this year. His father works in a nationalized bank while his mother is a central government employee.The father said the boy usually boarded the van with another child. \"On Thursday, this child was sick and did not attend school. My wife, who had gone to drop him, was surprised to find the van arriving at 8.50am, almost 10 minutes before scheduled time. My son was alone with the driver for more than 10 minutes before other children boarded the van,\" he said, adding that a different driver drops the children home after school.The father said he had hired the cab driver at the behest of the school principal. \"I had just admitted my child in the playschool when I found the accused sitting outside. The principal asked me to talk to him for bringing the child to school,\" said the father. More investigations are on, the police said.Times ViewThe frequency with which this kind of horrific incident occurs must shake us into doing something about it. When women working late at night were found to be vulnerable, we got norms on how they must be safeguarded on their way home from work. Today, there is a crying need for working out a similar system to keep little children safe on their way from home to school and back. The school authorities, parents and civil society at large must contribute in terms of ideas and the government obviously must do its bit. Clearly, there is need for some responsible adult overseeing the journey. How exactly this can be done is something we must all put our heads to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306673", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to spend Rs10 lakh for nutrition rally", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the state health department raising concerns over urban malnutrition, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has decided to spend close to Rs 10 lakh to organize a short nutrition awareness rally. It will begin at 9am on Sunday from Adaitya Ashram and end at Shahpur. The other rally will be held between Rakhial crossroads and Rakhial urban health center. The rallyIt plans to raise awareness among women about anaemia and importance of consuming green vegetables and cerealsthat are rich in proteins. Nursing and pregnant mothers too will be the focus of the rally. tnnof the awareness drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311205", "title": "GV's next in Bollywood", "text": "Young music composer G V Prakash, who is already earning a lot of praise for his Thaandavam, is also busy with Paradesi and Nimirindhu Nil and a few Tollywood projects as well.His last release Thaandavam was his 25th flick. This film saw hi coordinating with director Vijay, with whom he's already worked with in films like Deiva Thiirumagal.Meanwhile, he's also doing great in Bollywood where he jsut debuted. After Gangs of Wasseypur and Joker , the latest about the composer is that he's doing another flick titled Ugly . This film also sees him collaborating with director Anurag Kashyap. Let's see how this shapes up!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "india and pakistan need to move beyond a relationship dictated by the disputes the two countries have, pakistani foreign minister hina rabbani khar tells rajeev deshpande in an exclusive interview. excerpts", "code": "16307136", "title": "Hina Rabbani Khar: We don\u2019t want an identity as a country hostile to India", "text": "India and Pakistan need to move beyond a relationship dictated by the disputes the two countries have, Pakistani foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar tells Rajeev Deshpande in an exclusive interview. Excerpts:How would you see progress in the dialogue? Some feel talks have stagnated.I think this is a cynical approach. The commitment of the political leadership of this country is to move the India-Pakistan relationship beyond a relationship dictated by the disputes the two countries have. Now, the dialogue process is continuing with Krishna arriving in Islamabad . I would say that for 65 years, we have tried everything else which clearly has not worked.Can this change?Let me tell you the messages Pakistan has sent to India. First has been that we as a country are capable of moving beyond, ready to take bold steps in a positive direction. We believe that bold steps create the space for more bold steps.When you speak of moving on, there is 26/11. A speedy trial will be seen as a big CBM.It is not in our interest to let that fester into an issue. However, there is a judicial process. If you doubt our intentions, look at the case of Samjhauta Express... then maybe you will stop doubting our intentions.Will tomorrow's meeting see progress on issues like easier visa regimes?I certainly see some of that happening and I hope we are able to achieve more than that.Pakistan is headed for elections, how much room for diplomacy does that leave you with?This is part of the process. The Pakistani point of view is that there is broad political consensus. When I went to Delhi, PM Gilani (at the time) had spoken to each of the political leaders. Right wing, Left wing, middle of the road.India is a much larger country, it is even more pluralistic, India is even a stronger democracy. We don't want Pakistan to be identified by hostility to India in the international arena.Finally, is the Pakistan army on board the peace process with India?Yes. Absolutely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16306461", "title": "SC directs CBI to probe Karnataka mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming down heavily on the Karnataka government for allowing export of 50.79 lakh tonnes of illegally mined iron ore through the Belekeri port in Goa, the Supreme Court on Friday asked CBI to investigate the matter saying inquiries by its police did not inspire confidence.Before the court asked the CBI to take over probe into the transport of illegally mined iron ore from Bellary to Belekeri port, 400 km away, Karnataka government objected to Central Empowered Committee's remark that a CBI probe was necessary because the state police's CB-CID probe did not inspire confidence. \"It will throw a cloud on the working of CB-CID,\" senior advocate Raju Ramachandran complained.Asking the state not to be too sensitive about it, a bench of Justices Aftab Alam, K S Radhakrishnan and Swatanter Kumar said, \"Look at your conduct. Fifty lakh tonnes of illegally mined iron ore requiring five lakh truck trips for transportation to Belekeri continued right under the nose of everyone. Can anyone imagine that the authorities, from the lowest to the highest, were not aware of it?\"And you say the inquiry by the CB-CID will inspire confidence? The person in-charge of the CB-CID must be aware of what was happening when it was happening. It is a case of fence eating the grass.\" The bench accepted the CEC report which suspected official-mining mafia nexus in the blatant breach of every possible law and rules for the export of illegally mined iron ore.Accepting amicus curiae Shyam Divan's suggestions, the court ordered the CBI to conduct an \"intense and comprehensive\" probe into brazen flouting of rules in the transportation of 50 lakh tonnes of illegally mined iron ore from Bellary to Belekeri port and their surreptitious export despite a part of the ore being seized by the forest department and the port authority.In a hard-hitting report laying bare the deep-rooted official-mining mafia nexus, the CEC through secretary M K Jiwrajika said, \"Transportation of such a huge quantity of iron ore involving more than 5 lakh truck trips could not have been possible without the active connivance of the concerned officers and other public servants.\"Accepting the CEC report, the court ordered the CBI to lodge an FIR on \"all aspects of illegalities associated with raising, transportation, sale and purchase, storage and disposal of about 33.98 lakh tonnes of iron ore exported from January 1, 2009 to May 31, 2010 by four exporters - ILC Industries Ltd (9.68 lakh tonnes), Dream Logistics Company (India) Pvt Ltd (9.16 lakh tonnes), S B Logistics (7.74 lakh tonnes) and Shree Mallikarjuna Shipping Pvt Ltd (7.23 lakh tonnes) from Belekeri and consequent receipt/transfer of money within, outside the country\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16306367", "title": "There is money, but no action plan in place", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The state government has released Rs 15 crore for providing basic amenities in Naxal-infested areas in Sringeri, Koppa and Mudigere taluks, but the work is yet to begin as the district administration has failed to chalk out an action plan.The taluks are granted Rs 5 crore each which is to be used for providing water, laying roads, constructing foot bridges and hanging bridges and for illuminating their huts and roads with solar lamps. The government has asked the deputy commissioner to keep the grants in his account and release it when he receives a completion certificate for the works.While releasing the money, the government had instructed the district administration to prepare an action plan and take up the works in September. But this has not been done.When TOI spoke to villagers in the areas, they said their major demand was for a good communication system. The villages here continue to get marooned during monsoon as number of rivulets surface during rain every year. The villagers are forced to stay confined to their villages as it is difficult to wade through the gushing water. Given this, their immediate demand is for the construction of foot bridges across small rivulets and hanging bridges across rivers and big perennial rivulets.Their other pressing demands are regular water supply to their hamlets through pipes or building of cisterns. They also want roads to be laid at least for the use or two-wheelers.Many villagers also felt officers kept them in the dark about development projects. They suggested that a meeting be convened with villagers before taking up any project, so that its necessity can be ascertained before going ahead.A committee comprising officers, panchayat members and village heads should be formed and details of each project must be made known to people. Villages in remote areas should be provided with solar streetlights, so that barring the monsoon, the streets are lit during the remaining eight months of the year.As per the list released by the government, there are 250 villages in the three taluks - 158 in Sringeri alone, 57 in Koppa and 35 in Mudigere. Each village will be granted Rs 6 lakh for its development.When TOI contacted zilla panchayat chief executive officer Shivashankar, he said they are yet to finalize the action plan and are collecting details about the projects that need to be taken up in each of the villages. \"The deputy commissioner will soon hold a meeting and based on the information provided by the village panchayats, an action plan will be prepared,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16308371", "title": "We gave it everything: Leander Paes", "text": "NEW YORK: He missed out on a third US Open men's doubles title but Indian tennis star Leander Paes was far from dejected as he insisted that he and his Czech partner Radek Stepanek gave all that they had in the final clash against champions Mike and Bob Bryan.Fifth seeds Paes and Stepanek lost 6-3 6-4 to the second-seeded Bryan brothers in the summit clash on Friday.Paes was equally complimentary of both his partner and his opponent.\"Even though we got beaten today by one of the greatest teams of all time, my team and Radek's team came out and brought everything they had to this tournament,\" Paes said.\"I can guarantee you we will be giving it everything we have every single day for the rest of the year,\" he added.Paes felt the Bryans produced a magical performance to clinch the title.\"These guys always bring magic to the court,\" said 39-year-old. \"But we put it on the line today and we will come back and keep doing it.\"Paes has won two US Open men's doubles title in 2006 (with Martin Damm) and 2009 (with Lukas Dlouhy), as well as a mixed doubles title in 2008 (with Cara Black).The win was a measure of revenge for the Bryans who lost to Paes-Stepanek in the finals of the Australian Open earlier this year.\"I think they started really well,\" Stepanek said. \"They were all over our serve from the beginning and making life very difficult for us out there. They were the better team today, so they deserve the win.\"The Bryan brothers won their previous US Open titles together in 2005, 2008 and 2010. In addition, Bob has won four US Open mixed doubles title while Mike has one to his name.The brothers will now head to Spain with the rest of the US Davis Cup team to do battle next weekend against David Ferrer and the rest of the Spanish Cup team in a semifinal tie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303337", "title": "Sarojini Naidu college flouts norms", "text": "BHOPAL: The Govt Sarojini Naidu autonomous PG college organized a freshers' party in the college campus on Friday, defying the guidelines of Madhya Pradesh higher education department about curbing practice of ragging in colleges and organizing freshers' parties.The higher education department guidelines prohibit students and colleges from holding any kind of freshers' party \"anywhere inside or outside the campus''.The function organized at the Sarojini Naidu college was an official function of which the college authorities were also a part of it.When TOI drew the attention of the college registrar Dr BP Tiwari about the issue, he said, \"I have no idea about such directives. Let me check, only then would I be able to comment.\"The Barkatullah University's registrar, Dr Sanjay Tiwari had categorically stated that the freshers' party is strictly prohibited in the university campus. \"Even before the guidelines were issued, we had made our campus a no freshers' party zone,\" Tiwari said.Around 350 colleges are affiliated to Barkatullah University in eight districts of the state.On being asked about the guidelines over freshers' party, students of Nutan College gave mixed reactions. \"Freshers' party is a welcome party for newcomers and there is a need to be friendly with the juniors. But these days, such parties have taken the shape of fashion shows\", said a college student.Another student said, \"The very purpose of freshers' party is to welcome the newcomers in a friendly atmosphere. We do not rag the juniors but only interact with them and try to befriend them.\"The higher education department issued the anti-ragging guidelines on July 30, earlier this year. Issuing the guidelines on its official website, the department stated that \"the freshers and junior students are hereby instructed that they should move in groups within the academic campus. Students should not respond to the calls from seniors and they should not also participate in any kind of freshers' party anywhereinside or outside the campus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306852", "title": "Blacklisting of AP firm quashed", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court, in a recent verdict, remarked that everything is not fair in the animal and fishery resources department, which gave only 10 days' time to a Hyderabad-based public sector company, Indian Immunological Company, a subsidiary of National Dairy Development Board, to supply Foot and Mouth Disease (FMD) vaccine to 38 districts of Bihar.A single bench presided over by Justice J N Singh on August 31 allowed the writ petition of Indian Immunological Company and quashed the February 23, 2011, order of the department blacklisting the company.The petitioner had challenged the department's order on the ground that the government memo dated January 5, 2011, which the company received only on January 7, 2011, directed it to supply FMD vaccine by January 16, 2011, which was not possible.Petitioner's counsel, Naresh Dikshit, submitted his company was the lowest bidder for supply of FMD vaccine worth about Rs 200 crore, for which the last date of submission of tender was July 29, 2010. The company was given very little time for vaccine supply, against 60 days needed by it to supply the first batch of vaccine. Later, acting in haste, the animal and fishery resources department served a show-cause notice on the company on January 31, 2011 for non-supply of the vaccine within the stipulated time. On February 23, 2011, the company was blacklisted and the supply order given to the second lowest bidder, the counsel submitted. Thus, the petitioner company was deprived of the order.In its counter-affidavit, the animal and fishery resources department submitted that when the petitioner failed to supply the vaccine within the stipulated time, the work order was issued to the second lowest bidder and the latter had without any agreement supplied the vaccine in time.Delivering the verdict, Justice J N Singh observed that it appeared that at some stage, there was an attempt in the department to oust the petitioner from the purchase process and induct another firm. With this, the bona fide of government officials comes under cloud, which may be a matter of inquiry. Since they were not personally called upon to explain their conduct, \"the court refrains from making any further observation and leaves it for consideration by the appropriate authority,\" Justice Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305389", "title": "Government sanctions 90-crore hospital budget", "text": "RANCHI: A budget of Rs 90 crore was approved for the Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS) on Friday for the coming five financial years including 2012-13.\"We have approved the budget for the coming five financial years till 2017 of which the budget allotted for this financial year 2012-13 is Rs 15 crore. We discussed the projects under the plan head which include 16 items and a committee has also been set up to monitor this. Apart from this budgetary allocation, if the institute requires any other financial assistance we are ready to help them,\" said health minister Hemlal Murmu who was present at the meeting along with principal secretary K Vidyasagar.The minister also said, \"To run a dental college, the equipment required including dental chair will also be provided. We have sanctioned Rs 4.5 crore for the proper functioning of the dental colleges.\"The matter of regularization of staff and nurses also came up in the general body meeting. \"This issue requires the RIMS to be autonomous first for which guidelines are being prepared. Once it gets ready, only we can work on the regularization issue,\" said Murmu.He said the regulation for the para-medical staff had not been made till now. It's in the final stage and expected to get the cabinet nod by the end of this month.On the availability of generic medicines, the health minister directed RIMS director Tulsi Mahto to ensure the opening of shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16305071", "title": "Anti-reservation protests spill on streets, offices shut", "text": "NOIDA: The ongoing protests against promotion in reservation saw hundreds of government employees from Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway - barring those engaged in emergency duties - coming out in open support of the state-wide employees' agitation. Encouraged by the government's support, members of the umbrella body of striking employees - Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti (SHSS) - boycotted work for the third consecutive day in Gautam Budh Nagar.Demonstrators joined a protest rally and walked nearly 4kms from Noida entry gate near Sector 14A to the city magistrate's office in Sector 6, where they presented a memorandum to the official strongly condemning the bill for quotas in promotions for SC/STs.With the protests against quota in promotion spreading like wildfire, most employee unions in the district came together on Friday to protest the Cabinet decision, calling it 'arbitrary as well as dangerous'. The agitation hit functioning of the government offices in various departments. Employees of the three authorities of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna expressway, the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation, district education, irrigation and agriculture departments, Uttar Pradesh Udyog Vyapar Sangathan, PWD and Jal Nigam participated in the rally on Friday afternoon to voice their opposition to the bill.Shouting slogans against the bill, the protestors came down heavily on political parties supporting the bill for betraying the people of the district. Union leaders exhorted political parties to include the issue in their respective election manifestos and move ahead only after getting the views of the people. \"Parties should make clear announcements in their poll manifestoes about their intentions if they support such bills so that the public is aware,\" said DK Jain, convenor for SHSS, Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad.OP Pandey, spokesperson and general secretary said that their aim to take to the streets was to get their voices of dissent hear in the parliament. \"This bill is regressive and needs to be immediately revoked,\" Pandey said.Among the worst affected departments were offices of the PWD and UPPCL, which have remained shut for three consecutive days.Sections of government employees, however, maintained that the decision to introduce reservations in promotions was long overdue. Secretary, UP Arakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, AK Dohare said that they would meet in Lucknow on September 9 to decide future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16304947", "title": "Stop all dump mining, Centre tells Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Union government on Friday wrote to the Goa government directing it to restrict activities for removal of minerals from dumps located outside the lease areas.The letter came after the Justice MB Shah Commission of inquiry on illegal mining report was tabled in the Lok Sabha.Under secretary (mines) Anil Subramanian stated in the letter that dumping of overburden, waste/rejects of minerals and any subsequent working of mineral dumps should be done only with proper permission and approval of the Indian Bureau of Mines and after obtaining clearance from the concerned state government department.\"The recommendation of Shah Commission has been accepted by the government and the ministry of mines is strongly of the view that the state government of Goa should immediately restrict all activities for removal of mineral from dumps located outside the lease areas till an appropriate mechanism is evolved and central government approval is obtained,\" Subramanian wrote. He also requested that suitable orders be issued to ensure strict compliance.\"The state government may consider and initiate suitable action on other recommendations of the Shah Commission of inquiry and furnish an action taken report in the matter,\" Subramanian wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16306997", "title": "Conversion to metric system will empower commuters", "text": "Running meters on the obsolete mile system is like giving unscrupulous drivers a free hand to cheat passengers. An overwhelming majority of commuters calculates distances in kilometres; so it's much easier for them to spot irregularities in distance or fare calculations if the meters run on the basis of the metric system. The mile system is as obsolete as the 16-annas-make-up-a-rupee system and should just be scrapped.Related story:  Commuter group agrees to 1 hike for autos, cabs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305469", "title": "People from Northeast start returning to Pune", "text": "PUNE: Students, workers as well as working professional from the northeast - who had left the city during the exodus in August, have started to return to Pune, albeit in small numbers.Sources in city-based security firms, which had lost a considerable chunk of their staff to the exodus, have said that a majority of the NE security guards have returned and been accommodated. Some sources in the restaurant industry, however, said that their NE staff is yet to return, and will be accommodated if they have not been replaced yet.No special trains have been arranged for those who are returning, said Y K Singh, public relation officer of Central Railways, Pune railway division. \"They are returning in the Azad Hind Express, which arrives at Pune station at around 6:30-7 am. Since they reach Pune early in the morning, it is difficult to gauge how many have come back,\" Singh said.Northeast students' Interim Forum convener, Rock Lungleng, said, \"Most of the students have come back. Rough estimates say that there were hardly 100-200 NE students among all those who had left. The rest were working professionals and workers. More than 50-60 students may have come back and the rest are expected to be back by September end.\"Thotngachan Khongreiwo of the Naga Students' Union said that it was difficult to estimate how many from the northeast have come back to Pune. \"We do know that many students have come back and are already attending colleges as their examinations are imminent,\" he said. Thotngachan confirmed that of all those who had left, most were working professionals and workers.Meghalaya power minister A T Mondal, who was recently in Pune as part of a goodwill visit, said, \"We are in touch with the parents and guardians of students in the northeast and have told them that it is safe for their children to return to Pune. It is difficult to give the exact number of students who have returned to Pune.We have, however, asked the students who are returning to register with our department, which will help us develop a mechanism to keep track of their numbers. We would also start online registrations by next week.\"Peimingam A Zimik, president of Naga Students' Union, said, \"We have heard that students are coming back now. Though it is difficult to give an exact number of Nagaland students that had left, rough estimates say that about 5% of the total Naga students in Pune had left. We feel that 3% of them have now come back. We are organizing a sports event on September 28, which would help us know for sure about the number of students that have returned.\"Another representative of the Interim Forum said that the students were mostly coming in small groups or pairs. \"Five of my friends from Meghalaya have come back. Another three came back last week, while three more are expected soon,\" he said.Meanwhile, security firms now have majority of their personnel from NE back. Gautam Giri, director of a city-based security firm, said, \"My company had lost at least 100-odd personnel to the exodus. They were mostly from Assam , Manipur and Nagaland. Twenty per cent of positions were thus left vacant. All of them are now back and have been re-recruited,\" he said.Another security firm had lost 20-25 personnel from NE to the exodus. \"A majority of them are back and have been accommodated. The only difference is that a guard, who was earlier deployed at one site, has now been shifted to another,\" said a source from the firm. He added that the personnel came back as they now feel that the city is safe.Eight to nine per cent of the total number of personnel at another security firm belonged to the NE. \"Only 30% of them had left. They are now back and have been accommodated,\" said Sukhdeep Singh, director of the security firm.John Cheng, the owner of a Chinese restaurant in Aundh and Lullanagar, had 40% of his staff leave the city with the exodus. He said that none of them have come back. \"We have filled half the vacant slots. Thus, if the old staff comes back, I would only be able to offer them a few of the positions,\" said Cheng.Nilesh Kolapkar from one of the eateries in Koregaon Park said that 15 of his 20 northeast staff had left in the exodus. \"Ninety per cent said that they would come back. Half of them will come back in mid-September, and the rest by September end,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "16304286", "title": "Tragedy strikes anganwadi again", "text": "ANGUL: Two children of an anganwadi centre in Angul district died in a freak accident on Friday. They drowned in a rainwater-filled pit dug near their anganwadi centre. The children are Priyanka Dash (3) and Monalisa Naik (4) of Tentulihata village within Banarapala police limits, 20 km from here.The incident comes two months after seven children of an anganwadi centre were killed in Nayagarh district when rain-soaked brick wall of the centre fell on them while they were having their mid-day meals. The state government has started a drive to review the safety of anganwadi centres across the state after the mishap.Friday's incident came to light when some school students saw the bodies of the children floating in the trench close to the anganwadi centre. The 5-ft deep pit have been dug for construction of a new building for the Tentulihata primary school on whose premises the anganwadi centre is located.As the news of the death spread, hundreds of villagers gathered in the school campus and demanded stern action against those responsible for the incident. \"The toddlers probably slipped into the water-filled pits accidentally oblivious of the fact that these may be death traps for them,\" said Prasanta Kumar Naik, a villager.The villagers faulted the teachers of the school. \"The teachers of the Tentulihata primary school were responsible for the incident as they left the trench open. They should be punished for their carelessness,\" said Hadibandhu Naik, another resident of the village.The district administration has ordered a probe into the deaths. \"We are investigating the matter. Action will be taken against anyone found guilty,\" said sub-collector Sudarshana Parida.Out of the 71,000 anganwadi centres in the state, more than 20,000 are functioning from primary schools. While only 30,000 have their own buildings, others are running from rented premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhadrak", "code": "16304277", "title": "Farmers slam government for insurance gaffe", "text": "BHADRAK: Farmers in Bhadrak district are up in arms against the district administration for allegedly using erroneous parameters of crop-cutting method for crop-insurance under Rashtriya Krishi Bima Yojana. The district administration, which had surveyed 94 panchayat s badly hit by natural calamities during the 2011 Kharif season, has now restricted the benefits to farmers of 64 panchayats only.More than 10,000 farmers belonging to over 30 other panchayats, including Chandbali, Tihidi, Bhandaripokhari and Dhamnagar, have argued that since the parameters fixed by the district statistical office are erroneous, a fresh enquiry be made into the entire issue.\"We are shocked at the district administration's decision to exclude our areas from the purview of crop-insurance benefit even after heavy losses because of floods. The information provided by the district statistics office for fixing the fresh yield quantity for our block using the crop-cutting method is arbitrary,\" rued Sanjay Das, a farmer of Madhapur area in Chandbali Block.Responding to the accusations, deputy director of regional agricultural office of Bhadrak Prasanta Behera explained, \"The crop loss report of a panchayat is prepared with the help of crop-cutting method done randomly in the total cultivated area of the panchayat, and by taking into account the statistical record of the fresh yield and the average yield of the concerned panchayat. If the average yield is less than the fresh yield, then farmers of the block concernedare entitled to the insurance scheme.\"After the field enquiry was over, the crop loss report was approved at the panchayat level and was passed on to the district level jointly by the statistical and agricultural officials. Around Rs 32 crore have been allotted to the Bhadrak district under the crop-insurance scheme to compensate farmers affected by natural calamities in 2011. Around 33,000 farmers in six blocks will benefit under this scheme, he added.However, the district statistical officer remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303598", "title": "Khushlani gets guest drive at Silverstone", "text": "NEW DELHI: The European leg of the JK Racing Asia Series will continue at the historical Silverstone circuit in England. The fourth round of the JK Racing Asia Series will be held on September 8 and 9 at Silverstone, where it will run alongside the British GT Championship.After providing exposure to Indian driver Aditya Patel in rounds two and three in France and Belgium respectively, JK Racing series will give youngster Akhil Khushlani a guest drive this weekend. The fourth round was earlier scheduled to be hosted in Singapore but later shifted to Silverstone.Khushlani was a part of the series in 2009 when it was known as the Formula BMW. He has an impressive track record with two podium finishes and top five finishes in over 12 races in the Formula BMW Series. Khushlani was among the few drivers who got a drive during the JK Racing Series support race to the inaugural Indian Grand Prix at the Buddh International Circuit last year.Khushlani replaces Patel, whose application for the UK visa was rejected even after repeated visits to the embassy. A similar incident last month resulted in Sailesh Bolisetti, winner of the inaugural season of JK Tyre-VW Polo R Cup 2010 and current driver for Team Lotus Sport at the British GT Championship, sitting out of the championship.The 22-year-old Khushlani has been a part of the JK Tyre Motorsport programme wherein he has graduated from their national karting and racing championships to Asian and European levels of racing.The Hyderabad driver finished fifth at the World Karting Championships 2005 held at Langkawi, Malaysia, and was the first Indian to do so in a motorsports world championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16306681", "title": "Twist in Christian Medical College ragging drama", "text": "LUDHIANA: In another twist in the ragging allegation case in one of the hostels of Christian Medical College (CMC), the college has denied that any such incident had occurred on the campus.Former warden of Ross hostel Dr Robert James has alleged in his complaint to CMC administration that senior students and members of the students council had ragged new batch students in the garb of an orientation programme and misbehaved with him, but there hasn't been any such complaint by the juniors themselves.James said he had submitted a written complaint against two boys from the students council to principal Dr S M Bhatti and to the governing body, but nobody paid heed to his complaint. \"I then reported the ragging issue, which happened on July 25, to the senior administration members, but the students faced no action at all,\" he added.The management, however, is surprised why James brought the matter up after he was relieved from the responsibility of warden on September 5.CMC principal Dr S M Bhatti told TOI, \"The boys had gathered for a formal orientation programme at the hostel, which was mistaken by Dr Robert as an act of ragging.\" Bhatti added, \"Moreover, Dr Robert had some personal issues regarding his promotion and his complaint is just a weapon to force the management to kneel down to his requirements.\"There have been no complaints by the juniors about any sort of ragging as mentioned by James in his complaint letter to the authorities, said Bhatti. James' letter also mentions that he was threatened by senior CMC officials that he will be chucked out permanently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308386", "title": "Venkatesh to resume shooting for Shadow", "text": "After a brief hiatus, the next schedule of 'Victory' Venkatesh-starrer Shadow will commence from September 15 in Hyderabad. Director Meher Ramesh will be filming action episodes and talkie part scenes on Venkatesh and other support cast in this schedule, which will last till October 1. The film was already shot in the locales of Hyderabad, Mumbai and Malaysia and has completed major shooting part.Venkatesh plays an underworld don in the movie, which is touted to be an all-out masala entertainer. Apparently Venkatesh is playing a character that has multiple shades in the movie. Taapsee Pannu is paired opposite Venky in the lead role while Srikanth and Madhurima are also essaying important roles. Shadow is produced by Paruchuri Kireeti under the United Productions banner. The film has soundtrack provided by Thaman. Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan have written the script for this film, which is slated for release in January 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310418", "title": "Threat letter warns blast at 7pm on any day", "text": "MUMBAI: The two-page anonymous letter received to blow off vital installations situated in Chembur and Trombay localities mentioned that the explosive have been set to go off at 7pm on any day.The threat letter was received by the Chembur police on August 14. The anonymous sender warned that three youngsters from Vasmat village of Aurangabad are planning to plant an explosives-laden car on the roadside close by Jama Sweets in Chembur to blow off the vital installations - BARC, HPCL and BPCL -- in Chembur and Trombay localities.Investigators found out that the letter's origin is from Chembur. \"The sender of the anonymous threat letter has put it in a post box in Chembur's jurisdiction. This was confirmed by the Chembur post office seal on the stamp of the letter,\" said a senior police officer. \"In the letter the miscreant had warned the blast will occur at 7pm on any day. The post seal is not clear but it is noticed that the sender has posted the letter in Chembur and has not come from outside,\" said the officer.The officer said it could be possible someone may have tried to create problem. But they are not taking the threat warning lightly. The officer said that the police stations falling in Chembur and Trombay locality receives atleast 2-3 threat calls in a week warning to blow off the vital installations.State ATS Chief Rakesh Maria confirmed about the letter and said that they are in the process to track down the miscreant who sent the threat letter. \"Hundreds of threat calls and letters are received every year by different agencies in the state and it turns out false. But we cannot take such threat calls or letters lightly. Investigations are on,\" said Maria.Meanwhile security has been stepped up at the two major oil refineries after the warning about a possible terror strike. \"Security has been intensified for the last 20 odd days in and around the Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited refineries following specific information about a possible terror attack and the BARC,\" said the police officer who is part of the investigation.Police said that the security to these installations is provided by the CISF in coordination with state police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305418", "title": "Para teachers to intensify stir for wage demand", "text": "RANCHI: Over 88,000 para teachers of the state, who have been on an indefinite strike demanding regularization of jobs and demonstrated near the state assembly on the first day of the monsoon session of the assembly on August 28, are now planning to intensify their protest.Secretary of the Jharkhand State Para Teachers' Association (JSPTA) Bajarang said, \"We will conduct a meeting on September 10 after which we will take out motorcycle procession in every district. From September 15 to 20, the para teachers will close all the schools in their respective districts and will burn effigies of HRD minister Baidyanath Ram and chief minister Arjun Munda.\"After September 27, the para teachers of other districts will come to Ranchi and will start blocking the roads if the government does not fulfil their demands, said Bajrang.JSPTA chairperson Vinod Tiwari said, \"We have been working since 2002, but still we have not been regularized nor have our salaries been increased. If the new bill is implemented, we will get many facilities and a wage hike too.\"Almost 88,000 para teachers of the state are not working since August affecting almost two lakh children of primary and secondary schools but their demands are still unheard. The para teachers are demanding implementation of para teachers' service condition bill since many months.Minister Ram said the para teachers should first return to work. He said, \"The matter is now in the hands of the chief minister. There is no point playing with the future of the children.\"During the assembly session, Munda formed a two-member committee comprising HRD secretary and development commissioner to obtain the para teachers' service condition bill of other states and draft a bill for Jharkhand by September 25. Bajarang said, \"We will withdraw the strike only if we get a written assurance from the government that the bill will be drafted by September 25. Otherwise our protest will become more aggressive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16311729", "title": "Apple iPhone 5 to feature 'next-gen' 4G", "text": "LONDON: Tech giant Apple's new iPhone 5 will work on the fastest wireless networks around the world, including in the US, Europe and Asia, though it may vary among different mobile carriers.The phone will have an advanced technical capability of LTE (Long Term Evolution) wireless network that would give all phone carriers a chance to sell their fastest data services to Apple's base of iPhone customers.Smartphone makers, including market leader Samsung Electronics, have already begun offering LTE phones globally, achieving a selling point that Apple has lacked so far, the Wall Street Journal reports.LTE technology is much more fragmented than the previous third-generation wireless technology, making it more difficult to make LTE phones that work seamlessly around the world.Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone, which will also have a slightly larger screen, at a press event in San Francisco on September 12. Analysts have widely expected the new phone to support LTE, the report said.Apple officials said that it isn't likely to work with all carriers' LTE networks in all countries, though it wasn't clear which ones would be left out, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303756", "title": "Pak national arrested in forgery case", "text": "INDORE: A Pakistani national illegally residing in Krantikriplani Nagar has been arrested for trying to procure Indian citizenship with the help of forged documents.Annapurna police station inspector G S Charad said the accused Rajkumar Das, son of Santram Das, had come to India with a valid passport in 2007. His passport was about to expire in 2013.Meanwhile, he obtained a voter ID allegedly with the help of forged documents. Charad said that any non-Indian who comes on passport for a limited period, is not eligible to get citizenship here in the country.\"Police got the information that a Pakistani national was residing here on fake documents,\" he said, adding that the cops went to verify and found that the information was correct. Police arrested him under the Section 420 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16306081", "title": "Displaced residents demand compensation", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The commencement of work on the Kothi approach road, which has been hanging fire for the last 14 years, was stalled on Friday as people affected by the project blocked M K Muneer, the minister for social welfare and panchayats, from inaugurating it.The function witnessed tension for a brief period owing to the protest by beneficiaries of the special package who demanded that the package of Rs 2.75 crore promised to them be disbursed before the work commenced. The standoff was resolved after Muneer said the money would be given to the 46 affected families within three weeks.Though the construction of the Kothi Bridge was completed 14 years ago, the absence of an approach road has made the bridge useless. Irked by the delay in constructing the road, two years ago people erected an iron ladder to help people climb up to the bridge and the main road.The rehabilitation package for 94 displaced families was drawn up by the previous corporation council. The civic body has already provided land to these families at Chamundivalappu where it has constructed houses for them. The state government had agreed for a special package for another 46 families with each family getting Rs four lakh.\"The government had agreed to give the money three months after we shifted out. Though we moved out, the government didn't keep its promise, and this forced us to block the work,\" said V P Haris, who handed over 3.5 cents of land for the construction of the road.Dr Muneer said the state cabinet had already approved the Kothi special package. The fund will be allotted from the government's land acquisition fund. \"It will be allotted within three weeks,\" he said,Mayor A K Premajam and district collector K V Mohan Kumar urged the people to cooperate with the construction work. Councillors P V Avaran, Musafir Ahmmed, Abdulla Koya and action committee representative Melady Narayanan also attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16311364", "title": "It's time for India, Pak to show greater understanding: Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari has said the time has come for India and Pakistan to show greater understanding of each other's concerns and sensitivities and to \"move beyond reiteration of their positions to more substantive results\" in the peace process. Finding amicable and just solutions to resolve outstanding issues was important for Pakistan and India to ensure lasting peace and stability in the region, he said.Zardari made the remarks during his meeting with visiting external affairs inister S M Krishna at the presidency last night.Zardari \"emphasised that it was time for the two countries to move beyond reiteration of their positions to more substantive results,\" presidential spokesman Farhatullah Babar said.\"Showing greater understanding of each other's concerns and sensitivities would help in the solutions of mutual issues,\" Zardari said.He further said the two countries \"must not allow the derailment of the normalisation process.\"In this regard, Zardari suggested the revival of the Joint Anti-Terrorism Mechanism comprising representatives of the foreign ministries, home and interior ministries and intelligence agencies of the two countries.Multifaceted cooperation between the two sides is imperative for socio-economic development of people and to cope with the \"common enemy\" of terrorism, he said.Pointing to the need to fight terrorism jointly, Zardari said Pakistan \"stood resolute to fight it till the finish.\"Zardari renewed his call for India and Pakistan to make determined efforts for \"friendly, cooperative and good neighbourly relations\" and for \"treading the path of productive and result-oriented dialogue.\"Zardari called for exchange of visits of businessmen and Zardari called for exchange of visits of businessmen and entrepreneurs to enhance bilateral trade. He said frequent interactions of the leadership of the two countries will help provide impetus to efforts for ensuring peace and creating better understanding on various issues.\"We have great respect for Mrs Sonia Gandhi and hold Dr Manmohan Singh in high esteem. We appreciate (the Indian) Prime Minister's vision for peace in South Asia,\" he said.Pakistan has an abiding interest in promoting regional peace and stability that would enable people to exploit \"enormous opportunities available in South Asia,\" the President remarked. In a separate meeting with Krishna, Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf expressed confidence that bilateral relations will improve and move forward \"as we have set a direction.\"Noting that both countries desire good relations, Ashraf said: \"We must learn from the past. We cannot change neighbours.\" \"No doubt Kashmir, Siachen, Sir Creek and other issues need to be resolved\" but we need to have a positive approach to resolve them, he said.Ashraf too said terrorism is a \"common enemy\" of both countries. He said there is political consensus in Pakistan on having good relations with India.Ashraf also extended an invitation to the Indian Prime Minister to visit Pakistan.Krishna told Ashraf that India is \"committed to the stability, peace and prosperity of Pakistan,\" said a statement issued by the Premier's office.He said he agreed with the Premier's assessment that the current atmosphere between the two countries was good and added that both sides \"need to create the right kind of atmosphere for creating a feel good factor.\" Krishna further said both Ashraf and Manmohan Singh hail from the same region and this would help solve issues that haunt the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306856", "title": "No eye bank in Bihar yet", "text": "PATNA: The eye donation week (August 25-Sept 8) passed like every year but the state government is yet to think of opening an eye bank in Bihar. The one at the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) has been defunct for over a decade.This was admitted by health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey in reply to a question asked by a BJP legislator in the state assembly in March 2012. \"No eye transplantation has taken place in the state for over a decade either at Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) or any private hospital in the state,\" the minister had said.\"An eye bank was opened at the PMCH in 1986 but it never became functional. Later on, in 1990, a regional eye institute was opened under the department of ophthalmology at PMCH which was, later, shifted to Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS). But that, too, could not take off as the institute which had once applied for an eye bank did not get the requisite permission,\" a PMCH doctor said.Eye surgeon Dr Sunil Kumar laments, \"Not a single functional eye bank exists in Bihar. Though doctors have been posted at the PMCH eye bank, it remains inoperative while the one at Rajgir, run by a trust which gets grant from the state government, is also not functional.\"Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi had, in 2011, announced that an eye bank at the PMCH would be opened soon. The government this year announced that an eye bank would be opened in every government medical college hospital in the state. But nothing has been done till date.Some of the reasons behind no eye transplantation in the state are no eye donation, less awareness and religious superstitions, Kumar said.Notably, animal husbandry and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh had also said in the assembly that lack of eye donation was a major factor behind no eye transplantation in the state. \"Though we have promoted eye donations through advertisements, not a single eye was donated to the PMCH,\" he had said.Interestingly, doctors also do not know whether The Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994, is enforced in Bihar or not. Principal secretary, health, Vyasji said, \"I will have to look into it.\"The fact is the Act is yet to be implemented in the state. This, too, was admitted by the health minister in the state assembly in March, 2012, while responding to a question to facilitate kidney transplant in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304310", "title": "Overflowing Sonegaon lake floods Sahakar Nagar", "text": "NAGPUR: Negligence on the part of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) caused havoc in Sahakar Nagar on Friday. The Sonegaon lake overflowed, with NMC not monitoring the situation, flooding the streets in Sahakar Nagar as the storm water drains choked up.The Sonegaon lake was filled to the brim on Friday, following five days of almost incessant heavy rains. The lake's water had entered around 15-20 houses situated on the Western side by afternoon. Five houses constructed along the drain coming into the lake were badly affected. The other houses did not have severe problem, as water covered just the interior roads and areas near the gates.Fortunately, the storm water drain being constructed by NMC from the lake, as part of the lake's rejuvenation plan, saved the houses from more severe waterlogging.The lake filled to the brim on Friday just like the 2010 monsoon. At that time, water had entered large numbers of houses on Sonegaon's western side.The NMC is constructing a storm water drain from the lake's bed to an abandoned underground storm water drain situated towards Sahakar Nagar, on the lake's northern side. The lake's overflow water started to flow into the abandoned underground storm water drain in huge quantity. Unfortunately, NMC officials had never bothered to check whether the underground storm water drain was in good condition or required any maintenance.The underground storm water drain starts from the lake's bank and passes through Sahakar Nagar residential area for over 2km, before ending at a nullah behind Sahakar Nagar ghat. The drain was choked and so the lake's overflow water started flowing onto the road from Sahakar Nagar garden.The water submerged many roads in Sahakar Nagar. Instead of flowing underneath the road, the overflow water was entering the nullah from the road surface. Citizens residing in the area were in panic throughout the day, as the water level was rising.Senior corporator Praful Gudadhe visited Sahakar Nagar garden, from where the lake's overflow water was coming out of the underground storm water drain. He informed NMC officials from Laxmi Nagar Zone about the problem.Gudadhe said the official could not do anything as it was an underground drain and cleaning it would require time. \"Some solutions will be chalked out on Saturday, if the lake's does not stop overflowing.\"Similar negligence of NMC officials from water works department had led to the overflow of Gorewada lake over the last couple of days, creating havoc in areas situated on both sides of Pili river in East and North Nagpur.The Ambazari lake too started to overflow from Thursday night, but this did not create any problems. Large number of citizens thronged the lake's overflow point to see water flowing from the waste weir. No problems were reported due to the lake's overflow as the Nag river has a retaining wall throughout the city. Besides, Nag river is also very deep and can accommodate a huge amount of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310838", "title": "RiRi-Chris's hugs and kisses stun crowd at MTV awards", "text": "Rihanna shocked fans when she approached her former boyfriend Chris Brown on her way to her seat and gave him a hug and a kiss at MTV Video Music Awards.It was the first time they've been seen greeting each other since Brown violently assaulted her three and a half years ago, the New York Post reported.The moment, captured on MTV's live Internet feed, sparked further rumours that Brown and the Barbadian singer are still romantically linked, even though the hip-hop star is supposedly dating Karruche Tran.The pair were repeatedly seen partying at clubs in New York and the French Riviera earlier this summer.Rihanna has also opened up about her feelings for Brown, as she famously defended him for the beating incident and called him the love of her life in a recent interview with Oprah Winfrey. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16310520", "title": "Intel's India-born ex-MD deserves leniency: US prosecutors", "text": "NEW YORK: Intel's former India-born managing director Rajiv Goel deserves leniency as he provided \"substantial assistance\" as a key government witness in Raj Rajaratnam's insider trading trial that helped convict the hedge fund founder, Manhattan attorney Preet Bharara has said.Goel, 54, was arrested with Rajaratnam in October 2009 and had pleaded guilty in 2010 to conspiracy and securities fraud. He faces up to 25 years in prison when he is sentenced on September 12 by US district judge Barbara Jones.Recommending a lenient sentence for Goel, Bharara said in a letter to Jones that Goel, \"a highly significant witness... substantially helped the government secure a conviction in one of the most significant and high-profile insider trading trials in history.\"Mumbai-born Goel had met Rajaratnam in 1983 at the Wharton Business School where he was studying business administration and the two grew close over the years.Goel had served as managing director in Intel's treasury department and had provided confidential information to Rajaratnam about the company, including its earnings and a billion dollar transaction in 2008.Rajaratnam made over two million dollars in illegal profits based on the tips.Goel had told prosecutors he repeatedly sought financial assistance from Rajaratnam, who loaned him USD 100,000 to buy a home in 2005 and another USD 500,000 the next year for his ailing father.The prosecutors said despite Goel's \"long-standing, close friendship\" with Rajaratnam and his family, he never hesitated to provide complete information to the government about his illegal tips to Rajaratnam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16306691", "title": "\u2018Manthan-12\u2019 keeps management college abuzz with zest", "text": "LUDHIANA: 'Manthan-12', the two-day cultural competition cum talent hunt extravaganza, concluded at Sri Aurobindo College of Commerce and Management, Jhande, on Thursday. The college was abuzz with activity for two days as BBA and BCom students competed to grab the top position. Final year students from both the courses shared the 'Manthan-12' trophy.College director Colonel P S Choudhary and principal Dr R L Bhel inaugurated the second day by lighting the candelabrum, which was followed by 'Saraswati vandana'.Children from 'Ek prayas' \u2014 a school for special children \u2014 in Jhande, were invited by the college students to be a part of the festivities of 'Manthan-12' and they performed a mesmerizing dance.The college campus had an event going on at every corner with a different venue dedicated to each event. Students from various batches flocked the venues in their eagerness to participate in the event of their choice.Collage making, cartooning, poster making, on spot painting, clay modeling and still life drawing witnessed all the artists flocking the venues. The other events that made the day eventful were debate, geet and gazal, classical vocal, non-percussion classical vocal, spot photography, essay writing, short story writing and poem writing marked the second day The heritage items, classical dance and one act plays completed the list adding a different flavour to the spectacular fest. The college experienced a spirit of euphoria with a rare zeal and zest among its students.Behind BBA III and BCom III students came BBA II students at second position and BCom I students at third.The fest was coordinated by professor Jai Parkash, professor Meenu Goyal and other staff.Results Collage | Priyanka Sohar, BCom II Cartooning | Megha Jain, BBA II Poster making | Sahil Jain BCom I On spot painting | Sumeet Gogia BCom III Clay modeling | Priyanka Arora BCom III Still life drawing | Manmeet Kaur BCom I Debate | Niyati Asthana and Deepika Miglani BCom II Geet and gazal | Rashi Sood BCom III Photography | Deepak Garg BCom III Mehandi | Vasundhra Ahuja BCom III Crochet | Shruti Jain BCom III Classical dance | Suhaila Seth BBA I One act play | BCom II Essay writing | Jatin Gera BCom III Short story | Supriya BCom III Poem writing | Harman Singh BBA III Rangoli | Priyanka Arora BCom III Quiz | Rahul Garg, Siddharth and Anmol Jain- BCom II Elocution | Deepika Miglani BCom II Skit | BCom II Giddha | BCom II", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305800", "title": "Mahalok Adalat to be held in Sep", "text": "NASHIK: The district legal services authority has organized the fourth mahalok adalat on September 16, during which it has decided to field more than 30,000 cases and is expecting the disposal of more than 5,000 cases.The mahalok adalat is a process in which the head of a panel, usually a judge or retired judge, assisted by an advocate and a social worker, listens to both parties without issuing any official document on the dispute, and provides solutions for a mutual agreement.Various court cases including pre-litigation matters are redressed through the system. In the district, the number of such cases proposed has touched 30,000, which is now 5,000 cases over the third mahalok adalat in March 2012.\"We are hoping that the turn-around of the cases will be better, as people have started understanding the procedure which has been in practiced since 2011,\" Anil Khadse, senior civil judge, district legal service authority, said. The city will have 30 panels listening to cases throughout the day, while another set of 32 panels will be listening to rural cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16306667", "title": "Moti Nagar man\u2019s murder cracked", "text": "LUDHIANA: The police claimed to have solved the murder case of Qurbaan, who was found killed at PUDA ground on September 3, after arresting one of his friends Ishfaque Mohammad.The deceased was living at Moti Nagar in the city after having migrated from Bihar while his friend Ishfaque hails from Poornia in Bihar. Qurbaan was brutally murdered on the night of September 2 by Ishfaque and two others. Four of them were a gang of fraudsters who duped people by demanding money in exchange of delivering costly gifts, said Division no. 7 SHO Rajkumar.\"They used to call up people and lured them by saying they had won costly gifts in a draw. Some of their targets would agree to send some cash for the delivery of the promised gifts,\" said the SHO. During the investigation, police got to know Qurbaan and his gang had duped several people in Ludhiana and near by areas.Ishfaque, the main accused, was arrested from Samrala Chowk on Thursday evening. He told police that Qurbaan had had a scuffle with other members of the gang on the night of crime and they strangulated him with a cloth and fled from the spot, said the SHO.The other two accused are absconding and a case has been registered against them and Ishfaque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305344", "title": "Congress asks Maharashtra to take Raj Thackeray to task", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress state president Manikrao Thakre on Friday asked the state government to take legal action against MNS chief Raj Thackeray for \"repeatedly\" taking the law into his hands.Thakre wrote a letter to state home minister R R Patil asking for action to be initiated against Thackeray. Speaking to TOI, the Congress leader said that the MNS leader had violated the law time and again. He cited the MNS protest over Azad Maidan, violent protests at toll nakas, inflammatory speeches against North Indians and the Sur-Kshetra episode to justify the action.When questioned about the demand's timing, Thakre said the party had been waiting for the state government to initiate action against him. \"The government had earlier said that it was examining his speeches for inflammatory content. The party raised the demand since there has been no visible action against Thackeray.\"The Congress leader had earlier adopted a measured stance against Thackeray. Sources said the change in stance was brought about due to pressure from the central leadership. However, by blaming the delayed aggression on lack of response from the state government, Thakre has fired another salvo at CM Prithviraj Chavan, party sources said.Chavan, meanwhile, launched a veiled attack against the MNS and the Sena. Replying to a query on the \"outsiders\" controversy at an investors' forum in Powai, he said it was a non-issue being used by certain parties for political gains.\"This is nothing but political posturing. Certain parties are trying to create a vote bank for themselves by raising this non-issue. It is for the people to judge which party is articulating their concerns. There is drought in the state, there is also a need for rapid industrial development. Parties are trying to reap political gains by creating a communal divide. But let me assure you that I will not allow them to take law in their hands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16304690", "title": "Hina Rabbani Khar: Looking at India with different lens", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Striking an optimistic note ahead of talks with her Indian counterpart, Pakistani foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar on Friday said the two countries had made progress on many issues, ranging from Siachen to trade. \"We are walking the talk. We are looking at India with a different lens,\" she said.Asked about the disputes which could be resolved, she said, \"The most jarring example is one of Siachen. Have we not come close... to quite an extent?\" The assertion flies against India's stand that it would not agree to Pakistan's demand to pull out troops from the glacier unless respective ground positions were demarcated.Khar suggested that Pakistan had done more to improve ties, citing President Asif Zardari's visit when PM Manmohan Singh is yet to avail of the neighbour's invite.She asserted that Pakistan did not want to defined by hostility to India, and said Pakistan had stopped accusing RAW of meddling in Pakistan's restive Baluchistan province.Her comments came against the backdrop of indications that India-Pakistan ties, often subject to last-minute twists, might receive a boost with eight working groups labouring to prepare the ground for enhanced cooperation in trade, banking, culture and security.Broadcast of Pakistani TV programmes, more trading posts and sharing of information on natural disasters, weather and agriculture and exchange of civilians who stray into India or Pakistan territory was discussed. \"I hope we can do more,\" Khar said.On an upbeat note, Khar said it could be time to move from baby steps to medium sized steps and pointed to the need to address core issues like Jammu and Kashmir. \"It is important for our principles... but it also gives ammunition to naysayers, to people who want to create hostility,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305558", "title": "I-T blocks SIS Live\u2019s 40% dues for 6 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the CBI filed a closure report saying it could not find substantive evidence against former Prasar Bharati CEO B S Lalli, the income tax department has issued fresh orders asking for payment to SIS Live to be blocked for another six months.In a letter dated August 8, the I-T department has asked Prasar Bharati not to make any payments due to SIS Live, which had been awarded broadcasting rights for the 2010 Commonwealth Games. The British firm had been paid 60% of the Rs 246-crore contract before the Games.The CBI had recently filed a closure report in a Delhi court saying the agency found no substantive evidence against Lalli on charges of committing fraud and conspiracy in awarding broadcasting rights for the Games.The CBI had last year booked both Lalli and Zoom Communications resident director Waseem Ahmed Dehlvi for alleged irregularities in the award of broadcasting rights of the Games. The deal reportedly resulted in a loss of Rs 135 crore to the exchequer, according to the Shunglu committee report.The V K Shunglu committee, which looked into the alleged financial irregularities in the Games, has indicted Lalli and Doordarshan Director-General Aruna Sharma, accusing them of \"collusion\" with the UK-based firm. The two-member panel said that based on the documents available, it had concluded that the actual cost of the contract awarded to SIS LIVE was at best Rs 111 crore, resulting in a profit of at least Rs 135 crore for SIS Live and Zoom Communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311291", "title": "Dhanush's Shiva link", "text": "Actor Dhanush is an ardent devotee of Shiva. He's excited about working at Varanasi where he is shooting scenes for his forthcoming film Raanjhnaa . And the actor believes that there can be no better blessing than working at a spiritual place for a debut flick!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304591", "title": "Raj Thackeray: Migrants behind crime", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray reiterated his anti-North Indian stand and attributed the rising crime rate in the city to the migrants, mainly north Indians.In an interview to Times Now, he said there was always a constant pressure on the police to solve these criminal cases and then people blame police for not being efficient. \"Every day 48 trains come to Maharashtra from UP, Bihar and Jharkhand. Who are these people, Where do they go? Then you will blame police for not being to control the crime in the state,'' he said.On his ongoing \"issue'' with Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, Thackeray mockingly asked, \"What you mean affair?'' When asked if Nitish Kumar was trying to provoke him, he said that he doesn't know what politics they are into and what they are indulging in to garner more votes.He referred to rising crime rate in the city when asked to react on Nitish Kumar's statement that Raj was out of his mind. \"It does not mater who says what. I have Bihar's crime report of 2012. You are not dealing with the crime there. All these people are taking shelter in his state and then you are accusing Raj Thackery of affecting nation's harmony. You are not asking the chief ministers of states which are giving shelter to these criminals.''Speaking about his latest outburst on Asha Bhonsle, he said, \"See, I have immense respect for Asha ji. I felt that Asha ji should not have done such a thing. On the other hand, if Mahesh Bhatt or someone else did this, I would be least bothered. This is because he is capable of it. But the main concern is that when Asha ji talks like this, when she has accepted the offer for this show, I feel that there is no need for her to do so. Definitely there is no need for her to do it. She herself claims she has believes in Hindutva. \"Tell me are Asha Bhonsle and Lata di ( Lata Mangeshkar ) allowed to go to Pakistan. Are they welcome there?'' he asked.He said that in India even after so many being killed, so many attacks taking place, so many deaths later we are still thinking about propagating peace and harmony with Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305214", "title": "Prevalence rate of AIDS has dropped in state: Unicef report", "text": "RANCHI: The prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS has declined in Jharkhand from 0.31% to 0.13% which is less than the national figure of 0.31%, according to data of the Unicef.The information was shared at a media awareness programme in connection with the Red Ribbon Express-3 on Friday organised by the Jharkhand State Aids Control Society (JSAC). State head Unicef Job Zachariah said, \"The prevalence rate of HIV/ AIDS has declined in the country from 0.36% in 2006 to 0.31% in 2009, according to the latest data available with us. In 2000, it was 0.46% and from there the numbers at national level have declined which is good news for us. The situation in the state of Jharkhand also has improved a lot.\"In some states where the HIV/AIDS prevalence rates were very low earlier, have now increased; and in those areas where it had an increasing trend, it has declined. In states like Tamil Nadu , Manipur and Maharashtra, where the ratio of people suffering from HIV/AIDS was very less, the rate has increased. At the national level, 24.5 lakh estimated people are affected by the disease of which 15 lakh come under identified group who are detected with the disease. \"But reaching out to around six lakh people who have not yet been identified is still a challenge,\" he said.In Jharkhand, there are 23,000 cases in which 12,000 have been identified and the rest are are unaware of their status. \"People have misconceptions and a stigma is attached with the disease. This is where the media can play a key role in allaying such fears. Every year there are eight lakh pregnant women in Jharkhand of which 10% are detected. The need of the hour is to increase the numbers and bring them in the identified group,\" said Zachariah. A mobile van was flagged off by civil surgeon A K Chaudhary from Sadar Hospital for Ranchi district to create awareness about the Red Ribbon Express in the rural areas. \"Along with the van, a team will be there to create awareness through traditional dance and street plays,\" said Birendra Prasad, additional project director, JSAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16311197", "title": "Caught in superpower politics, tiny Jeju island fights back", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the tiny Jeju island, off the South Korean coast, the harsh reality of geopolitics and the global arms race intruded upon the World Conservation Congress which started on Thursday. Activists from the island crept through tight police barriers to unfurl banners calling an end to the building of a naval base at Gangjeong village just a 10-minute drive from the conference venue.Further away, another group of anti-base activists climbed a massive concrete caisson in Hwasoon Port, about 40 minutes by car from Gangjeong village, and hung protest banners, ENS reported. Both protests were speedily ended by police.Jeju is a 71 km by 43 km island which emerged after a volcanic eruption two million years ago. Today, it is the site of the world's most intricate system of lava tubes and is considered an ecological niche for both marine and terrestrial life. It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2007. Also part of the World Heritage Site is \"the fortress-like Seongsan Ilchulbong tuff cone, rising out of the ocean, a dramatic landscape; and Mount Halla, the highest in Korea, with its waterfalls, multi-shaped rock formations, and lake-filled crater.\" About half a million people stay on Jeju, earning a living through the tourism industry.The demonstrators released a statement, ENS reported, saying, \"Given that the Jeju Naval base to be built in Gangjeong Village will be a military outpost of the United States, we cannot stand for our Gangjeong village, our Jeju Island to be in the middle of a conflict between an expanding China and the United States containment efforts. We know that the destruction of Gangjeong Village and Jeju, the Peace Island, will become the suffering of all our people.\"After years of discussion and objections, the South Korean government cleared the construction of a naval base in February this year. With facilities to dock 20 war ships, the base is slated to become functional by 2015. It is currently estimated to cost $970 million. Analysts say that just 300 miles away from China mainland, this naval base could become a crucial player in the already heavily militarized region. Over 99 percent of South Korean sea trade passes through the channels near Jeju.In July this year, the Korean Supreme Court dismissed a case filed by the islanders calling to halt construction.On Thursday, as delegates to the Conservation Congress lined up to enter the conference hall, Korean Navy spoke publicly for the first time on the construction of the base. Defence ministry spokesperson Min Seok Kim said that the port construction process had gone through a democratic process, reports IPS. \"It is the wish of the majority,\" he said.\"We wish that you (congress) focus on the environment, the port is being built by the tax (money) of the South Korean people, it will proceed,\" Kim said, according to IPS.Activists protesting against the base were not allowed to set up an information booth within the conference site by the Korean organizers, who made it clear that no protests would be allowed within a two km radius of the conference site.The World Conservation Congress is organized by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the world's oldest and one of the most respected environmental conservation organizations. It is most famous for bring out a list of the world's most endangered species called the Red List.The Open Letter, signed by many prominent environmentalists from around the world, says, \"The once-celebrated southern Jeju coastline is now being covered in concrete, thanks to the Korean government, Samsung corporation, and the silence of IUCN.\"\"The naval base project, meant to become home-port for Korean and U.S. missile-carrying warships 300 miles from China, is threatening one of the planet's last great soft coral reefs, and other coastal treasures, killing numerous endangered species (including one on IUCN's famous Red List), and destroying centuries-old sustainable communities of local farmers and fishers,\" says the Open Letter.About two hours after the military briefing ended, a group of women slipped into the Congress perimeter and unfurled banners protesting the base.They are lying, they are destroying my village and my people,\" Seng-gu, one of the protestors told IPS.The Korean government claims that environmental damage will be minimal. \"There is only sand in the construction site,\" naval lieutenant Tae Ryu told the press. However, local villagers scoff at this saying that the environment is interconnected.The Save Jeju project by the villagers in Gangjeong say the government is not completely truthful, according to IPS. They say the environmental assessment was only carried out after the villagers and their mayor filed a suit. On the government claim that the majority of the villagers accept the project, they say that in August 2007, 94 percent of the villagers rejected it in a referendum, IPS reported.Critics of the project claim that it was being constructed under U.S. influence. US defence posture in the Far East has been ratcheted up in recent times with an eye to countering increased Chinese influence in the region.\"If you want peace you have to prepare for war,\" military spokesperson Kim said, according to IPS.However, the villagers are undaunted. \"We will keep protesting, keep raising our voice, however small it may be, it is our land,\" one villager told IPS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310161", "title": "Vasool Raja to be shot at a stretch", "text": "Navdeep's new movie Vasool Raja, which was launched in August, will be shot at a stretch in Hyderabad. The action entertainer will have Navdeep playing a mass role for the first time in his career and Srihari will be seen as a powerful cop who has a showdown with Navdeep. Director Karthikeya Gopalakrishna said that the film is currently progressing briskly and the unit shall wrap up the entire shooting by the end of October. He further adds that Chinni Charan music and Ramaswamy's dialogues are another attraction to the film. Ritu Barmecha, who shared screen space alongside Allari Naresh in Aha Naa Pellanta, will be playing the female lead in this movie. Vasool Raja, jointly produced by Batthula Rathanpandu and Mahankali Diwakar, is slated for November release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304443", "title": "10 mine workers diagnosed with asbestosis", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 10 of the 87 mine workers tested for asbestosis have been diagnosed with the deadly disease. The test was conducted by the National Institute of Occupation Disease (NIOH). The NIOH has so far released 62 reports of which at least 10 positive cases have emerged.The diagnosis of asbestosis in these mine workers is significant as it will make them eligible for pension from the government. It was with this idea of helping these mine workers, many of whom are not able to work anymore, that the Mine Labour Protection Campaign (MLC) was aiding them with the tests. Many of these workers have no proof to show who they were working with and so they are not eligible to receive any pension from their employees.In July this year, the test on former asbestos mine workers began at the RNT Medical College Hospital in Udaipur. Patients underwent CT scan, x-rays, blood, sputum and pulmonary function tests. The medical tests came after a long struggle by the workers after their earlier test results by NIOH were \"misplaced\".The earlier test was done after the MLPC brought in the NIOH to conduct medical diagnosis and 164 workers were examined in 2007 in Udaipur. But even as 22 of these patients expired, the results were not made public by NIOH.After many travels by the victims to NIOH, Ahmedabad, the director, ordered a re-examination in January 2011. In June 2011, only 88 workers were re-examined. They are still awaiting the reports. Later again in 2012, NIOH assured that further diagnosis will be initiated immediately for the affected people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16309236", "title": "'Colleges must offer more to score over internet sources'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Observing that internet has emerged as a huge source of information for students, Andhra Pradesh IT Minister P Lakshmiah on Friday said colleges have to offer more to differentiate themselves from web-based sources.\"In today's age, a student does not have to go to the college or university to get information. He can go to Google or find that on any of his social technical networks. If universities or colleges have to differentiate themselves from Google and Facebook, they need to provide a layer above the knowledge foundation,\" he said.The minister was speaking at the 'Indo-Global Education Summit 2012' held here.Cross-cultural learning would benefit students immensely in the globalised world, the minister also said.\"This is the age of globalisation. World is one. Work gets moved around to the best possible location. Students should have a global perspective. It is very important to have cross-cultural learning,\" he said.Speaking on the occasion, AP high court's Justice G Raghuram emphasised that \"quality education should be prioritised over quantitative education, and it is in that area that we require synergies from the best educational institutions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306736", "title": "Eight injured in LPG cylinder fire in Lambha", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A leaking LPG cylinder caused fire in a one-storey building in Lambha near Naroda on Friday morning. The incident left eight, including two children, injured. The victims were rushed to the LG Hospital. The victims have received more than 20 per cent burns.According to Naroda police, the incident took place at 9 am when family members of Kamlesh Patel, a resident of the ground floor, were changing the empty LPG cylinder with the new one. After connecting the cylinder when Patel started the gas stove, there was a sudden blast.\"The blast was caused by the leaked gas that had taken form of a ball. As the gas was ignited, it expanded and threw the family members away from the spot. Soon, the fire spread in the kitchen, adjoining bedroom and first floor,\" said a police official. The building is occupied by three families, he added.The injured include Kamlesh Patel, his wife Poonam and daughter Saloni , Rajendra Patel, Amit Patel, Subodh Patel, Niranjan Patel and Ajay Patel. \"The injuries are not fatal. However, the victims will have to be hospitalized for a while,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16306515", "title": "Don't let pain hold you back anymore", "text": "The unique hands-on approach of Functional Manual Therapy has dramatically reduced the agony of many patients who had abandoned hope. TOI presents some inspiring cases.Magical hands making even chronic sufferers painfree is not a fantasy but a science and an art that Functional Manual Therapists at VARDAN - a joint initiative between The Times Group and the Institute of Physical Art (IPA), USA - practice every day. And by doing so, the therapists and their patients prove that pain need not be permanent.The IPA's innovative Functional Manual Therapy (FMT) developed by Gregory and Vicky Johnson uses both evidence and clinical experience to correct dysfunctions that impede mobility and cause pain. As Vicky Johnson says, \"It is a results driven practice. So when someone comes in with pain, the goal is to get rid of their pain and ensure the most efficient function possible.\"\"Most physical therapists are trained to treat symptoms and not the cause, so a lot of what is diagnosed even as chronic pain in India need not be that at all!\" says Jevene Summers, one of just 200 Certified Functional Manual Therapists (CFMTs) in the world, now at VARDAN in New Delhi. \"Pain goes away and you think you're better. But you're not, because the pain could be due to some dysfunction or weakness . We focus on that and pain really goes away, because the cause is dealt with.\"Indeed, FMT's hands-on - and hands-only -- approach to getting all joints, muscles and viscera aligned and functioning properly results in marked reduction of pain, both acute and chronic. There is overall improvement in mobility and flexibility even in seemingly untreatable cases. It's not that FMT promises 100% improvement in every case, but as a majority of patients at VARDAN vouch, pain decreases, often dramatically.And the key to what all patients see as amazing results (see boxes) is the unique integrated approach of FMT. \"Pain cannot be managed uni-dimensionally ,\" says Charles King , another CFMT at VARDAN. \"Aspects such as mechanical or physical dysfunctions, abnormal posture and habitual movements, emotional and social factors, all need to be addressed.\" So functional tests evaluate patients, taking even the smallest details into consideration before embarking on treatments.In cases like fibromyalgia, for instance , where pain is not always accompanied by any empirical evidence of disorder, they delve even deeper. As King says, \"We deal not only with things as we find them but also work on the mind- body connection towards the interpretations of pain, which is not entirely mechanical in nature. FMT also deals with how the body processes information.\"Most importantly, patients are talked through the entire process by their therapists. \"Pain does not occur in your body, it occurs in your brain,\" says Summers. \"So we educate patients about their bodies and why they have pain. They really like it that we tell them why we are doing what we do, and what they can do to empower themselves. As some things affect the neuro-chemical perception of pain, we even advise on diet, stress, exercise and sleep!\"So, As Vicky Johnson says, \"If you are hurting, if you've been living with things that you know are impairing your ability to really have the life you want, give FMT a chance!\"To schedule your appointment call 011 43580720-22 between 8:30 am - 7:00 pm, Monday to Saturday , SMS VFMT to 58888 or email vardan@timesgroup.com. For more information log on to www. vardan.inRADHIKA LALL | 72 | Back painMy mother Radhika Lall had back pain for 20 years which increased sharply in recent years, hindering day-to-day functionality. We tried everything , but nothing gave enduring relief. . To alleviate the pain, my mother wore a special belt around her waist and used pain-relieving oils and ointments.FMT was one of the best things to have happened to my mother. I learnt about it through a newspaper report in October 2011 and distinctly recall one line: \"Bring us your failures\" ! There was conviction in that article and I was instinctively drawn to FMT.A miracle happened in the very first session. Asked to bend forward to touch her toes, my mother could barely reach her knees due to her back pain. The therapist worked with her for an hour, and at the end of the session asked her to repeat the move. Such was the relief that my mother's hands glided down painlessly to touch her toes!I found the FMT technique to be fundamentally sound as it's non-invasive and attacks the real source of the pain rather than suppressing pain.Earlier, she could hardly stand or walk for 2 hours without putting the belt. After the first two sessions she stopped wearing the belt! My mother had also developed a visible slouch but now she stands erect and smart and her pain has almost gone! Of course my mother must follow an exercise regimen for sustained relief.As told by Anuradha LallJAISHREE THIRANI | 63 | Chronic leg pain", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16303629", "title": "Show cause notice to Paralympic Committee of India", "text": "BANGALORE: Flooded with charges of mismanagement and misappropriation of funds against the apex body of disabled sportspersons, the Union sports ministry on Friday issued a show-cause notice to the Paralympic Committee of India (PCI) seeking explanation why action should not be taken against it.Detailing the charges, joint secretary (sports) Onkar Kedia wrote to the PCI bosses to explain the injustice done to the players, coaches and escorts. \"The sanctioned allowances were not disbursed on time and were disbursed only after repeated reminders of the government,\" the notice said.\"(Paralympian) Farman Basha has reported that while PCI officials were staying in the Games village enjoying the free facilities meant for athletes and support staff his escort and personal coach were not allowed to enter the Village despite having the permit. Wheel chair athlete Amit Kumar Saroha's coach was also left stranded outside the village,\" it said. The ministry directed PCI to submit a detailed reply within 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308742", "title": "Farah wants Ajay, Tamannaah to follow her footsteps", "text": "Farah Khan, who at the moment wears any number of hats simultaneously, is currently choreographing a song for her brother director Sajid Khan in Hyderabad. The song Taki re taki re from K Raghvendra Rao's Himmatwala in 1983 composed by Bappi Lahiri is now part of the Himmatwala remake that Sajid Khan is directing.And Sajid wanted his lead pair Ajay Devgn and Tamannaah to replicate Jeetendra and Sridevi's zany movements from the original.Farah has put her foot down. According to sources she has made it very clear to her brother that she'd do the number in her own way, and not borrow the movements and steps from the original.Sajid, on the other hand, is adamant about retaining the original movements, promoting Farah to issue an ultimatum: her way or the highway.Says Farah, \"My brother is crazy about those movements in the original Himmatwala . But how can Ajay Devgn dance like Jeetendra? Jeetu ji was known as the Jumping Jack. He could carry off those outlandish movements. Ajay has a far more sober image. He has to be given steps that suit his personality. So I am sorry. But I am not doing Taki re taki the way it is done originally. Sajid would just have to understand my viewpoint, and come round.\"The good thing , says Farah, is that Ajay is willing to learn. \"He is giving me time to rehearse his steps for Taki re taki . So we can work on creating innovative steps for Ajay and Tamannaah. There is no point in making them do Jeetu ji and Sridevi's steps. It would look spoofy.\"Finally though the Khan siblings have come to a compromise about the dance steps.Says the much-relieved Farha, \"Sajid has finally agreed to have 60 percent of the dance steps as my original and 30 percent from the original Himmatwala. What he intends to do with the remaining 10 percent, only he knows.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310829", "title": "Can grilled meat increase diabetes risk?", "text": "Can grilled meat increase diabetes risk? Yes , say experts, due to a compound that this cooking style createsThe next time you call your pals over and want to get the barbecue going, think again! A new research warns that grilled lamb and meat can increase the chance of developing diabetes.What the study says ...Experts have found that certain cooking methods that were thought to be healthy for a long time can actually be unhealthy. Barbecuing, regarded as a healthier alternative to fried food, fits into that. What researchers at Mount Sinai University, New York, discovered was that a certain compound found when food is cooked in dry heat could activate significant weight gain, insulin resistance as well as type 2 diabetes. While grilling and roasting food, the process creates a compound called methylglyoxal (MG) \u2014 a type of advanced glycation end product (AGE), they discovered. These AGEs have been found to lower the body's protective mechanisms that control inflammation (which is known to set off chronic diseases, including diabetes, heart disease, cancer , arthritis and Alzheimer's).Adds dietician Priya Karkera, \"Grilling meats leads to production of carcinogens which can cause cancer. It also requires a high amount of fat to be basted on the food before it goes into the grill, hence increasing the fat content of the food leading to obesity and diabetes; grilling vegetables however, is safer as it does not form carcinogens.\"Professor Helen Vlassara and her team suggested different methods of cooking such as stewing, poaching or steaming instead of grilling.Here's a solution : Try poaching instead! Below are recipes using the poaching process...Poached chicken with chilli and coriander dressingServes : 4IngredientsChicken stock \u2014 400 mlSpring onions \u2014 4, slicedSkinless chicken breast fillets \u2014 3Ginger \u2014 cut into thin slicesAsparagus \u2014 100 g, slicedFrench beans \u2014 150 gSmall potatoes \u2014 500 g, cut in chunksFresh coriander \u2014 large sprig, 1For dressing :Lime juice \u2014 2 \u00bd tbspSugar \u2014 a pinchFish sauce \u2014 \u00bd tspRed chilli \u2014 1, deseeded and choppedFresh ginger \u2014 2 tbspMethodPut the chicken stock in a pan. Add ginger, spring onions and coriander to this. Arrange the chicken fillets at the bottom of the pan and put the potatoes over them in a neat layer. Reduce the heat, cover and simmer for 15 minutes. Add the asparagus and beans and simmer until vegetables are tender and the chicken is well cooked. Make the dressing separately. Remove the chicken and vegetables onto a serving pate. Drizzle with the sauce. Serve it immediately.Cinnamon poached pearsServes : 4IngredientsPears \u2014 4Lemon juice \u2014 2 tbspSugar \u2014 \u00bd cupWater \u2014 6 cupsCinnamon stick \u2014 1Chocolate sauce \u2014 1 tbspMethodPeel the pears and keep aside. Combine lemon juice, sugar and cinnamon and mix. Heat this, stirring until sugar is dissolved. Add the pears to syrup. Simmer for 10 minutes. Cool and serve with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. Drizzle with chocolate sauce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303518", "title": "Certificates to prove religious identity", "text": "NEW DELHI: People belonging to minority groups, including Muslims, Jains and Sikh, will now need a certificate to prove their religious identity if they want to avail government policies meant for them. To curb misuse of policies, particularly those involving loans and scholarships for minorities, Delhi government is working on a policy that will help it certify the bona fide of the applicant.Revenue minister Arvinder Singh Lovely announced this in Delhi assembly in response to a series of queries raised by various MLAs on difficulties faced by applicants while availing these policies. The policies include various scholarship programmes for minority students, loan of upto Rs 3 lakh for higher studies and Dilli Swarojgar Yojana where SC/ST/Minorities/OBCs are provided loans up to Rs five lakh to help them set up a venture in Delhi.\"We are in process of making a policy that will help members of the minority community establish their identity on paper to avail facilities like loan, etc as bank work cannot be done without papers. It has already been discussed with chief minister Sheila Dikshit ,\" said Lovely.Earlier, during the discussion, power minister Haroon Yusuf suggested that a board or any other competent authority be set up by the revenue department to issue certificates to minorities.Yusuf's suggestion came on social welfare minister Kiran Walia's statement saying that her department as of now follows the guidelines of Delhi Minorities Commission to ascertain a claim. \"For Muslims, we were told that certificates are being issued by the Fatehpuri mosque to be used for claims. For other minorities, a similar certificate can be procured from their respective religious authorities,\" she said.Sources said initially the government had suggested to rope in the area MLA for the process, but it was not considered feasible as only an executive is authorized to issue a certificate on behalf of the government.\"A few meetings have already been convened with senior officers of revenue department to work out a plan,\" said a senior government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310419", "title": "Sudeep signs a Tamil flick?", "text": "The Kannada star whose recent Tamil-Telugu bilingual was a superhit may do another Tamil film soon.Sudeep who played a baddie and battled a fly in Naan Ee may be in Kollywood soon. According to the news doing the rounds, he's all set to sign on a Tamil flick. When we asked Sudeep about this, he said, \"A few scripts have come my way but I still need to look at them.\" The actor is currently focusing on his Kannada movies and looks like he wants to complete them before he signs on a new project here.Meanwhile, Sudeep confirms that the next project he begins work on is Chakravyuha , a trilingual film. \"We are currently wrapping up scripting for this film. It will be made in Kannada, Tamil and Telugu, and N Kumar will produce the film. We are also working on the composition of the technical team,\" says Sudeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16305511", "title": "Gagan Narang promises shooting fest at 2nd 'Gun for Glory'", "text": "It is called 'Gun for Glory', but London Olympic bronze-medallist Gagan Narang insists his initiative is more of a \"shooting festival\" than a tournament as it welcomes not just professionals but also amateurs who have \"never held guns\" in their lives.\"It is a shooting festival in which even those who have not held a gun in their lives can participate,\" Narang said about the event that is likely to be graced by another London Olympics bronze winner, boxer MC Mary Kom, on the concluding day.This year's tournament - the second after a successful opening last year - will see participation from London Olympics silver medallist Vijay Kumar , Rahi Sarnobat and Annu Raj Singh among others. The tournament will run from September 12 to 18 in Pune.Double trap champion Ronjan Sodhi is also expected to be present and so are Heena Sidhu and Shagun Chowdhury. \"Mary Kom is also likely to be present on the concluding day of the event,\" the rifle ace said. One of the primary objectives of the tournament is to clear the misconception that the sport cannot be made accessible.\"Sessions will be held on mental training, fitness and how to exercise and all.There will be a sports psychologist, mental trainer, dietician, physiotherapist. \"The idea is clear the doubts of the people, make it accessible and promote the sport,\" said the 29-year-old shooter, the man behind the academy situated at the Shiv Chatrapati Sports Complex shooting range in Balewadi, Pune.Narang reiterated that the tournament is not just for the established ones but also for the fans of shooting. \"We had to find our own path. Now we are trying to help them make their own path,\" he said. Narang informed that there is no dearth of sponsors for the event whose prize money will be Rs 40 lakh.\"Chevrolet is one of the main sponsors. We have good amount of sponsorships. \"The shooter said they are trying to match the standards set in the first edition. Tournament director Pawan Singh said entries are still pouring in, but registration through the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) for professionals is closed.Singh lamented that quite a few corporates come on board with their own vested interests rather than with the motive of helping the sport grow. \"They are like how much time will Gagan Narang spend in our school, how much will he give us, and less into the sport. We need to change that,\" Singh said.Narang has already donated Rs 16 lakh - 10 for the upcoming talent and anothersix for the support staffs of Indian shooters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16307903", "title": "All the Khans love me, says Rani Mukerji", "text": "With a clutch of heroine dominated films releasing back to back, one would expect Rani Mukerji to be a tad nervous about her own entrant - Aiyyaa - which will see her return to the screen after a gap of one and half years. But when TOI caught up with her at a suburban five-star, Rani seemed characteristically buoyant, even suggesting that we sit by the poolside, because it was \"romantic.\"Aiyyaa hits theatres on October 12 after which, Talaash, co-starring Aamir Khan and Kareena Kapoor releases on November 30. And the petite actress says she is happy playing two very different and interesting characters.In the Anurag Kashyap written film, directed by Sachin Kundalkar, Rani plays Meenakshi, a spunky Maharashtrian girl who is ready to get married at her family's bidding but dreams about a fantasy world all her own. In Talaash, she plays a gritty, fiercely guarded character, where we'll see her \"smile only once.\" And while she admits she did not expect Talaash to get so delayed, she tells us why she took up Aiyyaa: \"I hadn't played a Maharashtrian earlier. Moreover, the role of Meenakshi was superbly exciting as she is mad and passionate, somewhat like me (laughs). The script was so refreshing that I just gave my go ahead.\" Rani goes to admit that even though she admires Anurag's work, she could never see herself being a part of his 'niche cinema.' In fact, when Anurag Kashyap narrated the story to her, Rani had quipped, \"I won't come into your (dark) zone. This time, you have to come into mine (popular cinema).\" The actor was so convinced about her role that she immediately green lighted Sachin Kundalkar, the two-time National Award winning filmmaker, who makes his Hindi debut with this film. \"Sachin was the right person to do justice to this film. He knew the finer nuances and helped me better myself as Meenakshi,\" Rani says.Aiyyaa c omes at a time when when most of her peers and the younger actors are vying to work with the Khan trinity and be a part of the Rs 100-crore club. But Rani seems unfazed by it all, and insists she enjoys wonderful rapport with all the Khans. \"I have no issues with any of them. In fact, both Shah Rukh and Aamir have taught me a lot. Shah Rukh has always been very supportive as a co-star and that helps you to do better. Aamir has been very much like a teacher to me in my career. In the initial years when I had joined the industry, he literally held my hand and taught me the ropes of acting. And even when I worked with him in Talaash, I still felt I've so much to learn from him and I am still a student. Salman is a good friend too. Because of all this, the bond I share with them is very different from that with the others. And I know all the Khans love me!\" with a flash of her famous pearlies.Rani says she wants to be eclectic in her choice of projects. And in a veiled message to the younger lot now hot at her heels, she says, \"The one person whom I would like to be is Meryl Streep . Even at her age, she sits alongside the younger heroines at the Oscars with her name in the nominee list, and others around her wonder whether they still stand a chance.\"Hope the Parineetis and the Deepikas are reading this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304311", "title": "Bhutan PM tells about happiness as way of life", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Prime Minister of Bhutan Jigmi Yeozer Thinley described Gross National Happiness (GNH), the Bhutanese measure of national progress, at a function organized by Rotary Club of Bhubaneswar Heritage here on Friday. Thinley, who is on a four-day visit to the state, said GNH is all about quality of life, physical well-being, educational attainment, psychological and emotional well-being, cultural and ecological integrity.Thinley said GNH as a concept is fast catching up in rich and developed countries like the US, UK and Japan. \"Development must serve a purpose and have a meaning. It must take place in a holistic way and consider those enabling conditions that provide the possibility to find happiness. Each policy of the country put through a few parameters of wellbeing and assess the positivity and negativity of each policy. Those which do not contribute to the happiness of people are not considered,\" he said. \"We still believe in extended families like it is here and marriage as an institution instead of nuclear families,\" he added.Thinley said it was an 'enriching experience' for him to the land, where emperor Ashoka was transformed from Chandashoka to Dhramshoka. \"We share a lot of emotions with India starting from geography, national security, culture and democracy. Our relationship with India will remain special irrespective of the party in power.\"\"Chilika-the celestial lake\", a coffee table book on the unique biodiversity, flora and fauna, migratory birds of Chilika lake, written by former diplomat Abasar Beuria and Basudeb Pal Majumdar was released on the occasion.Among others, Governor of Odisha M C Bhandare, tourism and culture minister Maheswar Mohanty, Bhubaneswar mayor Ananta Narayan Jena, president of Rotary club (Heritage) S K Chadha and several other dignitaries were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305570", "title": "'Start Marathi medium junior science college'", "text": "PUNE: A corporator in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has demanded that the civic body start a junior science college where the subjects will be taught in Marathi.Elected representative Prithviraj Sutar gave the proposal to the women and child welfare committee which sent it to the civic administration. \"There are many states in the country where science is taught in the regional languages. The Pune civic body can do the same,\" he told TOI.Sutar said that many students studying in Marathi medium schools have it tough when they join the science stream in English medium junior colleges. \"Thus, even though they would want to study science, they end up joining other streams because of the language hurdle,\" he added.\"If science is taught in Marathi in std XI and XII, these students will feel encouraged to join the stream. The University of Pune offers the option to write the exam in Marathi and it will not be hard to find teachers,\" he said.Sutar said that initially, the number of students opting for science in Marathi was not very high. However, the scenario has changed ever since various organisations started to spread awareness about education in that particular language. \"The number of students who opt to study in Marathi has increased in the recent years. Hence, we need to set up a junior college where science is taught in Marathi,\" he added.The docket given to the committee said that starting such a college will cost around Rs 6 crore. The amount will be utillised for construction of the college building, payment of the staff and other expenses. The administration has given a green signal to the college.\"There is no provision for funds in the budget for starting such a college. If the members wish to start such a junior college, they can implement the project on a build, operate and transfer basis,\" the administration said. The proposal will now be sent to the standing committee for approval.The PMC runs five junior colleges in the city. At present, all the subjects in science are taught in English. Among the five, three are commerce colleges, one is a science college and one is an Urdu medium arts college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305534", "title": "Flow of vehicles, pedestrians needs to be channelised", "text": "PUNE: The traffic situation at Keshavrao Jedhe chowk in Swargate is so bad that hundreds of pedestrians risk their lives while crossing the road here.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre himself calls the situation \"very complicated.\"However, Pandhre says the traffic junction can become safer for people if some suggestions are implemented by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Five main roads, with heavy movement of vehicles and pedestrians, meet at Jedhe chowk. Lack of proper facilities for pedestrians, rampant encroachments and haphazard parking of autorickshaws add to the chaos.Over three lakh bus passengers use the junction everyday as the MSRTC and PMPML bus terminals are located nearby.Speaking to TOI, Pandhre said, a flyover, as proposed by the PMC, can be one of the solutions for easing traffic congestion. But, as of now, other measures need to be implemented on priority.\"The Bus Rapid Transit station is located at the central portion of the Katraj-Swargate road, just near the junction. This way we are forcing people to cross the road without providing them any safe access. Hundreds of people cross the road to reach the bus station. The traffic branch has suggested that the bus station be brought along the road side so that people can easily access the buses,'' said Pandhre.Another major risk pointed out by the traffic branch is that on the Katraj-Swargate road, the PMPML buses take sharp turns to the left and right amidst heavy rush of pedestrians.The situation becomes dangerous when vehicles, from Shivaji Road move towards Katraj, criss cross PMPML buses going towards Shankarsheth road. At the same time buses come from Shankarsheth Road and take a left turn to go towards Katraj.\"One cannot anticipate movement of buses coming from BRT lane and other private vehicles coming from non-BRT lanes. This results in a major confusion for motorists as well as for pedestrians,'' says Rajendra Deshmukh, a commuter.DCP Pandhre says the traffic situation at Swargate is so complicated that even deployment of additional traffic policemen would not help. \"How many traffic policemen can we deploy at the junction. Even deploying 10 or 15 will not help as there are multitudes of people, including motorists and pedestrians, on the road at any given time. The situation cannot be handled manually,'' he says.Pandhre says the existing footpaths need to be widened and freed of encroachments. \"The footpaths are encroached on almost throughout the day. In the evenings, encroachments become rampant. The PMC should take strong action to curb this.''Pedestrian-crossings should be painted and synchronized properly with pedestrian refuges, footpaths and traffic islands. Footpaths should have proper railings. Vehicles and pedestrians should be properly channelized to ensure their smooth and safe movement. The pedestrian signals have been switched off as there is no use having them till safe facilities for pedestrians are created. All these works need to be completed by the PMC, Pandhre concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310222", "title": "Transport activists want e-meters tested by IIT, BIS", "text": "MUMBAI: Transport activists have demanded that all the electronic meters installed in autos and taxis in Mumbai should be tested by experts from Indian Insititute of Technology (IIT) and Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS).In a petition given to state transport commissioner this weekend, the activists from Mumbai Vikas Samiti pointed the recent case of defective e-meters in autos. Said A V Shenoy of the committee, \" There were reports of defective meters which is why the state imposed a temporary ban on a meter manufacturing company. From the report, we see that the meters have developed faults due to vibrations. It is well known that these meters are expected to withstand vibrations as autos are prone to more vibrations due to smaller diameter of wheels and Mumbai roads develop potholes during monsoon.\" He stated that in smaller cities, potholed roads were common throughout the year due to poor maintenance.\"It is also known that mechanical meters are more rugged compared to electronic meters and can withstand vibrations better. We therefore request the transport department to carry out tests by IIT and BIS,'' he stated. This would not only ensure that the new e-meters conform to various standards, but will also build up confidence in the minds of commuters. \"Also, this would not give a tool in the hands of unions to prove how electronic meters are not up to the mark,'' he added. Transport commissioner V N More said he had recently sent the samples of all e-meters to the Maharashtra Insititute of Technology in Pune for a series of tests There are plans to approach experts from IIT and VJTI to get a second round of testing done on these e-meters, sources stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303742", "title": "Objective exam pattern in one semester likely", "text": "INDORE: Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) is considering conducting objective examination in one out of two semesters in a year. Recommendation to this effect came from the exam reform committee at a meeting held on the varsity campus on Friday.At the meeting, 3 out of 14 members took part and suggested going for objective pattern examination in one semester. The proposal will be put up before the executive council members for their nod. According to sources, the recommendations cannot be directly implemented in the university as a final clearance has to come from the department of higher education, which will give its decision for all the universities of the state.Professor Ashutosh Mishra presided over meeting. Professor Subhash Arya and Rajeev Dixit listened to various problems raised by students. The students complained about the delay in course completion, negligence in checking answer-sheets and delay in results leading to delay in admission in PG course. The students said most of the persisting problems could be solved if the university conduct examination on time and declared their results. Varsha Sharma, president, student union of DAVV said, \"The university is differentiating between those studying in its teaching departments and the ones in affiliated colleges.\" She said university has divided 100 marks into 60 for theory and 40 for practical. In affiliated colleges, 80 marks theory and 20 marks practical scheme is followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311281", "title": "Gautham Menon says NEP is special", "text": "The gentle yet mind blowing music of Neethane En Ponvasantham has created a tsunami of sorts. The much awaited NEP music album has got fans throng the World Wide Web in millions. The RS Infotainment and Photon Kathas release has created history by having over 1.2 million views in just two days. The tale doesn't end here; the music video is the 5th highest song to be searched on You Tube.\"I am happy and at peace with the response. It's been overwhelming to work with the legendary Ilaiyaraaja sir on the music of this film and that is why this film is really special to me and hence this response to the trailer and the songs really makes me feel at peace within,\" says the director Gautham Vasudev Menon. Ashok Parwani, Head South, Sony Music Entertainment says \"It is phenomenal to see such great response from fans on the trailer as well as the music video. We have always been known for creating record breaking success on our digital platform and the movie's trailer success will definitely make sure the music will also be a great hit. The combination of ace music director Ilaiyaraaja along with Gautham Vasu dev Menon promises to be a must watch and hear for all.\" NEP , the quintessential love story, captures the highs and lows of 3 decade long love story of a beautiful couple is directed by Gautham Vasudev Menon with Ilaiyaraaja scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303517", "title": "'Teach kids to prevent abuse'", "text": "NEW DELHI: With two cases of children sodomized by school bus staff coming to light in a day, parents are a worried lot. Since giving up school transport is not feasible, experts suggest parents run a background check on the drivers and conductors entrusted with their children.\"Parents need to run a check on bus drivers and avoid hiring private cabs as school transport,\" says Ajay Singh, chairperson, Child Welfare Committee, Dilshad Garden. School authorities also have to cooperate and behave responsibly, he adds. \"Schools should employ counsellors with social work background to inform kids about abuse, and recruit women conductors in buses. They can also install CCTVs in buses.\"Conscious of their image, schools often avoid confronting such issues and shirk responsibility in cases of sexual abuse. \"Reputation takes over. There is lack of accountability among most schools, and transport services are usually outsourced,\" says Bharti Ali, co-director, Haq: Centre for Child Rights, adding they want schools to have a child protection policy to address such situations.Experts TOI spoke to said parents should develop a rapport with children. It's important to talk to children and make them aware that adults around them - peons, gardeners, drivers etc - may touch them improperly, and they must not keep quiet about it. \"It's shocking that some children face abuse for months before parents find out. They need to notice their child's behaviour, gently ask them if they are happy at school or if somebody has upset or hurt them,\" says Shanta Sinha, chairperson, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR).Psychiatrist Avdesh Sharma says paedophilia is a common disorder, often committed by protectors at places frequented by the victim. \"Paedophiles are usually repeat offenders who may have faced sexual abuse as children. Others do it because they feel children are easy targets,\" he says, stressing that both girls and boys become victims.Children often suppress their trauma, either because they don't understand what has happened, or because the predator has frightened them into silence. But Singh says parents can look out for warning signs. \"Children who are abused become less confident, withdraw from society, develop a demoralized attitude, and a quiet demeanour.\"Ali says abused children never forget such incidents. \"I know children who were abused at the age of three, but still struggle to forget.Sharma adds child victims may find it difficult to have healthy sexual relations later in life, and may continue to suspect adults.There is hope, though, as the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill 2011 has recently been passed. Sinha says it has strong provisions to deal with the abuser, as well as procedures to record statements of children. \"Earlier it was difficult to go to a police station to record a child's statement, but under the new law it can be done anywhere the child is comfortable,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310018", "title": "Three youths misbehave with a girl on main road", "text": "MUMBAI: The MIDC police are on lookout for three youths for allegedly misbehaved with an 18-year-old girl in middle of the road on Thursday. The miscreants first gheraoed her and confined her to the roadside and one by one showed lewd action singing a song \"Aa kya bolti tuh, aati kya kandala\". The daring act went for almost 10-15 minutes before the locals came to the victim's help but the trio managed to give a slip from the locality.The incident occurred 9.30pm at Subhash Nagar near Rebello Compound on Mahakali Caves Road in MIDC, Andheri. The victim was returning home from work when the eve-teasers who were sitting on the roadside wall stopped her from going home. \"The trio fled away from the spot when locals intervened on seeing commotion on the roadside. They harassed the girl for 10-15 minutes before the locals, on hearing her shout, came for her rescue,\" said MIDC police inspector Deepak Bagwe.The girl is employed in a private company and got down from a bus stop which is in close vicinity close to the incident spot. In the complaint, the victim said, \"The three youths - Sameer, Ganesh and Shyam - resides in the neighbourhood at Subhash Nagar where I stay with my parents. Daily the three use to pass lewd comments and misbehaved with me but never dared to touch me.\"On Thursday the three youths crossed the limit and one among them caught the victim's hand and forced her to a side. \"One of the accused sang the first line of a song 'aa kya bolti tu'. Immediately the other danced in a muzra style and by bending in front of her asked 'aati kya khandala'. When the victim tried to free her from them, the third pushed her did not allow her to leave the place,\" said the investigators.The victim told the police, \"This has become a daily problem for her from the three when she passes from the locality. The matter worsened on Thursday night.\"The three miscreants has been booked under IPC sections 342 (wrongful confinement) and 509 (sexual harassment).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16306209", "title": "Heavy rain, poor drainage cause waterlogging", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city residents were woebegone on Friday after heavy rainfall led to extensive waterlogging in various parts of the city.The rainfall exposed the tall claims of Allahabad Municipal Corporation regarding sanitation and upkeep of drains in the city. While water entered many houses in the low lying areas, a rainy day was declared at most schools which remained shut.The rain started at about 1am on Friday and continued till the morning, paralyzing life and causing waterlogging in areas including George Town, Tagore Town, Mumfordganj, Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi, Tularambagh, Attarsuiya, Dariyabad, Kareli, Ghausnagar, Chowk, Bahadurgunj, Kotha Parcha, Muthigunj, Sabzi Mandi,Batsha Mandi, Nakhas Kohna, Lukerganj, Atala, Mohtashimgunj, Clock Tower, Ahmadgunj, Dara Shah Ajmal, Subzi Mandi, and other adjoining areas.Commuters' problems were compounded by the further deterioration of roads by the rains. Several heavy vehicles got stuck on the waterlogged roads, and several two-wheeler riders fell while traversing the damaged roads.Low lying areas in the Old City areas were the worst affected as drain water flowed out onto the streets in the absence of a proper drainage system. Water entered houses in Allahpur, Baghambari Gaddi,Salori, Rajapur, Kareli, Ghausnagar, JK Colony and other adjoining areas. Mohd Nazar, a resident of Ghausnagar said, \"I shifted to this locality five years ago, and have never witnessed such rain. Drains are always clogged in this area, but no one from Allahabad Municipal Corporation comes here to ensure cleanliness in the area.\"The residents complained that Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities had failed to adopt a comprehensive strategy to solve the menace of waterlogging in the city. The corporator of Allahpur Shiv Sewak Singh said, \"The drains are never cleaned properly, which water therefore overflows on the road. The people of Sanjay Nagar Malin Basti have to face this problem even when there are no rains.\"However, the water pumps at Morigate pumping station were pumping out the excess water regularly.Two pumps of the capacity of about 10 cusec were made operational for the purpose.Former corporator Kamlesh Singh said he rushed to the Morigate pumping station in the night itself and urged the personnel to operate the pumps so that excess water may be pumped out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305666", "title": "Schools have a duty to protect students: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has ordered a school to pay 5 lakh compensation to a boy who lost vision in his left eye after being hit by a stick in the classroom, saying educational institutions collecting fee from students have a duty to protect them.Passing the order, Justice K K Sasidharan said: \"The responsibility of the institution would start the moment a child is entrusted to it by parents and would end only after the departure of the student.\"During lunch break at the Hindu Higher Secondary School at Ambur, in Vellore district, on July 20, 2005, a Class IX boy took a bamboo stick left behind by his class teacher and threw it on his classmate. The boy was hit in the left eye, and the school authorities took him to a government hospital. It was only in the evening that the boy's father came to know about the incident. He rushed him to the Christian Medical College, but by then it was too late, and the boy lost vision in the left eye.He filed a petition seeking Rs 10 lakh compensation from the school.The school denied any liability on its part and said the tragedy happened due to the mischievous behaviour of another student. Justice Sasidharan, rejecting the school's stand, pointed out that the boy was first rushed to a government hospital which did not have any facility to treat an eye injury. \"It is a matter of record that not even first aid was given to the minor boy. It was his father who took him to CMC for expert treatment. The management should have informed the boy's father immediately so as to enable him to take the child to a specialist. The delay in giving timely and specialised treatment cost the minor his eye,\" the judge observed.Reiterating that the management did contribute to the loss of eyesight by delaying the treatment, Justice Sasidharan flayed the class teacher for having carelessly left the bamboo stick in the class itself. While holding the teacher guilty of carelessness and negligence, the judge said the school was vicariously liable for the act of its employees.Considering the gravity of the loss and the fact that the boy, now aged 21, would not be entitled to apply for certain jobs where full eyesight is required, Justice Sasidharan said the school should pay 5 lakh as compensation within two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16311017", "title": "ECI clamps down on paid news; sets deadline for action.", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a fresh bid to clamp down on instances of paid news during election campaigns, the Election Commission of India has, for the first time, set a deadline by which all chief electoral officers of states should dispose all complaints of paid news received from the state. In a circular, the EC has directed that the process of disposal of cases of paid news should ordinarily be completed within election period. The commission has fixed deadlines at all levels. Aimed at fast-tracking the disposal of suspected paid news-related cases during the elections, the commission has said returning officer will issue a notice to a candidate within 96 hours of receiving a complaint about a paid news item appearing in the print, broadcast or new media platform. On a reference made by the district media cell and monitoring committee (MCMC) the complainant will then need to explain the expenditure incurred for publishing the 'paid news' or similar matter, or state why the expenditure should not be included to the candidate's poll expenditure. The district level MCMC will have to decide on the reply from the candidate expeditiously and convey its final decision to the candidate. In case no reply is received by district MCMC from the candidate within 48-hour of serving the notice, the decision of the committee will be final. If the decision of district MCMC is not acceptable to the candidate, a candidate can appeal to the state MCMC within 48 hours of receipt of decision. The state level MCMC will have to dispose of the case within 96 hours of receipt of the appeal. The candidate may appeal against that decision to ECI within 48-hour of receiving of order and the decision of ECI will be final. The circular also mandates that in cases where the district or state level MCMC or ECI decide that it is a case of paid news, such cases should be conveyed to Press Council of India for further action in relation to the media concerned. All MCMCs have also been asked to ensure that instances of paid news are investigated into vigilantly and that all suspected cases of paid news should be referred to Returning Officers so that notices may be issued to candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304362", "title": "High degree of pride", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Convocations are an integral part of academic life at every university. The sight of students in ceremonial gowns holding their degrees, diplomas and certificates makes everyone feel happy and proud. Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology (KIIT) University will experience such moments of pride and fulfillment when it hosts its annual convocation on Sunday. It is also a matter of jubilation for KIIT University that this year it will confer the degree of D.Litt (Honoris Causa) on some outstanding personalities with academic excellence and political acumen. Among them are Prime Minister of Bhutan Jigmi Y Thinley, education minister of Afghanistan Farooq Wardak, secretary of state &amp; minister of foreign affairs (international cooperation), Cambodia Dr Kao Kim Hourn, president of Hanseo University, South Korea (DSc) Dr Ham Kee-Sun and former OUAT vice-chancellor Prof Baidyanath Mishra.KIIT's journey from a non-descript industrial training institute in 1993 to a world class unity was full of twists and turns. From a modest beginning to 20 sprawling state of art wi-fy campuses running almost 40 programmes in management, engineering, medicine, dentistry, law, bio-technology and humanities, KIIT has carved a niche for itself both in academics and research. The benchmark of KIIT's quality is demonstrated by the accreditation of NBA of AICTE and NAAC of the UGC and 2 Limca Book of Records for being the youngest institution to become a university.KIIT's excellence was put to test, the day it was chosen to host the 99th Indian Science Congress on its campus. KIIT did a sterling job of making everyone happy in this greatest ever scientific extravaganza attended by 18,000 scientists and several Nobel laureates from all over the world.KIIT endeavours to synergize scientific knowledge with social values. Jawaharlal Nehru rightly said, \"A university stands for humanism, for tolerance for progress, for adventure of ideas and for the onward march of the human race towards ever higher objectives\".Dr Achyuta Samata is the founder of KIIT &amp; KISS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16306349", "title": "Poster, food expo held", "text": "MANIPAL: The department of nutrition and dietetics of Kasturba Hospital, Manipal hosted a one-day poster and food exhibition on the theme Eat Healthy Live Healthy as a part of National Nutrition Week on Friday.Posters on healthy food habits and healthy food varieties were on display. Apart from this, brochures with information on the theme of the event to create awareness among visitors were also distributed.\"Our bodies must be fuelled several times each day so that all organs function efficiently and carry out all the daily tasks,'' said Suvarna Hebbar, chief dietician, Kasturba Hospital, Manipal.\"In the morning, after many hours without food, it is essential to refuel the body in order to provide the necessary nutrients and energy to get through the first part of the day. If our brain is not fed, it will act in a slow and sluggish manner, which will greatly impact the rest of the body,'' she said.``If we skip breakfast, we will feel tired, dizzy and irritable, and our ability to concentrate will be poor. Our body needs a healthy breakfast packed with vitamins and nutrients even as providing energy and fuel for the brain. The best food to be eaten at breakfast is complex carbohydrates such as grains including whole wheat or multi grain preparations and freshly made juice,'' she added.Deekshith Kumar Shetty, Daksha, Sujetha M Shetty and Nanditha from the department of nutrition and dietetics organized the programme for the benefit of patients and for public. The programme was inaugurated by Dr Padmaraj Hegde, medical superintendent, Kasturba Hospital, Manipal and Dr Sudha Vidyasagar, head of the dept of general medicine presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306854", "title": "Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation offers to open budget hotels at Gaya, Rajgir", "text": "PATNA: The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has decided to set up budget hotels at different locations across the country on non-railway land. Land for these hotels will be provided by respective state governments. The IRCTC is also keen on building budget hotels in Bihar if the state government offers land for this proposal.According to IRCTC managing director Nalin Singhale, in the first phase the IRCTC will construct budget hotels at Katra, Palanpur, Khajuraho and Chandigarh in Himachal Pradesh , Jammu and Kashmir , Madhya Pradesh and Chandigarh union territory respectively. The IRCTC has received positive response from these states and union territory and civil work is being started at Katra site in Himachal Pradesh, he said.A senior IRCTC official supervising the budget hotel project said the IRCTC would construct, manage and operate budget hotels on its own. The IRCTC has asked for about one to two acre land from these state governments on lease. While about 1.5 acre land was finalized recently in Bhubaneswar (Odisha), talks are going on for other sites in the country, he said, adding IRCTC also plans to build budget hotel at Puri sea resort in Odisha.According to an IRCTC official, Bihar has a huge potential for building budget hotels. Influx of tourists from foreign countries has been on the rise these days. \"IRCTC will accept any offer for building budget hotels, particularly at Bodh Gaya and Rajgir, from the state government,\" he said.Sources said the IRCTC had earlier proposed to build about 100 budget hotels having one hundred rooms across the country, including Bihar, at an estimated cost of Rs 20,000 crore on surplus railway land. However, the cash-strapped railways shelved this plan in 2011.Stung by the railway ministry's refusal to build budget hotels across the country, the IRCTC had no option but to look for opportunities to translate its budget hotel dream into a reality on non-railway land in different states, said an IRCTC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304058", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation to recarpet Mangalwari road overbridge", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after Maharashtra minister for public works Jaidutt Kshirsagar directed Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation to review the shoddy work on the Mangalwari road overbridge (ROB) reported first by TOI, MSRDC superintending engineer Jeevan Nikose said the ROB will be re-carpeted.On Thursday, TOI had reported how approach ramps on either sides of the ROB were peeling off, top surface crumbling and metal lying scattered all around even before the bridge was opened. Taking cognizance of TOI report, Kshirsagar and EGS minister Nitin Raut expressed concern over the shoddy work. Nikose, assistant superintending engineer Dipti Kale, executive engineer H Ghate inspected the ramps on Friday. Nikose also summoned the consultant and senior resident engineer H G Sheikh and representatives of Nagarjuna Construction Company that did the work.Nikose admitted top surface on both approach ramps had started crumbling. He said it happened not because of poor quality of material or workmanship, but because of \"delay in opening the ROB for traffic.\" The ramps were ready in November 2011 and but construction of deck slab over the railway tracks was delayed. This meant ROB was not opened for traffic and as a result, the surface was not pressed. Nikose pointed out that the ROB was damaged within the defect liability period. \"So the contractor has to restore it,\" he added.\"If the contractor fails to restore the road, the corporation would rectify the defect and recover the money by deducting the amount from the retention money,\" he added. The black topping will be done again to ensure that it withstands the vagaries of weather for five years. The work will commence after October, assured Nikose.113 grating stolenSome unidentified thieves stolen grating placed on storm water drain outlets over the ROB. The contractor has lodged a complaint with the Jaripatka police station.Keep ROB open, urges Youth CongActivists of Youth Congress on Friday met PWD executive engineer Jeevan Nikose and urged him to open the ROB for traffic. They said the ROB is constructed for the people of Nagpur and it should not be kept closed for any minister. On Thursday, Nikose had written to the DCP traffic Jivaraj Dabhade to ensure that the bridge is not used and it was closed. Later, Youth Congress activists opened it on their own. Nikose assured them that it would soon be opened for traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303931", "title": "\u2018Blood\u2019 traces on building hint at murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forty-eight hours after the mysterious death of Vaibhav Kumar (14), a promising athlete, the police theory of suicide has come under cloud, with forensic experts confirming recovery of \"blood-like\" samples from the fourth, fifth and seventh floors of Tower 4 of Skylark Apartments in Dwarka. Vaibhav, a student of Bal Bharati School, used to stay on the first floor.Police officials, however, said only a thorough examination could determine if the samples were Vaibhav's. \"It is too early to comment unless we get all the reports, including the postmortem and the forensic reports, to determine whether any foul play was involved. We have sent the call record details, the blood samples and the CCTV footage to the forensic teams. We are keeping all options open,\" said additional CP (southwest) A K Ojha.An analysis of the CCTV footage questions the suicide theory. Cameras 23 and 29, located near the lift and the milk booth, show that the Class IX student had returned from his English tuitions at 6.49pm. For 38 seconds, when he was waiting for the lift, he looked relaxed, stretched his hands and held a notebook. \"How can such a boy commit suicide?\" claimed Dr Vijendra Kumar, his father who runs a clinic at Vishnu Garden.\"I am a doctor and I understand when a patient collapses. We firmly believe he was dead hours before his body dropped on the ground floor, lifeless. His body had turned cold. His elbow was stiff and his pupils were extremely white. We tried to shut his eyes after doctors declared him dead at Ayushman Hospital but the upper eyelid closed partially, suggesting yet again that he was long dead. Add to it the lifeless manner in which his body hit the ground and the strange case where his sandals and notebook were placed on the terrace boundary wall, next to each other, and you know my son had been murdered. Yet, cops keep telling me that a murder case cannot be registered,\" alleged Kumar.He claimed his daughter and two relatives had gone upstairs around 10pm, three hours after Vaibhav went missing, to check the terrace. \"This alerted his killers who dumped his body. It is not unlikely that an insider, too, is involved.\"The footage also shows that Vaibhav's lifeless body landed on the ground at 10.08pm, immediately after her sister started rushed down. She reached the spot within 32 seconds.Vaibhav's relatives, including his two elder siblings, referred to the suspicious movement of three people inside the complex. Cops confirmed that the call details of a few \"people outside the family\" were being investigated. \"They will also be questioned,\" said an official.Kumar said his son was pulled out of the lift. \"The blood spots are around the same lift which Vaibhav had boarded when he was last seen alive on CCTV.\"\"I am a doctor and I understand when a patient collapses. We firmly believe he was dead hours before his body dropped on the ground floor, lifeless,\" says Vaibhav's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305560", "title": "Rs 3 lakh cash gift filched at Mylapore reception", "text": "CHENNAI: A thief escaped with Rs 3 lakh, given to a newly-married couple as a gift, from a wedding hall in Mylapore on Thursday night.Benjamin, 55, of Lourd Street, Mylapore, told the police that the theft occurred shortly after his son Henry's married Anitha, 25, of Mylapore, at Santhome Church on Thursday.After the wedding, Benjamin assigned a relative to collect gifts from guests at a reception organised at a marriage hall in Mylapore. \"The relative left a bag with 3 lakh in cash on a table to pose for a photograph,\" a police officer said. \"When he returned moments later, the bag went missing.\"Mylapore police have collected video footage from the reception and are scrutinising photographs for clues to the culprit.\"We are checking to see if the thief was caught on camera or in photographs taken at the reception,\" the officer said.Police believe that someone close to Benjamin's family could be involved in the theft and are questioning relatives. \"The family does not suspect any of the guests,\" the officer said., he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16306412", "title": "Three die of vector-borne diseases in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: Three people died of vector borne diseases here on Friday. According to doctors, the patients were suffering from severe infections while one among them was suffering from suspected Japanese Encephalitis.Nandkishor (35), was a suspected JE patient who died during treatment in Kalyanpur area on Friday afternoon. According to the doctors, he was showing symptoms similar to JE but there is no confirmed report for he being JE positive.Also, one Divya (30) died due typhoid at UHM hospital on Friday morning. She was brought to UHM on Tuesday and was suffering from acute typhoid along with viral infection.The third death was reported from a village in Sachendi block named Dadhiya. The patient named Dandhu (55) was suffering from diarrhoea. Though the doctors of health department who visited the village on Friday claimed that he died due to fever but the family members of Dandhu said that he was suffering from diarrhoea.Other than these deaths two more cases of dengue were reported in the city. One of them is being treated at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital and the other is in a private hospital. The JE patients detected here are also slowly recovering, say doctors.Dr RP Singh , HoD paediatrics, LLR hospital, said that Rita (5) is reported as dengue positive in the tests conducted at dengue detection lab of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College.The doctors said that 10 to 20 slide tests are conducted for dengue and malaria daily.\"Durgesh (14) came to paediatrics department on Thursday. The boy was reported as dengue positive in the lab test from an outside laboratory while our tested him negative. Hence, we are treating him as viral fever patient,\" added Dr Singh further.The spurt of viral and mystery fever are rising. On Friday, as many as 50 persons were reportedly suffering from viral infections. Some new diarrhoea cases also reported at the OPD on Friday.At UHM Hospital OPD, there are 20 cases of viral infections since Thursday midnight. The number of diarrhoea cases is three.At Kamlapat Singhania Memorial Hospital, ten viral fever cases were reported in the OPD on Friday and two patients were suffering from diarrhoea.The number of viral infection cases LLR OPD stood at 22 on Friday while the number of diarrhoea patients was not provided by the OPD authorities.The OPD charts of biggest district hospitals also show a serious picture of malaria and mystery fever. At UHM, 30 cases of malaria and mystery fever were reported since past ten days while this number is even more at LLR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16306011", "title": "Kochi NGO wants Kochiites to cycle along metro line", "text": "KOCHI: A city-based NGO has put forward a proposal for constructing a hanging cycle track below Kochi metro's main carriage way. The project will incur an expense of Rs 25crore, in addition to the metro project cost of Rs 5,182 crore.The idea is to encourage a new cycling culture in the city, said Better Kochi Response Group (BKRG).The unique project envisages the construction of a hanging cycle track with a provision to park 500 to 1,000 cycles at select points. According to the plan, a 5.8 metre-wide track - with a vertical clearance of 2.1 metres - can be built below the metro's carriage way.As per statutory regulations, a ground clearance of 5.5 metres will be given to the cycle track. Thus, people can move easily between metro stations without depending on other vehicles. BKRG has pointed out that the tracks can be incorporated as part of the project by slightly modifying the design. BKRG said the cycle project is possible, if the height of the metro's pillar is increased by 2.1 metres.A unidirectional track, with a width of 2 metres, can be constructed on both sides of the pillars supporting the metro track. Since the metro track deck is about 9 metres wide, it will remain a small structure below the deck. Cycles can be parked in the space between two tracks.Citizens can access the track at various points through stairs, in addition to the ones at metro stations. The possibility of cycle theft is minimal as there are only select entry and exit points for people.The cycles would be given unique colours and designs for identification. Speaking on the project, BKRG president, S Gopakumar said, \"By providing a safe cycle path, we can encourage people to reduce the use of two-and-three wheelers. This green initiative will reduce carbon emissions. The cycles will be given free of charge and the metro agency can generate revenue by giving space for advertisements on the track as well as the cycles.\"The proposal was sent to chief minister Oommen Chandy , principal advisor to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation E Sreedharan and Kochi Metro Rail Corporation MD Elias George on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16311147", "title": "Mercedes-Benz opens new showroom", "text": "PUNE: Luxury car manufacturer Mercedes-Benz India has inaugurated a new dealership in the national capital.Spread over 20,000 sq. ft. and built with an overall investment of more than Rs 5 crore, the T&T; Motors' showroom in West Delhi will have a range of Mercedes-Benz cars including the all new B-Class Sports Tourer, a statement issued by the company said.Mercedes-Benz India managing director and chief executive officer (CEO) Peter Honegg and T&T; Motors Ltd. chairman Ravi Talwar inaugurated the dealership on Friday in the presence of Debashis Mitra, director, sales and marketing, Mercedes-Benz India.\"Big metros will remain key enablers for driving growth for Mercedes-Benz India, and Delhi will play a pivotal role in this growth story as it is a matured market with a well established base for connoisseurs of luxury cars. Delhi has tremendous growth potential for Mercedes-Benz as our customer base has been rapidly increasing here and the buyers want to experience the superlative attributes of the Brand Mercedes-Benz,\" Honegg, said.Inauguration of T&T; Motors West Delhi is part of our 'Go to Customer' strategy which is defining newer benchmark for the luxury car industry in India. We wish to expand our footprints in more Indian cities,\" Honegg added.With the inauguration of T&T; Motors West Delhi, the first ever Mercedes-Benz showroom in West Delhi, Mercedes-Benz retains the distinction of being the leading luxury car brand with the densest sales and service network penetration in India with 72 touchpoints spread over 31 Indian cities. The dealership will have Mercedes Cafe as well. Services like easy finance , insurance of the cars will be available at the new dealership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304946", "title": "Rahul's two-day visit to Amethi from September 13", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi will pay a two-day visit to his parliamentary constituency Amethi next week. He is scheduled to attend district vigilance and monitoring committee meeting in the collectorate compound on the first day of his visit on September 13, says a UPCC release. He would also be touring the rural areas of his constituency and meet party workers during his visit.LMC office open: Zonal offices of Lucknow Municipal Corporation will remain open on Saturday and Sunday to allow people to deposit their house tax with 10% rebate by September 15. Additional municipal commissioner PK Srivastava said that people can avail the facility, which may be extended further.Saakshar Bharat Mahotsav: National Literacy Mission Authority, ministry of human resource development kicked off the mega three-day event 'Saakshar Bharat Mahotsav' on Friday with the inauguration of Kriti exhibition by governor BL Joshi on Friday. This was followed by a panel discussion focusing on importance of education. The mahotsav is conceptualised by department of school education and literacy to promote and strengthen adult education in the country. Kriti is an exhibition by Jan Shikshan Sansthan, a vocational institute, to impart vocational training to non literates, neo literates and individuals possessing rudimentary level of education. The exhibition highlighted government's efforts to improve literacy levels and consequently livelihood opportunities for the neo-literates. The exhibition featured 35 stalls showcasing exquisite range of products like Jute craft, carpet weaving, paintings, paper products, tribal products, artificial jewellery etc. A panel discussion was also organised as a part of the mahotsav, which saw participation from eminent panellists.Appointed: In order to expedite the disposal of cases, the government on Friday issued a notification for appointing special judicial magistrates in 12 districts of the state which include Aligarh, Allahabad, Ballia, Barabanki, Bareilly, Farrukhabad, Firozabad, Jalaun, Jhansi, Lucknow, Muzaffarnagar and Saharanpur. These judicial magistrates will give priority in disposing of criminal and civil cases in courts.Workshop: School for Potential Advancement and Restoration of Confidence (SPARC-India) is organising a workshop for doctors, advocates, architects and mediapersons at Jai Shankar Prasad auditorium on Saturday. The workshop aims at putting forward various challenges being faced by children and persons with disabilities and to discuss the changed scenario for rehabilitation of challenged persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16305270", "title": "Thane civic engineering department head puts in papers corruption allegations", "text": "THANE: The controversial head of the city engineering department of the Thane Municipal Corporation, K D Lala, submitted his resignation letter to civic chief R A Rajeev on Friday, apparently miffed over news reports suggesting corruption and collusion with contractors and politicians in road-construction projects.Lala was the technical and administrative head of the engineering department, which plans infrastructure projects and awards tenders worth crores of rupees to private contractors for the same.News reports in TOI earlier this week had raised questions about the inflated costs and the technical specificationsinvolved in the construction of the 2-km Gladys Alvares road in Thane. at Pokhran-2 here.The Rs 34.99-crore road project is the brainchild of the city engineering department, which supervised work and disbursed funds to the private contractor for this project. The reports had created a flutter in the corridors of power at the TMC, with Rajeev ordering an inquiry by a technical expert from IIT-Bombay to probe if the technical specifications as mandated in the contract have been met.Officials in the city engineering department are understood to have spent anxious moments after the civic chief ordered the investigation. Lala's decision to seek voluntary retirement from the TMC has come has a shock to a section of municipal officials and political functionaries in the corporation who have shared a long association with him. Lala is understood to have sent SMSes to MLAs and top political leaders in Thane, informing them of the development.Rajeev has acknowledged that he has received a resignation letter from Lala.\"The resignation note with my recommendation will be put up before the general body of the corporation for a final decision. Moreover, the House will have to ascertain if any inquiry is pending or any probe has been ordered into any of the decisions taken by Lala. There is an administrative process before the resignation can be accepted,\" Rajeev told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16305183", "title": "Mormugao Municipal Council gets new No. 2", "text": "Vasco: Sudesh Korgaonkar was elected vice-chairperson of the Mormugao Municipal Council on Friday. His was the only nomination received after the post was vacated by Krishna alias Daji Salkar, chairman of Mormugao Planning and Development Authority, allegedly after a mutual understanding. Shortly after assuming his new role, Korgaonkar said he would help in the development of Vasco town. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16332511", "title": "Police stations where FIRs can't be lodged", "text": "RANCHI: There are at least half a dozen police stations in the state capital which are yet to be notified as police stations where FIRs cannot be registered. Mostly the residents Cops from these units rush to their parent police stations to lodge a complaint.Argora, Daily Market, Sukhdeo Nagar, Gonda, and Hindpidhi are such \"non-notified\" police stations of the 18 police stations in the district.The administrative technicalities have also made common man suffering. If an incident occurs at 10am under Hindpidhi police station area, the FIR would not be lodged till evening. Subash Kashyap whose father was assaulted by a boy said the accused was not detained as no FIR was lodged.The Kashyap family was asked by Hindpidhi police to submit the complaint. It was submitted around 11am. As Hindpidhi PS forwarded the complaint to its parent Kotwali police station in the evening, the FIR was lodged in the evening. \"It was only at night that police started searching for my father's assaulter and he escaped,\" added Kashyap. Most of the complaints are forwarded from non-notified police stations to parent PSs only in the evening.Ranchi leads all 24 districts in Jharkhand in terms of crime statistics and the number of police stations has grown. But the district police cannot ask for additional police forces for these police stations in case of emergencies. \"Posts are not sanctioned for the non-notified police stations,\" said an IPS officer.Work in such police stations also suffer during general and assembly elections since there is no provisions for deploying paramilitary forces in areas which are under \"non-notified\" police stations. The Election Commission makes arrangement for the deployment of paramilitary forces only at police stations which are notified by the government.Such a situation in the state capital has surprised many. \"Daily market police asked me to go to Kotwali to lodge an FIR. My statements, however, were recorded at Daily market police station,\" said Nausad Ali, a businessman on Main Road. Ali's brother had a brawl with a neighbor recently. As the non-notified police stations have to run to their parent police stations for lodging FIRs, they are always late in preparing case dairies. It has a bearing on the investigation of criminal cases.Ranchi leads all 24 districts in Jharkhand in terms of crime statistics. In June, 10 murder cases, 17 kidnapping, eight dacoity and 202 cases of theft were reported. In May, 22 cases of murders, 20 kidnapping, and 190 cases of theft had been reported. In April, 19 murder cases, 16 kidnapping and 187 cases of theft were reported.Senior police officials of the district police ask the non-notified police stations to intensify patrolling after every major incident of rape or murder in town. This comes as a difficult proposition for them as these police stations do not have required number of vehicles. At Gonda police station, policemen use the gypsy vehicle of the officer in-charge to patrol areas under its jurisdiction. A police officer said, \"We survive on the grace of our parent police stations. As we do not exist as police stations in records, sanction of vehicles is not made.\"Policing norms say every police station where sub-inspectors are deployed should be a notified one. An IPS officer said no post was sanctioned for these police stations. \"Police officers from notified police stations are deployed at non-notified police stations because the district police cannot demand more officers for non-notified police stations,\" he added.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh acknowledged the problem. \"Due to such a situation policemen have to face some difficulties. But common people enjoy equal cooperation from them. FIRs are also accepted but are not lodged at these police stations,\" he said. \"I have already sent proposals for notifications of a few of them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304284", "title": "Enough is enough", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The arterial Mahatma Gandhi Marg regained its normal busy look on Friday, a day after the violent clash between police and Congress supporters, but Bhubaneswar citizens feel it is high time the government designated some other place in the capital as a venue for rallies and demonstrations.The state's most high profile residents, including bureaucrats, ministers and MLAs reside on either side of MGM that connects Master Canteen to PMG Square. These people go through nightmares when protestors under the banners of different outfits lay siege of the area to press for their demands during the assembly sessions. The rallies often worsen law and order situations like the one which occurred on Thursday, jeopardizing lives of the inhabitants.\"Though we stay in a posh locality, we suffer a lot due to such rallies and demonstrations. It is high time the government chose an alternative place to allow protesters raise their demands. This is a sensitize zone near the assembly. Security and civic amenities need to improve here,\" said Debi Pattnaik, a resident of the area. \"Some protestors on Thursday tried to storm into the houses in the area while police were chasing them,\" he added.\"Besides, these protesters grossly violate all noise pollution norms by blaring public address systems. We can neither read nor sleep,\" Pattnaik added.\"We face difficulty when police erect barricades in front of our houses blocking our movements. The frontage of the houses in the locality becomes a public thoroughfare,\" said director of Nandankanan zoological park S K Panda, who resides here.Sources said the Orissa high court, in 2006, had asked the state government to identify another place, preferably a less crowded one, where such demonstrations could be shifted from the busy MGM. Accordingly, the commissionerate last year identified Janta Maidan and an open space behind Satya Nagar Kali Temple for rally venue. But it did not work out as the protestors opposed the move tooth and nail.\"Since MGM is at a stone's throw from the assembly, the agitators prefer this location to others,\" a police officer said.The demonstrators said they did not intend to paralyze traffic or pollute the area by staging demonstrations. \"We are fighting for our causes. We also face a lot of hardships by spending nights on the road. People should cooperate with us,\" said Subhanjan Swain, an activist.Security threat apart, the residents alleged that the demonstrations have also taken their toll on the public health and sanitation in the area.\"Many demonstrators indulge in open defecation causing hazard to the environment. Women protestors have no qualms to sleep in open jeopardizing their own lives,\" he said.BMC mayor A N Jena said the civic body is carrying out cleaning activities after rallies. \"We are also charging money from the demonstrators to bear the expenses of sanitation activities. It will be better for us if the demonstrations are held on city outskirts,\" Jena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304020", "title": "Unplanned mixing on BRT feeds chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The transport department has taken the Delhi high court's order for mixed traffic on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid transit corridor quite literally. Traffic on the corridor has degenerated into chaos in the past month as the department has been allowing traffic to mix without implementing any of the measures that were in place during the trial run by CRRI.Neither the signal phasing, which was an important part of the experimental run, nor the segregation of vehicles based on direction of traffic, is in place at the corridor. The result: vehicles move in all lanes, there are long queues at intersections during peak hours and traffic rules are violated rampantly. Sanjeev Kumar , a resident of Madangir Village, said, \"Travelling on the BRT has become a nightmare. I have to allot an extra hour to my journey either way to reach any place.\" While journeys have become longer, it's especially hard for the school buses that travel on the road. Pritha Goswami, a resident of Pushp Vihar, said, \"My daughter takes the bus from Sheikh Sarai nowadays as the school bus doesn't stop at my colony anymore because of the excess traffic.\"During the trial run by CRRI, however, the mixed traffic had been successful, said Kumar. \"The traffic movement was smooth then, and travel time had gone down.\" None of the measures that were in place then have been implemented by the transport department now. During the trial, CRRI had changed the signal cycle at important intersections like Chirag Dilli. There were five signal cycle changes \u2014 four for motorized vehicles and one for non-motorised vehicles and pedestrians \u2014 reflecting the volume of traffic on the road. More importantly, the lanes had been demarcated for directional traffic. So vehicles turning left or headed straight plied on the left carriageway while the right turning vehicles travelled in the dedicated bus lane. To correspond to the directional movement of buses, some of the bus stops were relocated to the kerb side.The CRRI report adds: \"At Chirag Dilli intersection, one additional lane was marked for right turning traffic from Sheikh Sarai to Nehru Place. Similarly, one additional right turning traffic lane was provided at Sheikh Sarai intersection for right turning traffic from Chirag Delhi to Saket during the trial run.\" Also, clear signage had been put up, which added to better movement of traffic.Reacting to a TOI story published on Tuesday, DIMTS admitted that it was only assisting in the operation of the traffic signal and monitoring the corridor through its OCC (operational control centre). However, it maintained it was not in-charge of BRT anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16310752", "title": "Give patient hearing to common man: Pranab Mukherjee to police officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: A patient hearing to the grievances of the common man and an honest effort to help him should be the mantra for police, President Pranab Mukherjee told a gathering of top police officers of the country here.The President, while addressing the police DGs and IGs at Rashtrapti Bhavan last night, said there was no room for \"complacency\" for the forces and the country has a lot of expectations from them.Mukherjee told senior police officials that grievances of the common man should never be undermined or ignored.While it may not be possible to solve all problems, most of the time, a patient hearing, advice with empathy and an honest effort on the part of the police would lead to considerable improvement in the overall image of the Police force as well as the government, he said.The President, according to a Rashtrapati Bhawan statement, described the police constable as the visible face of the government in most of rural India and called upon police personnel to respond with sensitivity to the concerns and complaints of the public.He said that a large majority citizens form their opinion about the government based on the response and efficiency of policemen to their concerns.Mukherjee asked senior police officials to remain vigilant against violations of human rights and take prompt action whenever a grievance relating to human rights is brought to their attention, adding that by showing respect for human rights, the police can win the confidence of the public.The President described the challenges facing India on the law and order front as \"complex\" and said he understood the enormity of the problem and how police departments had to address challenges with courage and determination despite inadequacy of human and financial resources.\"The President called for enhancing the technical competence of the police at all levels with a view to enhancing effective functioning and improving the overall administration of the criminal justice system.\"He congratulated police forces for doing a good job under tremendous pressure and said there was no room for complacency. He stated that the country expects much more and he was confident they would rise up to expectations,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308311", "title": "Bangalore loves the sound of music", "text": "A mall isn't just a place to get retail therapy, but also a one to hang out and just unwind. This is something that Bangaloreans associate with The Forum mall, one of the city's first shopping and entertainment destinations. And since Bangalore is known as the 'Rock Capital of the country', the Forum decided to conduct a music festival called 'Break Free', which invited aspiring musicians to participate in a four-day competition under categories such as classical, fusion and rock music.The event saw a large number of registrations pouring in not only from Bangalore, but also from Kochi, Delhi and Mangalore. With an interesting mix of corporate bands, solo performers and an under-14 band, Break Free was a great platform for musicians to showcase their talent. The first day started with the classical music competition, which was judged by GS Mani. Day Two of the fest saw members from the band Swarathma judging the fusion performances, while Slain stepped in on the third day to judge the rock leg of the fest. And at the end of each day, the judges themselves performed for the audiences. On the last day of Break Free, celebrity guest and playback singer Kailash Kher drew the crowds in with an energetic performance of some of his best hits.Anusha Bhat (Classical), Antardhwani (Fusion) and The News (Rock) were declared Break Free winners in their respective genres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309062", "title": "Art and Music Unplugged in Mumbai", "text": "At this arty and musical do, called Art and Music Unplugged, 14 artworks by various artists were on display. Held at a popular hotel in Mumbai, Anushka Manchanda set the mood with her numbers, the night got buzzing with the presence of Imran Khan who was ushered in by Thomas Guss.Imran's wife Avantika, Gul Panag , Mini Mathur and Kabir Khan , Bikram Saluja and Schauna Chauhan, Meiyang Chang, Coleen Khan, Neeti Mohan and Shiv Pundit were here too. Hosts Reshma Jani, Shwetambari Soni and Shruti Seth made sure everyone had a good time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306185", "title": "Relatives of college student who killed self stage road block", "text": "COIMBATORE: Relatives of a college girl, who committed suicide on Thursday at her hostel room in Karpagam Institute of Technology in Coimbatore, organised a road block in front of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) on Friday demanding proper police action against the college management. The relatives accused the college physics teacher of scolding her severely and abetting her suicide. They also accused the management of protecting the teacher. The city police has arrested 16 persons including two women.P Mahalakshmi (18), from Pappireddipatti in Dharmapuri district, who was studying first year ECE at Karpagam Institute of Technology at Madukkari, was found hanging in her hostel room on Thursday afternoon. The girl's body was sent to CMCH for postmortem. However, the relatives of the deceased gathered at the hospital on Friday morning and they refused to receive the body.\"She did not have any personnel problems. My sister Mahalakshmi completed class 12 in Tamil medium and could not speak English. Thus, when a lecturer asked her a question, she answered in Tamil. The teacher scolded her for answering in Tamil,\" said J Sangeetha, elder sister of the deceased. A physics lecturer of the college had tortured Mahalakshmi, abetting her suicide, she added.Mahalakshmi committed suicide by hanging using her duppatta from the ceiling fan in her hostel room. She had written a note on her hand seeking apology from her mother for taking the extreme step.Relatives of the girl and the CPM party took to the streets, blocking Trichy Road in front of CMCH. They demanded that police conduct a detailed investigation and book the lecturer for abetting the student's suicide. After 20 minutes, 16 protesters were removed from the road. \"The college management should take severe action against the lecturer,\" said CPM district secretariat member UK Sivagnanam.The college management denied the allegations. \" Mahalakshmi told the hotel warden that she was not well and she remained in her room. Later she committed suicide. Our college lecturers are very friendly and they certainly will not drive a student to suicide. Teachers don't discriminate between Tamil and English medium students,\" said K Murugaiah, Chief Executive Officer of Karpagam Educational Institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304174", "title": "Hotels, parlours wait for return exodus", "text": "BANGALORE: The special train from Guwahati, which chugged into the city railway station early on Tuesday, brought back more than 800 people from the northeast. But most of them are students, happy to be back in Bangalore to complete their courses.The workers have stayed home, and the huge vacuum created in mid-August by their exodus is yet to be filled. The business world, particularly the hotel industry, is disappointed that the working class has chosen to stay away.Hotel owners point out that the first batch which returned comprises mainly students. They say the workers, after ascertaining that most business establishments could not fill up the vacancies, are now demanding bigger pay packets. What holds the workers in good stead is their hard work.\"They've realized that they now have bargaining power and the onus is on them to strike good deals. They are playing it smartly,\" said Shabbir, director of Imperial Hotels.Shabbir said that not a single boy has returned after 30 workers from the northeast quit his hotel, following life-threatening rumours before Ramzan.\"The fact is we know they have no jobs back home. After making many inquiries, they understand that their jobs are safe and their employers are struggling in their absence. So they are bargaining hard,\" said Shabbir, adding that a couple of hotel owners are sending their supervisors and managers to railway stations to grab the early birds.RS Dharmendra , manager of Amoeba, admitted that workers from the northeast and some other states are in demand. While more than 70% of workers from Tamil Nadu are employed in the infrastructure sector, workers from Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Rajasthan are skilled in the furniture business. The real problem is that Karnataka's working class moves into business and trade, said Dharmendra.\"Even halwais (sweetmeat makers) are from Lucknow, Hyderabad and Gujarat. That's the reason labour is expensive in Bangalore and the cost of living is high,\" said Dharmendra.TIRELESS WORKERSAnees-ul-Haq, owner of Taj Hotel on Old Poor House, made no secret of his opinion that people from the northeast are hard workers. \"I lost 18 of them. I'm willing to hike their wages and meet their demands and I want them back,\" said Anees, admitting that most hotels in the city and hair styling units have been hit hard.\"Be it cleaning or making rotis and parathas, they go about it tirelessly and I'm very impressed. Daily wages apart, I provide dormitory accommodation and one meal a day for the boys,\" said Anees.Not able to cater to the customer rush, owners of beauty parlours are in constant touch with their employees who have left, assuring them of safety and an increase in salaries. So too are florists, who swear by people of the northeast. Security agencies are also waiting for the next special train, due to arrive on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311839", "title": "Ragini to do special number in 'Prem Adda'", "text": "So what if the makers of Prem Adda could not get adult star Sunny Leone to groove to a special number in their film. They did manage to get Scarlet Wilson, of Shanghai fame, to shimmy to the item.And then, when director Mahesh Babu and lead actor Prem thought that they could add to the excitement by getting another B-town starlet to do a jathre song, news emerged that Scarlet had appeared in a song in the film Mahanadi and was no longer exclusive to Prem Adda.Miffed and scared that their next choice might also be 'poached' by other filmmakers, the makers of Prem Adda then decided to scout for the right person back home. And they've now zeroes in on namma Ragini Dwivedi.The actor, who was in Kochi recently to shoot for her film with Mammootty , confirmed the news to us. \"The makers of Prem Adda approached me for the song. I've heard the song and I think it is kick-ass. It has a nice 80-ish feel to it. We are still working out the dates as to when I can shoot for the song. We are looking at giving it a Sholay feel,\" says Ragini, who is currently busy completing her cop thriller Ragini IPS and Malayalam movie Face 2 Face .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16304182", "title": "Attigeri's adults are proud to be literate", "text": "WORLD LITERACY DAYAttigeri is a sleepy little village in Haveri district: people here move at a pace unthinkable for city dwellers and live simple rustic lives. On Saturday, this village will rise to national fame when it receives an award for its achievement in adult education in the country.In recognition of the state's efforts to improve its literacy level, Attigeri gram panchayat has been selected by the National Literacy Mission Authority under the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) for implementing an adult education programme, Sakshar Bharat. The award will be conferred by vice-president Hamid Ansari at Lucknow on Saturday.With a population of around 4,500, the village is largely agricultural. There are around 725 illiterates among them. When the adult education programme in the village started in June 2011, around 350 people, in the 15-45 age group, enrolled for it. Of these, an impressive 216 are women. The efforts put in by Attigeri Gram Lokashikshan Samithi (GLS) contributed largely to this programme. When the adult literacy rate rose to 61% from 46% in this village, it caught the attention of the central government for the award.In the first exam that came up after six months, 70 students passed. In the next attempt, 150 of them joined the group of neo-literates in the state.The programme has one volunteer teaching 10 people. Classes start after a hard day's work at 7pm and go on till 9.30pm. With 34 volunteers at work, it's hard for the villagers not to get into the spirit of learning.\"Our teaching methods were simple. We tried to understand the IQ level of the farmers. We gathered what interests them and how simplified things should be when presented to them,\" said CR Patil, prerak (motivator) for the programme, who will represent Attigeri in Lucknow.\"In the beginning, farmers refused to turn up for the classes. We had to go to their homes and call them. The attendance level drops during the rainy season and when farming activity peaks. Our challenge is to keep their interests alive and set education as their top priority. The convincing part took long. We held classes in temples, old schools and open places in the village for one hour every night. We taught from 'Bala-Belaku', the book for adults to learn about writing and reading,\" said Patil.Many of the volunteers are members of the gram panchayat and some others are teachers at the local government school. There are female volunteers, specifically for women. \"Being a guru is a great matter in India. It's a matter of pride for us to see our own village progressing,\" said Basavaraj S Hadapad, a volunteer.Similar laurels had come Karnataka's way last year as well, when Doddabyadarhalli gram panchayat, Mandya, was awarded the Satyen Maitra Award 2011.LIFE-CHANGING LESSONSShivanand Niralagi, a farmer, wakes up early and walks to a small library in the village and reads all the leading Kannada dailies. He keeps his fellow villagers informed about breaking news, important events and happening in state politics, society and other issues. Till last year, Shivanand was not even able to write his name, but today he can not only write, but also help others read papers and other documents.\"I did not know how to write my name and read the newspaper or any document, but after I started going for adult literacy classes, I can read and write now. I also sign my name on documents instead of placing my thumb impression,\" said Hanumantappa Himbadi, 45, a farmer.( With inputs from Basavaraj Kattimani )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305600", "title": "Infant\u2019s body found in garbage bin", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a newborn boy was found in a dustbin on Anna Main Road in MGR Nagar on Friday. Police are now searching for the infant's mother.Police said there were no injury marks on the infant's body. The body has been sent to Government Hospital in Royapettah.A few men, who were clearing the garbage bins early on Friday, spotted a hand in the dump. They alerted their superviser who then called police. Police rushed to the spot and sent the body to the hospital.Police said the body must have been dumped sometime in the night. \"Garbage is cleared in the morning, so the infant's body could have been dumped there any time in night,\" a police officer said.The police officer also said the baby may have dumped as it appeared to be a premature baby.Police have questioned staff of hospitals located nearby and residents, but to no avail.\"A probe is on. We have collected details of hospitals where children were born recently. We have also questioned residents to find out if they saw anyone suspicious,\" said a policeman.\"Police should trace the parents and punish them,\" said a resident of MGR Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303812", "title": "Offers pouring in at IIT-Indore", "text": "INDORE: This is one of the better news for the job seekers in an economy which is not into its best phase.Three students at the newly established Indian Institute of Technology, Indore(IIT-I) have been offered a pre-placement employment offers on an annual package of Rs 10.2 lakhs per annum by the Software giant Microsoft.The students namely Ujjwal Sen,Sahil Dhoked and Anukriti Jain are the ones who have been picked up by the company which plans to hire some more talent from the institute in the coming months.Nearly 22 students from the institute had taken up a summer internship programme with the company which later gave offers to 3 of them.They will be given postings for the Hyderabad office.Pre-placement offers usually start from July-August and go on till October-November at premier engineering colleges in the country. The final placement starts from December. Seeing the initial response from the industry the placement cell at the institute is confident to have good response. \"After a lull of nearly two years, pre-placement offers are pouring.It is a good sign. We are talking to several companies to know their interest in hiring. Many more are expected in coming days. We are confident that the institute's talent will get good response from industry,\" said Rohit Joshi, assistant placement officer, IIT-I.Microsoft is also conducting written test for the prospective candidates at the institute on Saturday to screen few more students. Around 35 students are expected to sit the test, which will decide their future prospects.Meanwhile, the recent offer along with the industry's inclined interest in hiring, the newly-established IIT has raised hopes of students who were feeling insecure due to the slowdown in the economy and IIT-I being the new campus among all IITs.Speaking on the condition of anonymity, one of the students at institute said, \"Students were really concerned about the placements as the institute is new; it is still running from rented premises.Slowdown is the major cause. Recent offer has raised hopes. However, a good package is a major concern of many. Several students have started looking prospects abroad or pursuing management.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16308767", "title": "Terror groups will try to use sea route to enter India: Manmohan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after the Intelligence Bureau talked about India's vulnerability to global terrorists, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday expressed how the terror threat persists unabated with the militant groups' ability to use sea routes to enter the country at the time when they already stepped up their infiltration attempts across the Line of Control and the International Border.Asking top cops of the country to exercise utmost vigilance not only along land border but also along maritime boundary, Singh said: \"There are indications about terrorist groups maintaining their ability to use the sea route\".The Prime Minister also expressed deep concern over increase in communal incidents in the past few months when the country not only witnessed a month long violence in Assam but also felt its repercussions in other parts where certain elements used social media network and SMSsMMSs to spread inflammatory messages and doctored videos to create panic and social unrest.Addressing chiefs of state police, central paramilitary forces and intelligence agencies here during a security meet, Singh said: \"We need to devise strategies to counter the propaganda that is carried out by new means of communication\". He, however, emphasized that \"any measure to control the use of such media must be carefully weighed against the need for the freedom to express and communicate\".In a clear reference to what had happened in southern states and Maharashtra in the wake of Assam violence, the PM said: \"The increase in the communal incidents in the country in the past few months and revival of ethnic tensions is a matter of concern....There is a need for re-orienting our police forces to effectively track the sentiments of the people and inter-community tensions\".Excerpts of PM's speech:The ethnic, religious and cultural diversity in our country is a source of strength and vitality to India. We must therefore, continue to strengthen the thread of unity running through our variegated societal landscape. It is in this context that the increase in the communal incidents in the country in the past few months and the revival of ethnic tensions in the North East in recent weeks have been particular causes of concern to all of us. The ethnic disturbances of the North East assumed a national dimension with the flight of people belonging to the North East from various towns of South and Western India. This further strained the communal situation in the country, which was already showing some signs of deterioration, particularly in the states of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Kerala.The erosion in inter-community relations is something that should worry us all. The capacity of the administrative set-up to check such deterioration seems to have weakened. This would be true of the police administration as well. There is, therefore, a case for re-orienting our police forces to effectively track the sentiments of the people and inter-community tensions as they rise. Advance identification of potential trouble makers, timely use of preventive sections of the law, alongside seeking cooperation of the community for maintaining peace should be the first instruments to be deployed, well before the situation deteriorates. It is particularly important to obtain assistance of saner elements of the society to marginalise those who are overtly intolerant and aggressive. We must train our police personnel to develop these soft skills. The grassroots information and intelligence collection systems that have traditionally been a part of policing have languished in some places. The role of a vigilant and effective beat constable can be vital in detecting communal tensions. I hope you would pay adequate attention to these aspects of policing.The use of bulk SMSes and social media to aggravate the communal situation is a new challenge that the recent disturbances have thrown before us. We need to fully understand how these new media are used by miscreants. We also need to devise strategies to counter the propaganda that is carried out by these new means. Any measure to control the use of such media must be carefully weighed against the need for the freedom to express and communicate. I am sure that in the coming months our police forces would be able to work out effective strategies to deal with these tendencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16306705", "title": "Shivali case: IO told to collect all evidence", "text": "JALANDHAR: Commissioner of police Gaurav Yadav has appointed ADCP (HQ) Navjot Singh Mahal as the investigating officer in the Shivali suicide case in which a lady cop and two photographers were booked for abetment.A case under Section 306 of IPC was registered against the trio - police inspector Balwinder Kaur and photo journalist Brijesh Kumar and cameraman Ravi - on Thursday night.Yadav said that the investigating officer had been asked to bring on record all available evidence. He has been told to collect oral statements from witnesses and documentary evidence, including inquiry report of Jalandhar zone IG Gurpreet Deo and proceedings under Section 174 of CrPC conducted by the Government Railway Police.\"The investigating officer will record the statements, bring documentary and other evidences, including video footage on record and take further action in accordance with the provisions of law,\" Yadav said.Meanwhile, Punjab Press Club submitted separate memoranda to Punjab chief minister and DCP stating that the photographers were wrongly booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "16305993", "title": "Namboothiri cooks for church", "text": "KOTTAYAM: On Friday evening, Yedu Pazhayidom looked quite confident when he took charge of the kitchen at the Manarcad St Mary's Cathedral in the absence of his father. It is the kitchen where 'paachoru', the specially prepared rice which believers buy on the final day of the Ettunombu (eight-day fast) at the cathedral, is cooked.This church is one of the most important churches of the Jacobite Syrian Christians and it is the first time in its history that the job of preparing the 'paachoru' was given out for contract.The junior Pazhayidom had to lead his team as his father, the renowned chef, Pazhayidom Mohanan Namboothiri, was in Bahrain for preparing Onam feast for several Malayali associations there. \"He is expected to join us by midnight. But if there is any delay in his flight, we will have to manage ourselves,\" said the 25-year-old, who is an MBA in marketing and finance.Looking at the ingredient list, one can understand that it will not be an easy task for Yedu. The list reads -10,000 kg of rice, 10,000 kg of jaggery and 12,000 coconuts. \"We will start work at 7pm and by 7am on Saturday, we have to fill the boxes with 'paachoru',\" said Yedu, who sounded confident about meeting the deadline. He is assisted by a 50-member team and there are 12 fire places in the two kitchens.Meanwhile, Fr Andrews Cor Episcopa Chiravathara, associate vicar of the church, lighted the fire place of the kitchen on Friday evening. \"Around 20,000 people are expected to buy the 'paachoru', which is an age-old ritual as part of the annual feast here,\" said Geevagheses Kuriakose Anivelil, a trustee member of the church. The rice will be served in clay pots of different sizes with charges ranging from Rs 25 to Rs 250.The name Pazhayidom is synonymous with traditional Kerala vegetarian food. The senior Pazhayidom became famous preparing food for the students who take part in the state youth festivals. He has been doing that since 2005. He began his career as a helper to the famous cook, Malamel Neelakantan Namboothiri in 1990. In 1996, he started 'Team Pazhayidom' by opening a small kitchen near his house at Kurichithanam. In 2003, the team caught the attention of many after it prepared food for 15,000 people a day at the Malayalapuzha Temple for the 'Sathakodi Archana'.Now he has opened a modern kitchen near his house which is equipped to cook food for 15,000 people per day, and Yedu manages the operations there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305824", "title": "Coin shortage affects \u2018change\u2019 business", "text": "CHENNAI: When was the last time a shopkeeper gave you a toffee instead of change? Chances are pretty recently. And chances are you will get more toffees than change in the near future.Traders have been hit hard by an acute shortage of coins. \"There is shortage across denominations, but there is a massive scarcity of 5 coins,\" said Sheikh Farid, a pharmacist in the city.Tarikh Irfan, who runs a stationery and bookstore, said the RBI has been supplying only 2 coins for the past six months, despite increasing the quantum of coins minted.\"The RBI refuses to supply 1 and 5 coins and hasn't given us an indication of when it will be able to stabilise supply of these coins,\" he said. \"For now we are making do with the coins that our customers give us.\" In a recent RBI survey, about 69% of traders across the country said transactions are the main source of coins.The supply shortage has also left businessmen paying steep commissions to coin dealers. They now pay twice as much to procure coins as they did nine months ago. \"Dealers supply coins at a commission of up to 20% for 5 coins and 16% for 1 and 2 coins. The commission was 9% last year,\" said P Suresh, co-founder of the Sangeetha chain of restaurants.Farid, who has stores across the city, procures coins from the RBI, the Tirupati temple and the Velankanni church. \"We now pay a commission of about 50 for a bag of coins worth 1,000 compared to 35 or 40 last year,\" he said.An RBI official denied that there was a shortage. \"We supply coins in bulk to industry associations through banks or through our regional offices,\" said Alpana Killawala, chief general manager, department of communications, RBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305412", "title": "Nagri villagers gherao Hemant house", "text": "RANCHI: A group of villagers from Nagri laid to siege to the residence of deputy chief minister Hemant Soren to protest against acquisition of agricultural land for a knowledge hub. Villagers also propose to gherao the residence of chief minister Arjun Munda in the next couple of days.At 10.30am, over 150 villagers from Nagri gheraoed the official residence of Hemant at Kanke Road. A dharna was later organized here. The agitators included mostly women and children. They carried black flags in their hands as a mark of protest. A large number of security personnel were deployed at his the spot as a precautionary measure. DSP (town) Anuranjan Krisphotta held talks with the agitators and tried to pacify them.Later Hemant came out of his house and listened to the villagers' grievances. The villagers submitted a memorandum to him before leaving the spot.Dayamani Barla, who has been leading the protesters, said, \"The deputy chief minister has assured us that no injustice will be done to the innocent villagers.\"A total of 227 acres of land has been forcibly acquired by the government to construct IIM Ranchi, Central Law University and IIITs. The villagers have called bandhs many a times to press for their demands but nothing has worked out so far and the construction activities have progressed. Boundary walls of the proposed law university have come up. Around 30 policemen are still deployed at the site.Arun Pradhan, another activist, said the villagers were not ready to move at any cost. \"The villagers have sown paddy seedlings on around 180 acres of land. It was only after facing police batons that the villagers sowed paddy seedlings. The seedlings have grown into little paddy crops,\" said Pradhan.The villagers claim that the land, forcibly acquired by the government, is agricultural. It has affected 500-odd families who have no other source of livelihood but agriculture. In July the villagers had approached tribal leader P A Sangma to seek his support. Sangma had strongly supported the villagers' cause in August when he visited the place. The issue has also found a supporter in JVM chief Babulal Mranda.As per government records, the lands were acquired in 1950s. The villagers, however, claim that they have been paying taxes for the land till recently. \"If the government had acquired our land then how come they have been collecting taxes from us,\" asked Dayamani Barla.Tribal Advisory Council, the supreme body of tribal in the state, has been approached by Nagri villagers. TAC is likely to meet on September 19 to deliberate on the issue and submit its recommendations to the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303738", "title": "Monsoon session ends on bitter note", "text": "NEW DELHI: The last day of the monsoon session of the Delhi assembly ended on an acrimonious note with CM Sheila Dikshit coming under attack from former parliamentary secretary and Jangpura MLA Tarvinder Singh Marwah. The face-off happened when Dikshit tried to stop the MLA from criticizing education minister Kiran Walia during the question hour. As Marwah stormed out of the house, the unrest within the section of MLAs in the ruling Congress became evident.Earlier in the day, there were anxious moments during the Congress Legislature Party meeting with some MLAs complaining that colonies from their constituencies had been left out in the first phase of regularization. Some even alleged that colonies had been regularized selectively and expressed unhappiness with the notification. During the question hour, Marwah said there should be better coordination between ministers, citing condition of schools, when the CM firmly told him not to target any minister. The MLA shot back saying nobody can stop him from talking about the pathetic condition of government schools in his area.\"Like you, I have been elected to the House for three terms. It is my democratic right to express my views,\" he said, prompting a sharp reaction from Dikshit's loyalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "fulkusma (bankura)", "code": "16305849", "title": "Bodies wash up along river bank, bus tragedy toll up to 9", "text": "FULKUSMA (BANKURA): The lifeless bodies of a three-year-old child and a government wage inspector were among seven corpses that washed up along the banks of the Bhairabbanki river on Friday as rescue workers frantically searched for survivors, taking the toll in the Bankura bus tragedy to nine. A passenger bus packed with people was on Thursday swept into the river by strong currents while crossing a culvert that acts as a bridge over the Bhairabbanki but was submerged as the river flowed well above the danger mark.The body of the child was found in Lalgarh, where the Bhairabbanki meets the Kansai river, more than 10km downstream from the accident site at Fulkusma in Bankura on State Highway 9. Others were found at Ekapal Raipur and Jamboni, Ambari in the adjoining West Midnapore district. Villagers rescued 46 people on Thursday and chief minister Mamata Banerjee told the media at Writers' Buildings five persons were missing. However, local residents said at least 20 people were missing and feared many more bodies would be washed up over the next few days. Bus driver Abhijit Das, who eyewitnesses blamed for the accident as he drove on despite a rough river inundating the culvert, was arrested and remanded in jail custody for two weeks. Das escaped unhurt.\"A child, barely eight years old, waved and begged for help from the bus but by the time we could arrange for a rope, the current had swept the vehicle away from the culvert,\" said Sanjay Adhikari, a villager who took part in rescue work. \"Workers of a brick kiln on the banks of the river managed to rescue a few people while some other passengers swam ashore. Some 15-20 passengers are still unaccounted for,\" he added.The three-year-old child is yet to be identified but police confirmed Bibhas Pramanik, a wage inspector at the local BDO office, was among the dead. Many of the villages where the bodies were found aren't easily accessible by road, particularly after heavy showers that have lashed the area.Personnel of the West Bengal Police's disaster management squad sailed down the Bhairabbanki in Gemini boats with divers to retrieve bodies. Mamata had said on Thursday she had instructed rescue teams to work under floodlights but search operations on Friday did not continue after evening.\"There may have been more casualties but the possibility of finding all the bodies seems bleak,\" a police officer said. \"The canal has several bends - hence the name Bhairabbanki - and rock outcrops along its course.Some bodies may only be recovered once the canal dries up after monsoon. We don't have exact figures of the number of people in the bus. While some say there were 80 passengers inside, others say there were 90. Unlike on trains, there aren't reservation charts, so it's impossible to say with precision.\"State housing minister Shyam Mukherjee visited the spot on Friday and took stock of rescue and relief operations. \"I shall pass on this information to the chief minister,\" he said after being provided with the casualty figures by the police. The CM announced Rs 2 lakh for the victims' families.According to eywitness accounts, Das tried to drive across the culvert even after finding it several feet under water. A short distance away from the middle, he attempted to shift gears and the vehicle stalled. He made repeated attempts to restart the bus but failed. By then, some passengers had climbed to the roof and were calling out for help. The bus remained in that position for nearly 15 minutes before tragedy struck. Water flowed inside as soon as the doors were opened and the bus began to slide sideways. Passengers panicked and tried to get off on the narrow culvert that has no railings and fell into the water instead. Within moments, the bus itself was swept away by the torrent.\"By then, several people from Raipur (10 km away) and Fulkusma had gathered on both sides of the culvert but few dared to get into the water as it was foaming. The local police station doesn't have any equipment for rescue operations,\" said Manik Sarkar of Raipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311633", "title": "Stewart was 'flawless and amazing' in Snow White, says love cheat director", "text": "Hollywood director Rupert Sanders, whose cheating scandal with Kristen Stewart made headlines, has landed himself in a more embarrassing position, after he described the actress as \"flawless\" and \"amazing\" in 'Snow White and the Huntsman.'The married father-of-two spoke about the 22-year-old actress like a flirty teenager in his flick's DVD director's commentary.The 41-year-old director's wife Liberty Ross had played Stewart's character's mother Queen Eleanor in the movie, and when she appears on screen Sanders says, \"That's actually my wife!\"But the real excitement from Sanders is seen when the 22-year-old actress makes her debut onscreen.\"First time we see Kristen Stewart. This is the first dialogue I shot with her. I said maybe you do a prayer,\" the Mirror quoted him as saying.\"Her accent was flawless - she did such an amazing job on it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16306104", "title": "Ministers\u2019 kin landing coal blocks adds to UPA woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Disclosures that ministers and their kin may have benefited from UPA's controversial policy of allocation of coal blocks without inviting bids further fanned Congress-BJP hostilities over Coalgate on the concluding day of a monsoon session which was consumed by the political combat.On a day when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh criticized it for disrupting the session and \"making a mockery of parliamentary democracy\", BJP seized upon the disclosures that ministers in the UPA and their relatives were among those who were allocated coal blocks to harden its stand.Documents show that besides the kin of Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahai and Congress MP Vijay Darda, relatives of Union minister of state Jagatrakshakan (of the DMK) and RJD's Prem Gupta, corporate affairs minister in UPA-1, were also allotted coal blocks: details that threaten to complicate Congress's efforts to cap the fallout from the widening scam.\"We could hold our own so long as it had remained limited to policy terrain, but now we have to keep our fingers crossed,\" acknowledged Congress sources.Unite against forces of anarchy: PMIn a hard-hitting statement, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday called the monsoon session of Parliament a \"wasted session\", saying disruptions prevented the government from focusing on urgent challenges like terrorism, declining growth and unrest in the northeast. He said BJP was \"unwittingly\" helping forces inimical to the country.Underlining the tasks requiring the country's attention, Singh said, \"We cannot do this if the government is constantly distracted by the actions of those who prefer obstruction over discussion. Those who follow this path detract from India's prestige as the world's largest parliamentary democracy. They are unwittingly only serving the ends of those who want to weaken the country and discredit its institutions.\"He also called upon people to \"stand up and unite against the forces of anarchy and disruption\", while stressing that he had high respect for the CAG.The statement ranked among the PM's most strident attacks against his political opponents. However, it failed to faze the BJP or assuage the gathering concern within over the disclosures about mines going to kin of UPA functionaries.Talking to reporters, BJP leaders Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley defended their stand not to let Parliament function by pointing to the revelations about UPA ministers and their kin being among those who got coal blocks through the CAG-censured screening committee route.\"UPA is a regime which is committed to kleptocracy. This is what they have done to the country,\" opposition leader Arun Jaitley said.\"Many (allottees) have nothing to do with either steel or power sectors. Many were name-lenders and rentiers. They used their political clout to get an allocation, either in their own name or in the name of a joint venture. And then they exited after a windfall gain,\" he alleged.He said that PMO was the \"kingpin\" of the delay in switching to the auction of coal blocks, and substantiated his charge by referring to a note of July 2005. He said the document showed that it was the PMO which decided to persist with the practice of allocating coal blocks by the screening committee.Speaking minutes after the PM's attack on the BJP for disrupting Parliament, Suhsma said, \"We used this session of Parliament to shake the conscience of the people of India and appealed to the government to correct the monumental fraud committed on the public exchequer.\"She also said UPA was the custodian of public exchequer and could not be allowed to treat it as their fief, adding that BJP was prepared to take the battle to the streets and from \"village to village\".AICC spokesman Manish Tewari sought to downplay the allocation of coal blocks to relatives of UPA figures, arguing that these could not be termed illegal if no rules were violated. \"Being a relative of a politician should not be a qualification for a share in the largesse of the state. But it certainly should not be a disqualification if all the rules are followed to the T,\" he said.However, party sources acknowledged that the disclosures had come as a rude shock to the party which until now felt it had a strong defence against BJP's campaign. Since the controversy broke out, Congress countered the absence of competitive bidding in coal mines on a 1993 policy that was followed even by BJP regime for six years. At the same time, the ruling camp blamed non-Congress chief ministers for vetoing the proposal to switch to auction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311881", "title": "Shweta Gautam approached for Flying Turtle\u2019s next", "text": "Flying Turtle's (owned by Shabir Ahluwalia, Sakett Saawhney, Anil V Kumar) t he makers of 'Ganga Ki Dheej' on Sahara One, who are also producing the re-make of Zanjeer are all set to churn out a new show on Life OK.As already reported by certain sections of the media, Mihika Verma and Shailesh Datar have been roped into play pivotal roles on the show.The latest we hear that Shweta Gautam who has popular shows like 'Yeh Pyaar Na Hoga Kum' , 'Choti Si Zindagi' to her credits has been finalized to play an important role on the show.Sources inform that Shweta will be seen playing the role of the male lead's mother on the show. The plot of the daily will be a love story and we hear that the production house is planning to cast a fresh face for the male lead.It's rumoured that even though few actors have already been finalized, the show has been getting delayed from quite some time now.However, the producers of the show were quick to rubbish such tale. \"These are false theories. It's still early to say as it is a big show and the casting is underway. We will speak at the appropriate time,\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303678", "title": "19-year-old arrested for trespassing", "text": "INDORE: A 19-year-old boy was caught allegedly trespassing on a house at Sukhalia on Thursday night. However, he claimed that he had come after his 'facebook friend' called him. He was handed over to Hira Nagar police.The accused Taufiq, son of Rafeeq Mansoori, is a resident of Iqbal Colony. He allegedly entered into the house when one of the family members noticed him and silently went outside and locked the door. The family member gathered neighbours and then opened the door.When caught, the accused reportedly said that a girl from the family is his facebook friend and that she has invited him to meet her. People reportedly thrashed Taufiq and later called police.During the interrogation, he repeated his claim. When inquired, the girl refuted this.Later, a policeman requesting anonymity, said the accused is illiterate and he cannot even handle even normal phones.The police have booked him under the Section 456 of the IPC and have arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306410", "title": "DAV College witness huge voter turnout", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There was a huge voter turnout at DAV College, Sector 10, considered to be the hotbed of student politics after the Panjab University. In comparison to barely 800 voters in 2011, 1,946 students cast their votes on Friday, thus making for a more than 50% rise. Nearly 6,000 students study here.Close to 15 lecturers, non-teaching staff and principal B C Josan were stationed outside the college gate and entry was prohibited without identity cards. The elections were peaceful, according to Shivani Chopra, a faculty member who was on poll duty.The entire stretch outside the college was made \"vehicle-free\" on Friday and student leaders and volunteers continued to interact with students to earn votes. Vehicles were parked in the residential area of Sector 10, close to the college. Strict policing, however, was a harrowing time for common students as they were not permitted anywhere near the college. \"There have been violent incidents in the past and we had to ensure peace this time, and always,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305483", "title": "Transplant centre gets fund of 60k a month", "text": "PUNE: The Pune-based Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre (ZTCC) which had been functioning without any government funds since 2004, has been allocated a monthly budgetary fund of Rs 60,000.The move is expected to provide impetus to human organ transplantation, particularly cadaver donations, and improve the city's dismal cadaver donation count - which stands at less than 50 kidneys and three livers in the last eight years.\"The allocation is primarily for routine office expenses, salaries of the staff who look after day-to-day functioning of the Pune centre,\" state's additional chief secretary (public health) T C Benjamin told the TOI soon after he conducted a meeting of all the representative hospitals registered with the Pune centre in the city on Friday.The objective of the meeting was to take stock and initiate measures to revive and streamline the work of Pune ZTCC, he added.Ever since its inception in 2004, the Pune centre has been operational from the KEM hospital, Rasta Peth, which has been acting as a host to coordinate the work at its own hospital space. The centre has been plagued with issues like lack of dedicated staff, independent office-space and fund crunch for awareness activities.Among the eight hospitals registered with the Pune centre as designated organ transplant units are KEM hospital, Ruby Hall clinic , Jehangir hospital, Aditya Birla memorial hospital, Sahyadri hospital, Poona hospital and research centre and Patankar urology unit.All earlier decisions taken by the state government to boost the number of potential donors and increase cadaver (post-death) organ donations like mandatory reporting of brain-dead patients, hospitals with ICU and operation theater to act as non-transplant organ retrieval centres, driving license-holder to mention his or her consent (if applicable) to organ donation in the license itself, new column in college admission forms asking students if they are interested in organ donation were reiterated during the meeting.Maharashtra has two ZTCCs - one each in Mumbai and Pune. Plans are afoot to set up two more - in Nagpur and Aurangabad. The ZTCC, a registered body with the charity commissioner, is formed by the appropriate authority through a government resolution. Its primary aim is to promote cadaver organ transplant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306827", "title": "Green flag for Ganeshotsav", "text": "MUMBAI: The fifth edition of the Times Green Ganesha campaign began with a high-profile launch at the Sophia College festival, Kaleidoscope 2012, on Friday. State environment minister Sachin Ahir, secretary, environment, Valsa Nair Singh, and actor Rani Mukherjee launched the 'IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd presents Times Green Ganesha 2012 (TGG)'. The annual drive is a joint initiative of The Times of India and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board.Rani, who was gifted an eco-friendly idol by PRO of MPCB Sanjay Bhuskute, said how she immersed a green idol at home and used the water to nourish her plants. Sachin Ahir said, \"Youth as the ambassadors of the environment must bring about this change in their college and housing societies.\" Valsa Nair Singh said, \"Four years ago we conceived the idea of having a joint partnership to take the message of Green Ganesha across. It is a privilege to be associated with the movement in its fifth year. I am overwhelmed by the response we have got. The state wants to spread the environment-friendly message across all festivals.\"Virendra D Mhaiskar, CMD of IRB Infrastructure Developers Ltd, sent his best wishes for the launch of the initiative saying, \"The toxic waste from thermocol, plastic and other harmful material used for decoration of pandals kills plant and animals once it is immersed in water bodies. Using eco-friendly materials allows us to have an equally grand Ganeshotsav celebration without harming the environment.\"The annual Times Green Ganesha campaign rewards the efforts of individual households, housing societies and mandals that devise environmentally sensitive celebrations. Readers can participate by logging on to www.timesgreenganesha.com and uploading images of their eco-friendly Ganpatis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305622", "title": "Three arrested for running sex racket", "text": "PUNE: Five women and two minor girls were rescued by Pune crime branch officials during raids conducted on Thursday and Friday. The police have arrested three people under the Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act.Senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge of the social security cell (crime branch) said that five women and the minors were rescued from a brothel in Shukrawar Peth on Thursday after he received a tip-off. Two of the women were from Nepal and three were from West Bengal. \"We have arrested the brothel operator, Rupa Kancha Tamang (55), who is also from Nepal,\" Barge said.On Friday, the police raided a chawl on Alandi road and rescued two more women, one of them from Bangladesh. \"Raj Brahmadev Ravidas (20) of Jharkhand and Chandraswami Goda (36) from Karnataka were arrested,\" Barge said.He said that investigations revealed that the Bangladesh woman had a tailoring business at home and had been lured to India under the pretext of getting better business. \"She was sold to a brothel owner, who forced the woman into prostitution in Mumbai. Around a month ago she had been sent to Pune,\" Barge said.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Dattaram Bagve, police constables Ajit Dhumal, Sandip Holkar, Sachin Kokare, Krishna Machare and Vaishali Jagdale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304457", "title": "Demarcating centre line a disputed issue", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the high court orders on making the survey of Malviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT) the basis to demarcate the centre point of Amanishah Nullah, it remains a contested issue. So far three official surveys have been conducted to decide on the point but each time it was challenged. Even now when JDA is planning to demolish the encroachments; demand for further review of the centre point has been raised from various quarters.The first survey was conducted in 1986 with the 1981 floods as the backdrop. The aim of that survey was to assess the feasibility of the drains flowing into the nullah. No centre line was demarcated in that report which was submitted by the Consultancy Engineering Services (CES).Later, with growing urban population, the civic authorities again planned to find possibilities of discharge from the drains. Amanishah being the main tributary flowing within the city was again assessed by the company SPAN. In its report the company suggested for a wider catchment area. Though, no centre line was decided even in that report. However, if the recommendations of SPAN were followed a large number of people would have lost their homes.\"There was no reason to find the centre line in 1986 and 2005 reports as the aim was to find possibilities for outflow of drainages. In the SPAN report the flow of water was calculated at one metre per second. That had increased the area of the catchment area affecting more people,\" said a senior official of JDA.To avoid the casualty the government appointed a panel of professors from MNIT and asked them to prepare a detailed report. The team studied the amount of discharge flowing, dams and water reservoirs located in the course of the flow and heard the cases of the people living in the catchment areas. After that they came to the conclusion of having a width of 210 feet by 105 feet from either side. They also suggested of having a concrete basin where water can flow at a speed of 3 metres per second. Based on this the high court instructed the government to clear the encroachments.\"Technically there is no thumb rule for a centre line. The alignment is calculated on the basis of geometry and the points keep on changing as the nullah changes its flow. There are major differences between the original map and existing path of the nullah. These points will always remain disputed and one has to fix a criterion on some basis\" added the official.However, people who are now coming under the catchment areas alleged JDA of deciding the centre line to save the influential people. \"Earlier in 2010 when JDA set up pillars to demarcate the central line of the nullah it was different. But now they have shifted it closer to habitat areas,\" said Jignesh Jain, a resident of Kiran Vihar Vistar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304307", "title": "Youth must be sensitized about social media: Police chief", "text": "NAGPUR: The ever growing use of social media by youth has brought forth many questions related to the virtual world. A group of experts met at the Nagpur Cyber Security Summit 2012 to discuss various issues that concern the dangers lurking out there in the virtual world.Nagpur police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay, who inaugurated the summit, said youth needed to be sensitized about social media. \"Youth must know how to operate and handle information in the virtual world. They have access to hacking tools that can make life difficult for an innocent person. We have had cases of morphed photos being sent using someone else's ID, and the police initially have no clue and catch hold of an innocent,\" said Dhanvijay.Mahendra Limaye, a city-based cyber law expert and one of the organizers of the summit, said, \"there is total anarchy in the virtual world. It is jungle raj and the youth have no idea, or do not care, about what is legally allowed. For example, you may not have a social media account because you do not want your photograph or location to be known. Maybe you are hiding from a bad marriage or a stalker. Now, if one of your friends uploads a group picture and mentions your name, then what happens?\"He added that in such cases there was legal confusion because nothing specific had been mentioned in the law. \"In this case there is no misuse. Your photograph has been uploaded with your name on it. Plus, it is a casual group photo with no obscenity involved, hence no action can be taken by the police. So even though your privacy has been compromised, no law has been broken,\" he said.The summit also had a special session on Android vulnerability. Android is the operating software for new generation smartphones and millions of applications are downloaded each day worldwide by users. Limaye, said, \"Android software can be easily hacked into enabling people to steal confidential data and later misuse it. In fact, USA is collecting all our personal information and in a few years from now do not be surprised if they ask you to pay for it. It is just like a modern East India Company that will control our entire future. Hence everyone, especially youth, who are using social media need to be aware of complications that may arise in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306060", "title": "Dental fluorosis widespread among Dharmapuri students: UNICEF study", "text": "COIMBATORE: As Karnataka goes ahead with its plans to create fresh legal hurdles to the early commissioning of the much-awaited Hogenakkal Drinking Water and Fluorosis Mitigation Project, the district administration of water-starved Dharmapuri on Friday came out with the disturbing information that as many as 71,842 out of 1,86,907 students in the district had tested positive for dental fluorosis.This alarming statistic comes in the wake of a recent UNICEF study in the neighbouring Krishnagiri district which revealed that 40,400 school students suffer from the same problem.Dharmapuri collector R Lilli informed that the students were identified through a massive survey in the fluorosis-hit arid areas of the districts involving dentists, health experts, public health activists, NGOs, school teachers and government officials.The fluorosis-affected students belonged to 3,409 schools in the district and a massive campaign has already begun to help them prevent fluorosis by suggesting corrective measures in their diet. About 3,680 school teachers are being trained to implement the campaign. Steps are also on to ensure treated drinking water in schools apart from restraining children from direct intake of fluorosis-rich water from the local wells and ponds. The campaign also intends to create awareness among children and parents to use fluoride-free food items and fluoride-free tooth paste.According to the collector, the 1,928-crore drinking water project is expected to address the needs of at least 30 lakh people suffering from fluorosis in the two districts and its early commissioning can mitigate the threat in a significant way.Though Karnataka approached the Supreme Court recently with a fresh set of obstacles to the project, the state government is planning to commission the project in this December or early January next year.About 70% of the work is over. The project, situated close to the Hogenakkal water falls, is expected to ensure safe drinking water for Hosur, Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri municipalities apart from 17 town panchayats and 6,755 village panchayats. Work on laying pipelines for 494 km is going on in full swing. Karnataka fears that Tamil Nadu will expand the scope of the project by introducing tourism facilities on the Cauvery, which forms the inter-state boundary for 67kms.Work on the project, aided by Japan International Cooperation Agency, began in 1998 despite the objection of Karnataka. \"The project is the fulfillment of a long-pending dream of the poverty-stricken residents of the region. We are all extremely happy that the completion of the project is just six months away,\" says Kulandei Francis, who received the Magsaysay Award this year for his work among self-help group movement in Krishnagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16306273", "title": "Man on mission sets out on a tricycle", "text": "HUBLI: A 50-year-old physically challenged man reached Hubli on his tricycle after crossing 14 states on Friday morning en route to Bangalore from Ludhiana to seek justice for the handicapped.Polio-affected Kuldeep Singh Kartar Singh Rathor, a resident of Baddowal Cantonment area near Ludhiana, started his expedition on Dec.1, 2010 to create awareness about the rights of the disabled and for communal harmony and peace in the country.He has covered 19,230 kms and has cycled through Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Gujarat, Rajasthan, Delhi and Madhya Pradesh. He has met chief ministers, governors and social welfare ministers and urged them to right for the disabled, justice for divorcees and for senior citizens.Kuldeep Singh Rathor, patron of Rashtriya Besahara Vikalang Federation, told TOI the main intention of the expedition is to highlight the problems of the disabled. Through the journey, he has studied the problems of the physically challenged in various states and communicated them to the heads of states.In India Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Jharkhand provide Rs.1000 per month for those with 40% to 74% disability, and Rs 1500 for those with 75% and above. Other states gave step-motherly treatment to the disabled, he added.He said, \"On Sept. 26, I'm meeting Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar and seeking justice for the handicapped.\"Every day, he starts his journey at 7am and covers about 40km. At night, he stays at petrol pumps, gurudwaras or temples. He suffered two accidents near Hyderabad and Khandala Ghat. He'll finish his journey at Kanyakumari, and then return home by train.Jasvir Singh Kansal, a Sikh community sevak, told TOI he'll take care of Kuldeep Singh in the gurudwara here till Sunday. \"We'll provide him with everything he needs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303716", "title": "Talwars did not call police: Neighbour", "text": "NEW DELHI: The neighbour of Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar, Punish Rai Tandon, deposed in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case on Friday. He informed the court that \"he was the one who had called the police\" and that \"he had never seen the terrace door locked before\".\"When I went to Talwar's house on the morning of May 16, I asked Nupur Talwar's father if police had been informed about Aarushi's murder. He said he would go home and call his son in Dubai first and then call the police,\" said Tandon.\"When I opened my front door at 6.15 am, I heard people crying in the vicinity. Neighbours told me the noise was coming from L-32, Talwars' residence, which was one floor above. I went up, and saw Rajesh Talwar's mother in law sitting on the sofa. She told me that Hemraj had murdered Aarushi and run away. Rajesh was sitting is his own bedroom and crying as well. His father-in-law was in the same room. When I asked him (father-in-law) if the police had been informed, he said the landline of the house was not working and he would go home first, call up his son in Dubai and then call the police. I went home and called the guard of the colony and asked him to contact the police,\" he said.CBI says his testimony proves the Talwars were not interested in calling the police. The CBI also discarded the theory of the landline not working, saying that mobile phones were functioning.Tandon added that \"In my memory, I had never seen the terrace door of L-32 locked before\". On May 17, police had to break open this door which is how they found Hemraj's body.The defence cross-examined Tandon, showing photographs of the stairs in the house going towards the terrace on which Tandon had said there were bloodstains. \"CBI claims there were bloodstains going upwards, implying that Hemraj's body was dragged to the terrace. However, the blood spilling from the mattress was the reason for that. It could have happened when police dragged Hemraj's body downstairs while taking it away,\" claimed the defence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305236", "title": "Speeding car kills young TV actor in JVPD", "text": "MUMBAI: An 18-year-old television actor, Neeral Bhardwaj was crushed by a speeding Honda City at JVPD circle, Vile Parle (West), on Friday morning. Passers-by caught the driver, a bank executive, and handed him over to the police. While eyewitnesses said the man was drunk, the police said alcohol was not detected in his initial medical examination.The account of the accident as told by eyewitnesses and the police, too, differ.Eyewitnesses said the actor, Neeral Bhardwaj (18), who can be seen in the serial Mata Ki Chowki, was in an auto, which was hit by the car. But the police said she could have been walking because, firstly, no auto was found at the spot and secondly, no auto driver had approached them to lodge a complaint about his vehicle being hit. A friend of the victim said he learnt from eyewitnesses that the auto was parked near the spot for some time, before being driven away. An officer from the DN Nagar police station said the truth would be known once CCTV footage from JVPD circle was checked. He said that in pictures, the Honda City can be seen to have come to a halt after hitting a lamppost.Bhardwaj lived as a paying guest in Lokhandwala, Andheri (West). Her flatmate said that around 7 am on Friday, she left her residence in an auto to meet her sister-in-law, a senior pilot who had checked into a hotel in Juhu. The flatmate refused to discuss the matter further, saying she was not in a proper frame of mind as she was in shock because of the accident. Passers-by took Bhardwaj to Cooper Hospital, where she was declared dead.Purvesh Patkar (25), the car's driver, has been booked for causing death by negligence, but has been granted bail. The police have sent his blood sample for tests. A friend of the victim said Patkar was not cooperating with the police. He said the police was also under pressure from some quarters to go soft on him.The police said Patkar told them that a vehicle had suddenly come in his way and to avoid it, he swerved, and hit the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16304712", "title": "Traffic challan defaulters face arrest warrant", "text": "GURGAON: Traffic violators who have defaulted on paying challans even after a month of being fined should take heed.The district courts will start issuing summons and arrest warrants to these defaulters post-September 15.There are around 27,000 challans that are pending in Gurgaon district courts. This is the highest in Haryana state, said Bharti Arora, DCP (traffic).However, following the directions of the Supreme Court, district courts have taken steps to dispose of these cases by September 15. During this period, violators can visit the court and pay their challans.The courts will function even on Sunday for this purpose.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"The court will first issue summon and follow them with arrest warrants if violators do not pay the challans on time. In fact, summons and warrants have started being issued for very long pending challans.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310605", "title": "Ileana upsets south filmmakers", "text": "Ileana is definitely going places and with her Ranbir Kapoor movie set to release, she is on a high. But it looks like she has upset south filmmakers.In recent interviews, the actress has said that though she loves the south, Bollywood is now her priority as she is looking at signing on more films there. In another interview, she has said that she deserves what she is being paid. Ileana is said to be Rs 1 crore and more for each film.Apparently, a year and a half back, the actress had no hits at hand in Telugu nor any Tamil films. A series of Telugu films missed the mark in the box office and it was at this time she bagged Nanban in Tamil. One of the complaints about her is that she did not attend most promotional events for these films.When it comes to her Hindi film, it's a different story. She has made sure she is present at every Barfi! event and has been accessible to the press like never before. Though the south industry gave her name, fame and money, industry people feel that she is ignoring it now to make it big in Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16304571", "title": "Two teachers suspended for raping girl students, police mum", "text": "ALWAR: Two teachers - accused of making obscene video clips of two girl students and raping them - were regularly coming to school in Alwar's Tehla town even after FIRs were lodged against them. As police turned a blind eye and did not arrest them, the district education department suspended these teachers on Friday.The victims are sisters. The younger girl has been missing since July 14. The family members allege that she was kidnapped by the teachers.According to the officials, FIRs had been registered against two teachers identified as Dhara Singh and Badri Prasad Meena at a government school in Tilwari village near Tehla on August 16.\"The elder sister of one of the two girls had approached a local court. She alleged that Dhara Singh and Badri Prasad made some mobile clippings of her and her sister showing them in a compromising position,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the complainant alleged that the two teachers used to force the girls to stay in the classroom even after school hours. She alleged that both of the teachers made them prepare tea and then drugged it. They then allegedly raped the girls. They also allegedly made some MMS and kept blackmailing them.The case has been handed over to Alwar police's anti-human trafficking bureau to trace the girl and probe the allegations.Dipak Kalara from Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights said, \"These two teachers were coming to school regular despite the fact that the cases had been registered against them. The police did not take any action. The education department also did not make a move until recently.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306554", "title": "Today's pain has gone on for too long", "text": "MUMBAI: The residents and shopkeepers along the Metro-I route - Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar -- understand they have to bear with some inconvenience but say the \"today's pain\" aspect of \"tomorrow's gain\" has stretched on for too long. Endless traffic jams, bad road conditions, lack of cleanliness and no respite from pollution are two of the major problems they have with the seemingly endless construction project.Mukesh Ganeshmal, secretary of the Andheri Shopkeepers and Residents Welfare Association and vice president of Andheri Jewelers Association, said the residents are constantly writing and messaging authorities about the muck and debris on the road besides water-logging and potholes.\"But they don't take any care. On the contrary our grievances are ignored. I think the life conditions in my village are better than in this part of Mumbai. It's real pain with the every passing day now. There appears no end to this work. It's shameful to compare ourselves with Shanghai because the administration can't even keep our roads clean and better while carrying out construction,\" he said.Professor Deepak Shukla and K C Krishnan of the Ghatkopar Welfare Association said they had no issues with the project as such but lack of planning, responsibility and duty towards public while executing the work had made the work more irritating for people along the corridor.Nrimala Rathod, 58-year-old resident of Andheri west near Navrang cinema, said due to metro construction work the condition of J P road had deteriorated in such a way that elderly people and children can't move out. \"Drainage systems in the society are not working leading to heavy water-logging in monsoon. Many people have fallen and sustained injuries. Dengue and Malaria have become common in our area,\" she said demanding immediate steps to ensure better hygiene and road conditions along the metro corridor. She said even if better living conditions are ensured while at work, it won't cause much of a pain to the residents.\"We have been writing to authorities regarding various issues such as water-logging and traffic jams along the corridor in Ghatkopar but the agencies involved play the blame game and make us run pillar to post. Any time in a day they close roads and open them. Promises of better road and other living conditions given to citizens before starting the work are not being ignored.\" said Professor Shukla.Vinod Parihar of the Ghatkopar Welfare Association said \"We tried to contact every possible official and agency but no one responds to our grievances. There are no good measures to ensure safety at work besides heavy noise and sound pollution. Bad road conditions are highly frustrating. Had they taken care of basic issues, prolonged work would not have caused us so much of harm\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16306384", "title": "Ramdas rules out demolition of Lansdowne Building", "text": "MYSORE: Politicians who competed with one another in visiting the partially collapsed Lansdowne Building and raised a hue and cry over the issue on Friday failed to turn up for an all-party meeting convened by district minister S A Ramdas to discuss the measures to be taken to protect the monument.Barring Ramdas, no other legislator from the district turned up for the meeting. The three other legislators from the city -- Tanveer Sait, Shankerlinge Gowda and Satyanarayana -- too abstained from the meeting.They had competed with one another to issue a statement, condemning the government's alleged failure to protect the building after a portion of the structured caved in on August 25. But corporators from the city belonging to Congress, JD(S) and BJP attended the meeting.Later Ramdas, who waited for over an hour for the participants, urged the absentee public representatives to send their written statements and suggestions on this score.The minister categorically ruled out the demolition of Lansdowne Building, and said that they are bound by two reports given by the experts and that the government will implement either of the two which suits people and the traders best. \"It will be done after eliciting opinion from public representatives,\" he added.Ramdas said there are two options before the government - either repair the building in the existing shape at a cost of Rs 2.5 crore or renovate the same spending Rs 3.5 crore.\"I have urged the city corporation to pass a resolution and share the amount,\" he said, adding that government will take a decision on this at the next cabinet meeting scheduled for September 13. \"Chief minister's decision will be final (on this),\" he said.The minister said the government is still in the process of consulting other experts and get the know-how to protect and maintain its original look. To a query, Ramdas said that the government will go ahead with the works. \"Our priority is to protect the building, and the safety of traders and the visitors,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304160", "title": "NIA begins interrogation", "text": "BANGALORE: National Investigation Agency (NIA) sleuths on Friday interrogated some of the 14 terror suspects arrested last week in the state.But the city police who busted two terror modules and arrested the 14 suspects claimed they were not aware on the outcome of the interrogation as they had no access to the day-long questioning.\"It is natural that different agencies will be questioning the accused separately. Finally the report will be exchanged between the investigating officers of all agencies,\" a senior police officer said.However, NIA interrogations have begun at the time when investigations by the city police appeared to have been unable to come up with fresh revelations.Only two of the 14 arrested suspects have given voluntary statements till now. One of the two statements, copies of which are with TOI, does not even bear the signature of the accused, Shoaib Ahmed Mirza alias Chotu, 23, an MCA student in a city college.The other accused, Abdul Hakeem Jamadar, 25, has affixed his signature to the voluntary statement given before the Basaveshwara Nagar police.While Mirza's unsigned statement reveals plans to kill a prominent personality, Jamadar's statement refers to his and another accused, Dr Jaffer Iqbal Sholapur's trip to Iran and later illegal entry to Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16310576", "title": "Odisha Police register case against Jagdish Tytler, other Congress leaders for violence", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Senior Congress leaders Jagdish Tytler, Niranjan Patnaik and several others were on Saturday booked by police in connection with a clash between party supporters and policemen during a rally that left over 260 people injured here.\"Different cases have been registered against several Congress leaders including state Congress in-charge Jagdish Tytler and Niranjan Patnaik on various charges pertaining to Thursday's violence,\" Deputy Commissioner of Police (DCP) Nitinjeet Singh said.Welcoming the government's decision, Niranjan Patnaik, who is Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee (OPCC) president, said, \"Though police is acting at the behest of BJD government headed by Naveen Patnaik , we are ready to face the police case.\"Singh said five cases have so far been registered at Capital Police Station and Kharavel Nagar police station while police intensified efforts to identify and arrest those responsible for the violence.Cases were filed for various offences like criminal conspiracy, rioting, causing grievous injury, endangering lives of others, outraging modesty and mischief to destroy under different sections of IPC and Prevention of Destruction of Public Property Act, police said.While over 34 people have so far been arrested for the violence and attack on a woman constable, who was critically injured, more arrests are likely after identification of culprits with the help of CCTV footage, according to Assistant Commissioner of Police Nihar Das.Thousands of Congress workers clashed with police on MG Road on Thursday while trying to picket the state Assembly building demanding resignation of Patnaik over the Coalgate row leaving around 260 people, including 60 police personnel injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304370", "title": "Assaulted woman cop lodges police complaint", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Pramila Padhi, the woman constable who was beaten up during the clash between police and Congress workers at Mahatma Gandhi Marg on Thursday, lodged a police complaint on Friday alleging that a mob molested her and misbehaved with her during the rally. Padhi is admitted to a private city hospital with fractures and injuries.Police said basing on Padhi's complaint, a case had been registered at Capital police station under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt), 333 (causing grievous hurt), 336 (endangering lives of others), 337 (causing hurt), 353 (assault), 354 (outraging modesty), 431 (mischief by injury), 437 (mischief to destroy), 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and section 3 and 4 of Prevention of Destruction of Public Property (PDPP) Act.Recollecting Thursday's horrible experience, 39-year-old Padhi said, \"I was left alone amidst the mob when about 30 men dragged and pushed me. They started misbehaving with me and hit me on my private parts. They kicked me and slapped me. I looked for help but could not find any cop around. Then I tried to run away, but they followed me with sticks and bamboos.\"Padhi's husband Girdhari Panda said, \"Doctors say she is out of danger but her injuries will take about a month to heal.\"Asked whether the tortured female cop was molested by the mob, ACP (zone-1) Nihar Das said, \"The way she, along with some other woman police personnel was pushed and nudged, amounts to outraging modesty (section 354 of IPC). We have lodged cases accordingly.\"Meanwhile, chairperson of the State Commission for Women (SCW) Jyoti Panigrahi took suo motto cognizance of the incident and visited Padhi in the hospital. \"We have started a probe into the mater. The manner in which the woman police person was heckled when she was doing her duty and assaulted is really condemnable. We would suggest strict action against those who are directly and indirectly responsible for misbehaving the woman,\" Panigrahi said, adding she would submit a report to the government on the matter soon.\"Police should have sent male police personnel to face the mob,\" Congress whip Prasad Harichandan said, while regretting the attack on Padhi. AICC general secretary Jagdish Tytler , too, condemned the attack on Padhi, but said: \"It was Congress workers, not policemen, who rescued the woman constable.\" Police officers said they deployed female cops as a large number of Women political workers also participated in the rally.President, Biju Mahila Janata Dal , Pramila Mallik, in turn, accused Congress men of molesting Padhi. \"It is highly condemnable. If they had come for a peaceful protest, why did they indulge in such vandalism? Most of them were drunk. We demand stringent action against the culprits,\" said the Binjharpur MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304349", "title": "Workshop on hacking, cyber forensics at Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology", "text": "NAGPUR: As a precursor to its famous tech fest, Axis, Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) is organizing a workshop on ethical hacking and cyber forensics this weekend. The two-day workshop from Saturday will have a team of Indian Institute of Technology-Delhi alumni training participants.The participants at the workshop will be certified by IIT-Kharagpur and Association Internationale des Etudiants en Sciences Economiques et Commerciales (AIESEC), an international organization that works for the betterment of students. Successful participants will also get a chance to compete in the national hacking competition 'Kryptonite'.\"Everybody interested in technology today is known to be interested in ethical hacking too. So, we decided to organize this workshop and included cyber forensics in the module. The trainers would be from Kyrion Digital Securities, a venture of former students of IIT-Delhi,\" informed Shreyas Joshi, a member of the organizing team from VNIT.He said that the main aim of the workshop is to make participants aware of popular attacks practised by hackers and equip them with techniques to counter these attacks. \"The idea is to enable future engineers to understand the shortcomings of systems and tell them the constituents of an ideal system,\" he added.\"Concepts like email hacking, hacking of windows systems and Trojans, web servers and high-end concepts like wireless hacking will be among those taught during the workshop. We have also included cyber forensics in the workshop, which will perhaps be discussed in detail for the first time in Central India,\" said another organizer Aumkar Borgaonkar.The participants will also be provided free ethical hacking and information security software tool kits and other training material. Those interested can contact Aumkar at 992 023 1075.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303973", "title": "Task force to inspect engg colleges from September 12", "text": "HYDERABAD: The task force committee set up by the state government for crackdown on colleges will start their inspections on September 12. About 650 engineering colleges out of the 717 will be inspected in the first lap of investigations. In a media conference held here on Friday, Ajay Jain, commissioner for technical education said that the fee structure of all the colleges is subject to change on the basis of inspections.tnnWhile the certificate verification session of Eamcet counselling was completed on September 6, the counselling for the last ranks will be completed on September 9. The students will be allowed to take part in counselling till September 11 and the seats will be allotted on September 14. Students have been informed of the fee structure being subject to change, officials said.A total of 57 officers are involved in inspection of the colleges. Inspection will include validation of data provided by the colleges to AFRC on facilities that they offer. \"No institute will be exempted from inspection, results of which could even lead to disaffiliation of colleges,\" Jain said.In the conference, officials said that college managements which have been asking for leniency on management quota admissions will be reprimanded. \"The GOs issued by the state government clearly state the procedure to be followed while admitting students in B category,\" officials said. Even this year, a large number of engineering seats are expected to lie vacant in colleges, officials predicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303880", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's green drive goes awry", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's not blooming bougainvilleas and green grass carpets but trampled plants and dried bushes that are likely to greet international delegates when they first set foot in the city next month. For, the much-hyped beautification drive launched by GHMC to impress the foreign contingent of CoP-11 has so far failed to add any aesthetic value to Hyderabad's roads and localities. Instead, what seems to be dotting the main stretches of the city are dying rows of shrubs, heaps of soil lying along broken medians (road dividers) and hurriedly created grass patches. To imagine that the department has been sanctioned a meaty amount of around Rs 10 crore for this job is, therefore, befuddling.While there has been hectic activity along the Madhapur-Banjara Hills-Begumpet (Old Airport road) corridor for the last few weeks, the results are far from satisfactory. Within days of being planted, the bougainvillea saplings have withered either due to lack of water or being trampled by people. Filth continues to pile up on the medians turning them into an eyesore. Along the arterial roads of Jubilee Hills, Road No.36 and 45, digging activity (to plant fresh shrubs) is still underway and is far from completion. \"These roads are in a mess because of the beautification drive. The work that is being done is shoddy and rushed. Considering the way the saplings are being planted, it might all end up looking very ugly,\" said P Rajesh, a resident of the area. And this is true of every important pocket of Hyderabad, complain commuters.Be it the Hi-tech City belt, the busy Khairatabad road or the lanes leading to the iconic Charminar and the Nehru Zoological Park.GHMC's 'green project' has turned these stretches into messy corridors ridden with boulders, mud and unattractive saplings.Officials claim otherwise. \"Bougainvilleas will soon start to flower and by the time the conference starts, these plants will be seen decorating every street. They require low maintenance and live for a long time,\" said P Anuradha, additional commissioner (sports and parks), GHMC and in-charge of the beautification drive. She said, \"We will also have potted plants along some stretches to add to the new look. There are 22 corridors that are being done up for next month's meet.\"And while contractors entrusted with the job of laying green covers admit to being strapped for time and that is affecting the quality of work, GHMC officials remained unperturbed. Anuradha maintained that all work was on track and would yield successful results soon.Denizens, however, are not really thrilled by this makeover. If some feel that the beautification is forced, others question the sustainability of this project. \"Take the road under the Punjagutta flyover or the patch around Begumpet airport or the green stretch near the Indo-American Cancer Institute in Banjara Hills. These areas did not need any revamp. Yet, authorities are breaking down the old constructions and lawns to lay new ones.It's a waste of money,\" said Hateem Khan, a regular on these roads. For businessman Bashir Babukhan, however, it's the short-sighted attitude of the government that's a cause for concern. While lauding the department's efforts to erect sculptures across the city, which some claim are being done to keep up with former CoP venues, and repair roads/dividers in poor state, he rues how all the work could rot in neglect once the biodiversity meet draws to an end.\"This drive is only a kneejerk reaction to an international meet.If the government can sustain it post October 19, that will be commendable,\" Babukhan said.Times ViewThe city of Hyderabad has lost considerable green cover in the name of development over the last few years. And CoP-11 could have actually worked for the city had the government planned in advance how it would effectively use the beautification money. An amount of Rs 10 crore is princely for restoring much of the lost greenery. It is still not too late. The government can still plan long-term instead of taking up haphazard greening exercises. It should spend the money judiciously and plant indigenous species of trees and even showcase their attempt at conserving local species to the visiting delegates of CoP-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305633", "title": "Doctors, students at Madras Medical College pay homage to INA veteran Lakshmi Sahgal", "text": "CHENNAI: Students and faculty of the Madras Medical College gathered at the seminar hall of the institution on Friday to pay homage to a famous alumnus \u2014 Dr Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, who died in July at the age of 93.Many in the auditorium hadn't seen her, but had heard about her passion for medicine, her patriotism and bravery. On Friday, they listened in attention as her daughter Subashini Ali narrated anecdotes that Dr Sahgal had told her about the college.In 1938, Sahgal, then Lakshmi Swaminathan, daughter of lawyer S Swaminathan, received her MBBS from the MMC. Later, she received her diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics. She worked as a doctor in the Government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital in Triplicane. \"She was passionate about treating the poor. She was one of those who never believed in caste,\" said Ali.In 1942, during the surrender of Singapore by the British to the Japanese, Sahgal aided wounded prisoners of war, many of whom were interested in forming an Indian liberation army. She then started the women's wing of the Indian liberation army.She married Prem Kumar Sahgal in 1947. In 1971, Sahgal joined the CPM and represented it in the Rajya Sabha after persuading Jyoti Basu to change his opinion on Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose. Basu issued a statement describing Netaji as a patriot. She led medical teams to war-torn zones in Bangladesh and treated victims of the Bhopal gas tragedy. \"She was still seeing patients regularly at her clinic in Kanpur in 2006, at the age of 92,\" said Ali, amidst applause from doctors and medicos.After her death, her family donated her body to the Kanpur medical college. \"We are proud of such an alumnus. She is an inspiration to many of us,\" said hospital dean Dr V Kanagasabai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16306600", "title": "No progress in realtor killing case", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police have not got any leads in the murder case of realtor Pritam Singh, who was found murdered in his SUV in SBS Nagar, on Thursday morning.After questioning various persons in this case, the cops are yet to break any major clue.Additional deputy commissioner of police (ADCP), Zone 3, Joginder Singh said they questioned many persons, including Pritam's family members, during the preliminary investigation.\"We have come to know that Pritam's son is a drug addict, which is a reason of dispute in the family,\" said the ADCP.Sarabha Nagar SHO Alam Vijay Singh said they have procured call details of Pritam's three cell phones.A resident of Manakwal village near the city, Pritam was brutally killed with sharp edged weapons and his body was brutally stabbed.He went missing on the night of September 5 when he stepped out of home to purchase medicine for his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16306846", "title": "Contact lens can make you blind?", "text": "LONDON: Millions of contact lens users are at the mercy of a bug that is found in tap water and nibbles through eyeballs causing blindness , scientists have warned.With the Acanthamoeba parasite also found in dust, sea, showers and swimming pools, millions of people are at risk of going blind worldwide. The actual number of infections is small but treatment is long, painful and not completely effective.\"It is a potential problem for every single contact lens wearer,\" the Daily Mail quoted Fiona Henriquez, of the University of the West of Scotland, as saying.Acanthamoeba, a tiny single-celled parasite, feeds on bacteria found on dirty contact lenses and cases. When the lens is put in the eye, it starts to eat its way through the cornea and breeds as it goes.Symptoms are itchy and watery eyes, blurred vision, sensitivity to light, swelling of the upper eyelid and extreme pain. According to an optician, vision can be permanently damaged within a week. Treatment includes Dettol-like eye drops, with patients initially being treated every 20 minutes, and spending three weeks in hospital. The most severe cases are given cornea transplants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16306437", "title": "Students feel safe in ragging-free colleges", "text": "MYSORE: In the wake of the recent alleged incident of ragging in a college in Andhra Pradesh -- the video of which has gone viral on the internet - the management of colleges here, especially the ones at engineering institutes, are on alert. They have taken measures to ensure that students feel safe both in campus and at hostels.Students at the hostels of Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering (SJCE) ruled out any harassment by their seniors, thanks to \"ragging-free\" hostel and college.SJCE principal B G Sangameshwara told TOI that they have put in place a system to check ragging in the institute having nearly 4,000 students. So far, no incident of ragging has been reported, he said, adding that an anti-ragging squad visits two hostels - one for boys and the other for girls -- to ensure their safety.NIE public relations executive S R Gaikwad said their anti-ragging squad comprising lecturers regularly visits hotels to ensure safety of first year students. SJCE student Shantanu R Desai said their anti-ragging squad visits the hostel frequently. Neha Timmaiah of NIE said: \"We feel safe in our college hostel, because seniors and juniors are accommodated on different floors...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311089", "title": "Kristen Stewart can't sleep without teddies", "text": "Kristen Stewart is cuddling up to her stuffed toys for security and comfort, hoping that they'll help her get over any nerves she has about appearing in public, after her cheating scandal surfaced.The actress has apparently taken her favourite toys gifted by former beau Robert Pattinson to the Toronto Film Festival.\"Kristen is latching on to all the things that she associates with Robert and now she can't be without her stuffed animals,\" a source told Radar Online.\"Over the years, Robert, who was a hopeless romantic, bought Kristen plushies whenever he saw one he thought she would love.\"She is obsessed with them and has them scattered all over her bed; they're a sweet reminder of how he cared for her,\" the source said.She is said to be obsessed with the cuddly toys, and she can't go to sleep without them.\"But now, as they're no longer together, they've become more of a security blanket for Kristen, so she took a collection of her favorite teddy bears with her to Toronto.\"She's missing Robert a lot, and she's clinging on to her stuffed animals for comfort; Kristen is petrified about facing the public,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16304387", "title": "Woman tonsured, beaten up in Sambalpur village", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Ten villagers were arrested for allegedly tonsuring a woman and assaulting her at a village in Sambalpur district, police said on Friday. The accused suspected the 42-year-old woman of being involved in the death of her daughter's lover.The ugly incident occurred at Jayaghant within Dhama police station area on Thursday afternoon. The woman complained to police that some youths dragged her out of her home, shaved her head and blackened her face. They then tied her to a pole near a club, assaulted her and tore her clothes.\"We started an investigation soon after receiving the complaint and arrested 10 villagers involved in the nefarious act,\" said a senior police officer in the district.Sources said the woman's daughter was having an affair with Sudam Mahananda of the same village. The couple had eloped from the village last month. But Sudam died at Jharsuguda hospital due to illness later. But villagers accused the woman and her family of murdering the boy, and hounded them out of the village. \"The villagers had made our lives miserable. We left the village when it became too difficult for us to stay there and started living in another village nearby,\" the woman said.The incident took place when the victim came to her home on Thursday to take some household items. \"The villagers dragged me our when they saw me in the house. I cried for help but not a single person came forward to rescue me. Even the women did not make any attempt to restrain the men,\" the victim of the mob violence added.The incident has triggered anger among social activists, who demanded exemplary punishment against the villagers to discourage people from such heinous acts. \"It was a totally inhuman act. The villagers have no right to outrage the modesty of a woman. Such incidents should be condemned strongly,\" said Arati Panda, woman activist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16304719", "title": "'A dream dashed by traffic jam'", "text": "GURGAON: While barring toll collection at the 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway for a fortnight, Punjab and Haryana high court had made scathing observations against the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), calling the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway \"a national waste\" as neither time nor fuel is saved.TOI is in possession of the high court order dated September 4, 2012 in which it said that the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway was constructed with a high hope, but due to traffic jams the \"dream has fallen flat.\"The high court's order also mentioned a TOI news report highlighting that the traffic movement remained the same as it was earlier, even after issuance of directions by the high court. The court said the private concessionaire did nothing concrete to solve the problem of traffic jams from giving assurances for the last three years despite the court issuing directions. It further stated that courts are not supposed to monitor each and every activity of the state functionaries, however, in a situation like the one in hand, they are supposed to intervene and pass appropriate orders to solve the problem.The HC barred DGSCL from collecting toll tax from commuters from September 4 midnight to September 20, the next date of hearing. The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been directed to convene a meeting with the concessionaire and the state administration to devise ways and means to ensure smooth traffic. The stakeholders will have to produce a status report on the next hearing.The court stated that apart from its suggestion of putting five-six temporary windows/kiosks at sufficient distance on each cash lane on both sides for collection of toll fee to decongest the traffic, they can suggest other methods as well.The Gurgaon traffic police and NHAI also placed their affidavits in the court on September 4. While the assistant commissioner of police (traffic) stated that even by putting into practice the above alternative method by the concessionaire, i.e. converting two cash lanes into seven temporary lanes, the traffic has not been decongested. \"To say so, a news item appearing in the Times of India has also been placed on record which clearly depicts that traffic movement remained the same, as it was earlier, even after issuance of directions by this court,\" observed the court at this point.The NHAI, in its affidavit, stated that the method adopted by the concessionaire to collect the toll fee is not foolproof and pilferage is expected, it also requires manual intervention in two places, which is not permissible in law. It further stated that even by adopting the alternative method, the traffic has not been decongested.The court also made it clear that this period of suspension of collection of toll fee will be adjusted in the overall period of the concessionaire at the time of final disposal of the writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305662", "title": "Cattle death forces NMC to clean river every month", "text": "NASHIK: Civic authorities who restarted the work of clearing water hyacinth in the Godavari from September 6 onwards, will be carrying out the drive on a monthly basis.The decision came following allegations by farmers in Anandvalli, whose buffaloes were found dead Asarambapu bridge, that the water hyacinth had caused the death.Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials had visited the bridge after the incident and discovered that the carcasses were entangled in thick water hyacinth. This led to the decision to clean the river once every month.The NMC had begun clearing the hyacinth early in June but barely a month later the exercise was stopped under the pretext that most of the hyacinth had been washed away due to rains on July 31.When corporator Vikram Mate questioned the NMC on its drive to get the river cleared, NMC standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said that he would direct the concerneddepartment to restart the work immediately. \"Water hyacinth has increased considerably, so we are planning get it cleared. We have begun with cleaning operations from Thursday afternoon onwards and this would be a monthly drive to ensure that there is continual clearing. We are doing this through earthmovers,\" said Nimse.He said that all the new gutters that go into the river would be closed to arrest manifestation of the water hyacinth. \"A provision of Rs 50 crore has been made for this purpose, \" Nimse added.He added that sewage being emptied into the river will be treated at the plant in Gangapur that is to be constructed soon.Commenting on objections raised by the land owners at Gangapur about rates being offered to them for land to set up the plant, Nimse said that the NMC had already deposited Rs 7 crore at the collector's office for land acquisition. He said and that land owners were offered ready reckoner rates. \"They were asking for trasfer development rights, which is not possible,\" said Nimse. \"Even if the land owners object to the land acquisition, we can acquire it since it is reserved. we have deposited the money anyway,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303695", "title": "Snag hits SpiceJet flight", "text": "HYDERABAD: A city-bound SpiceJet aircraft with 35 passengers on board was forced to abort its take-off due to a technical snag at Gannavaram airport near Vijayawada on Friday morning. The passengers reached their destination in the evening by alternative means.According to the airport authorities, the aircraft developed the technicalsnag in one of the engines during its return journey to Hyderabad. The pilot noticed the snag in one of the aircraft engineswhile he was preparing to take-off at around 9 am. An experts team from Hyderabad was rushed to check the aircraft and identify the snag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305206", "title": "Sea food spread for foodies", "text": "RANCHI: A sizzler food festival called \"Sizzle Drizzle\" is all set to tickle the taste buds of foodies in the city with Oriental, Continental and Indian dishes from September 8.The main attraction of this nine-day event will be sea food. \"Earlier too, we had conducted such festivals but this time we have a variation with sea food as a major attraction and that, too, at nominal rates,\" said Narendra Singh, resident manager of Yellow Sapphire at Capitol Hill, which is oranising the gastronomic delight.\"We will try and make sure people come and enjoy the delicacies in the right ambience,\" said Sanjay Bhatia, director.\"The theme will be play boy. Waiters and waitresses will be in blue and white and the decor will be in red and blue,\" said Satish Mishra , assistant food and beverage manager.Sizzling lobster, mandarin chicken cubes, nawabi murg seekh, fristo mistro, sesame chicken seekh along with sweet dishes like fruit pie and chocolate walnut pudding will be a part of the menu. \"In the Continental section we will have barbeque. Crabs, lobsters and prawns will comprise the sea food,\" said Mrinal Bakshi, executive chef.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16303662", "title": "Banks move to choke 'sinking' colleges", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a move that could hit the managements of private engineering colleges, bankers are contemplating initiating stringent measures to recover dues from the colleges. With many colleges facing a near crisis following the new fee systemintroduced by the state government, the bankers are worried about the recovery of loans.Sources said the bank managements directed their field managers to closely monitor the admission process in colleges to which they have given loans. Sources said that over 200 colleges, which were set up after 2008, are in trouble due to lack of response from the students and could be in deep crisis once the admission process gets completed in a couple of weeks.Stunningly, these 'new' colleges alone owe over Rs 2,500 crore to various banks in the state. Although the managements purchased land to the extent of 10-15 acres for setting up engineering colleges by spending over Rs 4 -5 crore, they took loans for raising the structures in the last four years. Sources said that each college secured not less than Rs 10-12 crore loan from the bankers by pledging their land.\"With the land rates remaining stable, each acre (except in the surroundings of Hyderabad) costs anywhere between Rs 50 lakh-80 lakh. That way the entire land pledged by the college might not cost more than Rs 5-8 crore against their loan component of more than Rs 18-20 crore, including interest. In such case, we cannot allow the colleges to get away without paying us the dues,\" a senior manager at a leading bank told TOI.Bankers fear that the recovery rate could be very low since several colleges are in the red this academic season. Of the total 3.4 lakh seats available in more than 550 colleges, nearly 2.23 lakh seats would be filled under the convener quota. Curiously, only 1.43 lakh students appeared for certificate verification across the state as against the total Eamcet qualified ofthrough Eamcet which stands at two lakhs.According to Eamcet coordinators, nearly 1.1 lakh seats under the convener quota were expected to be vacant. Absence of over one lakh students at the screening centres is leaving the college managements sleepless as chances of convener quota seats getting filled in their colleges are remote. \"Any college cannot survive if less than 60 per cent seats are filled up of the total seat strength. With a majority of the students likely to opt for reputed colleges, it is difficult to predict the fate of new colleges,\" said Mittapalli Venkata Koteswara Rao, chairman of an engineering college group.Interestingly, the top rated colleges with higher fees, are also likely to face the heat as students from economically backward sections might go to the 'next in the line' college which is ready to accept Rs 35,000 unified fees.Sources said bankers are doing a stock-taking of the enrolment of 200 colleges. These have a total seat strength of nearly 1 lakh (both management and convener quota) and officials believe that around 10 per cent of these colleges could attract reasonable admissions. At this juncture, bankers have also decided to completely stop lending to the private engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306594", "title": "Wet spell not waning", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lord Indra is finally smiling on the state and how! It has been raining incessantly in the state for five days and weather officials say that the wet spell is expected to continue for the next three to four days.\"The monsoon trough lies over Gujarat state because of which more rain is expected. The department has issued a warning of moderate to rather heavy rains in the state and very heavy rains in isolated places on Saturday. The situation will be reviewed further on Sunday,\" says Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist of Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat.Mohanty said that the current spell has helped state overcome a the rain deficiency to a great extent. \"Three districts of the state, Dahod, Panchmahals and Sabarkantha, have shifted into the normal rains category while Gandhinagar , Dangs and Valsad are expected to touch the normal rains mark soon,\" said Mohanty.State revenue department announced that the six days of rains in September has been the highest and biggest spell so far in this season. In June, the state received 33mm of rains, followed by 131.55mm in July. In August, the state received 156.07mm of rains and in first seven days of September the state has received 152.75mm.In all, the state has received 474.30mm of rains, which was 59.44 per cent of the annual rainfall of 798 mm. The officials said that as on September 7, of the 225 Talukas, only 48 Talukas received less than 250 mm. Also the number of talukas receiving more than 500 mm of rains has increased to 78. Of these, 12 talukas have received more than 1000mm of rainfall.Kutch region has received 32 per cent of its annual rainfall, while north Gujarat has received 68 per cent. Central Gujarat has received 70 per cent, while south Gujarat has received 60 per cent of the annual rains. The parched Surashtra region also has now received 44 per cent of the annual average.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308823", "title": "I had refused Mahadev: Mouni", "text": "Though she's spent close to six years in the TV industry, actress Mouni Roy feels that 'Devon Ke Dev Mahadev' has given her the fame she always dreamt of. \"I had initially refused to do the 'Devon Ke Dev...' as I didn't want to do a mythological show. But the producers promised that the show will be made on a grand scale. So, I thought it'll be a lifetime opportunity and I'm happy I made this choice,\" says Mouni, while on a visit to Lucknow.And was she apprehensive about getting typecast, by doing a deeply religious role? \"I didn't see it that way. Everybody has a professional life and a separate private life. I don't feel my personal life would be affected by what I do in my professional life,\" says Mouni. Currently playing the lead in 'Apne Toh Apne Hote Hain', a show on Life OK, Mouni is happy the way her career has shaped up. \"I feel lucky that I have never been out of work, ever since I came in the industry. I did 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' for a good two and a half years, before doing reality dance shows. In fact, I would say that TV gave me opportunity to do everything I love to do, whether it was dancing or singing or acting. I enjoyed it all and learned new things at every step,\" she grins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305376", "title": "Rajya Sabha score card: 62 hrs lost, 3 Bills passed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 226th session of Rajya Sabha came to an end on Friday with chairman Hamid Ansari pointing to the fact that as many as 62 hours were lost during the session because of disruptions and only three Bills passed. Ansari said that the session was likely to be remembered for the work that was not done.Even on Friday the morning session witnessed two adjournments \u2014 before it was finally adjourned sine die \u2014 following protests by BJP MPs, who continued to demand the resignation of PM Manmohan Singh, and SP members who gathered in the well of the House to show their disapproval for the SC/ST promotion quota Bill. The Question Hour could be conducted on only one of the 19 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305124", "title": "Recover export price from ore lessees: Report", "text": "PANAJI:The Shah commission report has recommended that the export or market price of iron ore be recovered from the lessee concerned or raising contractor of the 42 mines whose delayed lease renewals were condoned by the government. The commission has termed the condoning of the delay as illegal and has recommended penal action against all those responsible for \"hatching the conspiracy for approval of leases\".The Goa (Part 1) report states, \"The iron ore extracted and dispatched from these mining leases should be considered as illegal/irregular and unlawful and amount at market/export rate thereof should be recovered.\"It further states that \"there is criminal misconduct\" on the part of officials, officers and ministers, who were part of processing the illegal cases and giving their approval for delayed renewals etc. In certain cases mines were allowed to be operated even before the final approval had been given, the report states.Commission chairman, Justice M B Shah, states that the commission received some files that showed that delays had been condoned. \"It is pertinent to note here that there was a single system of file movement when such delay condonation was accorded by state government. The files initiated by the office of DMG (directorate of mines and geology) have gone to concerned minister of mines or chief minister. Hence, they are involved in this act of illegal and unlawful delay condonation and in some cases, renewal too,\" Shah states in the report.The commission has directed that all the mineral produced and available at mines shall be confiscated in favour of the government and (the mines) shall be auctioned through a committee of officers of known integrity.It has recommended that those mines that have not yet effectively started or whose operations have not still reached the stage of actual extraction of minerals should be kept reserved for at least 15 to 20 years and after that period should also be auctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304693", "title": "BSP slams state government", "text": "LUCKNOW: The BSP on Friday accused the Samajwadi Party government of issuing arbitrary orders stalling development projects in 34 backward districts under the Backward Region Grants Fund (BRGF) programme.Leader and leader of opposition in the state assembly, Swami Prasad Maurya said the minister concerned, in the name of inquiry, has stalled all works related to BRGF programme, for which the funds are issued by the Centre. All development works in 34 backward districts have come to a halt following the state government orders, he added. Leader of opposition in state legislative council, Naseemuddin Siddiqui alleged massive irregularities to the tune of Rs 50,000 crore in deals concerning the irrigation department land in Noida during the Mulayam Singh Yadav government and demanded probe by a central agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305076", "title": "Railways needs Rs 2 lakh cr to tide over fiscal mess", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reeling under acute financial stress, railways will have to generate around Rs 2 lakh crore from borrowing and internal resources which include earnings from passenger fare, freight tariff and investment from private sector during the 12th Five Year plan (2012-17). Considering transporter's performance during the 11th plan, the target seems to be quite steep. To make matters worse, the passenger fare has not been revised for close to a decade.Railways was supposed to raise Rs 90,000 crore from its internal resource, but fell short by Rs 18,168 crore. The increase in salaries and allowances of employees and pension payments following the implementation of the sixth pay commission was cited as the main reason behind its failure.\"The expected investment through internal resources and PPP did not materialize resulting in lesser investment,\" an official said, adding that this resulted in greater reliance on support from the general exchequer and market borrowings during the 11th Plan.The transporter is expected to get a moderate 155.64% hike in plan allocation that will be increased to Rs 194,221 crore during 12th Plan from Rs 75,976 crore in the 11th Plan. The meeting of Planning Commission scheduled on September 15 s expected to finalize total outlay for railway at Rs 404,811 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16304672", "title": "Goa women top higher education enrolment", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's higher education institutes have a female enrolment of 61.2%, making it the highest women enrolment for higher studies in any state in India. The findings, published in the latest annual report of the University Grants Commission (UGC) for 2010-11, show that Goa has not just retained the top spot since 2006-07 but has bettered its past record.Kerala, which found itself in the second spot in women enrolment at 56.8%, was ousted by Goa from the top spot in 2006-07, when the state recorded female enrolment of 59%.Though Goa remained at the top for the following years, the figure remained static until 2010-11.The UGC report notes that across the country the percentage increase in women enrolment has been almost minimal as compared to the total enrolment in all states, during 2010-2011 over the receding year.\"Even at the degree level, the enrolment of girls is higher and the same trend is reflected at the university level. Drop out is more among boys at the school level in Goa as lot of gainful employment opportunities are available to them. We have also noticed that girls take home most scholarships and merit awards in the state. We are also happy that more girls are choosing careers in research over the last five years,\" Goa University registrar Vijayendra Kamat said.Other than Goa, Kerala and a few north eastern states, enrolment of women in higher education is below 50% in other states.Goa was not among states that established several women's colleges during the academic year 2010-11, yet the state improved its numbers.The report shows that the number of colleges in Goa has gone up from 46 in 2006-07 to 54 in 2010-11. Goa University received total grants of Rs 1.74 crore from the UGC during the year as against Rs 24 lakh in 2005-06.Goa was among states that were granted accreditation by UGC to conduct state eligibility tests (SET) for lecturer-ship in 2005-06 and it has continued to hold the test regularly since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305698", "title": "Man booked for assaulting son-in-law", "text": "NASHIK: Sarkarwada police have registered an offence against Suresh Dhakne of Makhmalabad Road, for attacking his son-in-law at Civil Hospital, Nashik. Dhakne's daughter was married to Prakash Sangle. While Dhakne was working on land Prakash owned he had allegedly misbehaved with the wife of the plot's security guard. Dhakne was then reportedly fired from the job, following which Kalpana committed suicide. In his complainant Prakash alleged that after his wife died on January 1, 2012, the accused along with five others beat him up with sticks injuring him severely..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310751", "title": "Thiruvilayadal to be re-released?", "text": "After the success of the new Karnan, one of Sivaji Ganesan's yesteryear hits, Thiruvilayadal, is all set to be re-released.A source says, \"The film will be colour corrected and released by CN Paramasivan, son of the legendary director, AP Nagarajan. The ace director holds the creative rights for most of Sivaji's films, and Paramasivan plans to maintain and preserve the reels, and rerelease all the good films soon.\"Thiruvilayadal , also starring Muthuraman, Nagesh and Savithri in the lead, is about some of the 'divine leelas' of Lord Siva. The film, which has music by K V Mahadevan, boasts of some hit tunes including Paattum Naane ...., Pazham Neeyappa ....., Podhigai Malai Uchieley ...., Indroru Naal Pothuma .... and Paarthal Pasumaram .... The film released in 1965 and was declared a success then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303773", "title": "Civic body flooded with complaints of waterlogging after heavy rainfall", "text": "INDORE: Heavy rains that lashed the city recently, poured hardships for people as faulty sewerage system under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Renewable Mission (JNNURM) resulted in excessive waterlogging. So much so, that the control room of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) received almost 240 calls on Thursday.Taking serious view of the problem, former city engineer Narendra Surana said it is an alarming sign for the city which boasts of becoming a metro in the years to come. \"City's civic infrastructure, particularly the sewerage ,is in a very bad shape. If we cannot manage it in a population of just 25 lakh, what will be the scenario when the population is expected to touch the 40 lakh mark?\" asked Surana.Interestingly, the present sewerage line which was constructed by the British government way back in 1932, covers only 30% area of present city. It means that almost 70% of the city's area lacks a proper sewerage system.Surprisingly, IMC has been constructing sewerage line in the city for the mast many years at the cost of Rs 200 crore that was sanctioned under the JNNURM project. Similarly, a storm water line is also being constructed at a cost of Rs 7 crore.Sewerage line of Indore was constructed in 1932 by British government a it cover hardly 30 % areas of the present Indore. It means around 70 per cent area of the city do not have sewerage system. It is to be noted that IMC is constructing sewerage line in the city for past few years at the cost of Rs 200 crore, project had been sanctioned under JNNURM. In addition to this IMC is also constructing storm water line at the cost of Rs 7 crore. But this project has failed to save city from water logging.Hapless residents had a touch time commuting on account of acute water logging in their area. Sunil Marathe, resident of Bengali Square said, \"Last year there was water logging only after three-four days of continuous rainfall, but this year the roads were submerged in a day's downpour.\" said MaratheOn the other hand, the civic officials claim to be taking all the measures to deal with the present civic situation in the city. \"We sent nearly 12 vehicles and several teams to clear the blockade which has paid off well and water logging from the colonies receded just in a day,\" said Virendra Pathrod, incharge of IMC control room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306812", "title": "Three pontoon bridges in Patna, Madhubani and Buxar soon", "text": "PATNA: Given the pressure of rising public demand, the state government has decided to lay three new 'pipa puls (pontoon bridges)' in the state, one each in Patna, Madhubani and Buxar districts, at a total cost of Rs 26.38 crore. The pontoon bridge in Buxar district would come as a huge relief to people of not only this district but also to those belonging to Balia district in Uttar Pradesh (UP).Road construction department (RCD) minister Nand Kishore Yadav said on Friday that a directive had been issued to the officials concerned to initiate the tendering process to select the agencies concerned without delay so that work could start in right earnest. The department would also identify and assess some other sites in the state where pontoon bridges are required for public convenience. \"These bridges are demand based. If the people concerned in an area need and demand it, the pontoon bridge is sanctioned,\" the minister said.The three pontoon bridges will include the one at Bakhtiarpur, linking the Kala Diara across the river Ganga in Patna district. The second pontoon bridge will be in Madhepur block of Madhubani district across the eastern channel of river Kamla, linking the Bhit Bhagwanpur Road. The third one would be from Bihar Ghat to Uttari Diara across the river Ganga and it will be located near Nainijor village in Brahmpur block of Buxar district.The laying of the pontoon bridge at Bakhtiarpur consisting of 30 sets of equipment would cost Rs 8.10 crore, and the cost incurred on the bridge with eight sets in Madhubani district would be Rs 2.66 crore. The pontoon bridge in Buxar district with 60 sets of equipment would be laid at a cost of Rs 15.62 crore, Yadav said.The pontoon bridge between Bakhtiarpur and Kala diara would benefit around 50,000 people living in Kala Diara, Rupas Mahaji, Chiraiya and Hardaspur Diara panchayats, among others. An equal number of people would be benefited in Madhubani district.However, the pontoon bridge in Brahmpur block would provide multi-pronged benefits to people concerned, as it would reduce the distance for people desiring of entering UP from Bihar, and vice versa. People of Brahmpur and Chaki blocks have to cover 70-75km of distance to reach Balia in UP, but the pontoon bridge would reduce the distance to just 5km, Yadav said.Besides, farmers belonging to both UP and Bihar adjoining Balia district have their arable land on both sides of the river and, therefore, the pontoon bridge would also facilitate comfortable farming activities on the part of farmers of the two states in the area, the minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304298", "title": "Residents cry foul as two trees collapse", "text": "NAGPUR: Two trees on the premises of Sir Gangadharrao Chitnavis Memorial Medical Research Trust, in Civil Lines, collapsed following heavy rainfall that lashed the city in the past two days. However, residents of the area allege foul play.Residents informed that extensive digging work had been done around the spot where the trees originally stood. With rains pouring, the mud around the roots gave way resulting into the trees collapse, sources said.However, the Trust members insisted that the trees collapsed due to natural reasons. Contradicting the claims made by the Trust, some local residents charged that deep pits were dug very close to the trees intentionally. This was to ensure that the trees, which were proving to be an obstruction in the Trust's new construction plans, felling appeared natural.\"The Trust had plans to put up a huge hoarding on its premises but the trees would have blocked its visibility. They have done it intentionally as they would not have been able to cut off the trees otherwise,\" alleged Deepak Dabra, resident of the locality.Another citizen, requesting anonymity, said, \"Anybody will have the common sense that digging in such a way around tree roots would result into the tree's collapse. If they had really wanted to protect the trees then why didn't they initiate immediate action to save them?\"The Trust premises has another big Neem tree which too is on the verge of collapse. Defending their stand, Trust members insisted that their organization was very serious about green cover.\"If the digging has caused the trees to fall, then the electric pole near them should also have fallen. We will be planting many more trees in the complex in a planned manner,\" assured d Rajshree Anand, legal retainer of the Trust.In another incident a huge mango tree got a lease of life when its indiscriminate chopping was stopped by some alert citizens. \"We saw huge branches of a full grown mango tree being chopped by some labourers. First they refused to stop but when we threatened to lodge a complaint with Nagpur Municipal Corporation, they stopped and called the owner,\" said Kaustav Chatterjee of Green Vigil.The tree was on the plot belonging to Anil Kumar Lakhotiya and was coming in the way of construction going on there. \"If we didn't interfere the whole tree would have been chopped off,\" said Chatterjee.But speaking for the owner Ajay Somani said that it was a mistake by the labourers and they didn't want to cut the whole tree. \"We also love trees. We apologize for the mistake,\" he said.There seems to be a dispute on why the trees which were standing on the boundary of the complex fell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305988", "title": "\u2018MoEF, Assam failed in their duties\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union environment ministry and the Assam government were apparently \"unaware\" of the proliferation of illegal industries in the no-development zone around the Kaziranga National Park, drawing a scathing observation from the National Green Tribunal that they had \"totally failed in their duties\".When Assam-based activist Rohit Choudhury filed a petition before the tribunal against rampant development near park, it emerged that the environment ministry could not even trace its 1996 notification which had banned industrialization around the Numaligarh Refinery and the park. The tribunal bench had to ask the ministry to collect it from the petitioner's lawyer, Ritwick Dutta.In an embarrassment for the ministry, its wildlife division had claimed it was unaware of any industries in the restricted belt. For the Assam government, there was worse in store when it was discovered that the state had even notified an industrial zone \u2014 Bokakhat Mini Industrial Estate \u2014 over 10 hectares for saw mills, stone crushers, steel fabrication units, hotels and guest houses in the same no-development belt.The Central Pollution Control Board was tasked to report on the situation and it found that 64 industrial units were functioning within the no-development zone with impunity. The board presented a scathing report on the industries functioning around the park which is famous for its one-horned rhino.\"We are of the opinion that the MoEF and the state government of Assam have totally failed in their duties with respect to implementation of the provisions of the 1996 notification and due to the callous and indifferent attitude exhibited by the authorities, (a) number of polluting industries/units were established in and around the no-development zone of Kaziranga,\" the tribunal's bench of Justices A S Naidu and G K Pandey said.In 1996, while giving the nod to the Numaligarh Refinery near Kaziranga, the central government had declared a no-development zone in a 15-km periphery. The notification said no extension of the existing industrial area, township, infrastructural facilities and other such activities which could lead to pollution and congestion would be allowed within the prohibited zone, except with prior approval of the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306717", "title": "Maharashtra crackdown to avoid misuse of aid to schools", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will issue fresh guidelines to make sure financial aid to unaided schools is not misused and action is taken against institutions that take permission to open schools, but don't open eventually. Sources said over the past few years, organizations have been taking permission to open unaided schools. But even after four years of taking permission, they don't open the school. On the pretext of low attendance, the management keeps seeking permission to shift these schools. In the fifth year, when they become eligible for aid, they just apply.Around 200 institutions have sought permission to shift base this year but sources say most have not started schools even four years after getting permission. Rules state that schools are granted permission to shift on humanitarian grounds and are entitled to 20% aid in the fifth year, which increases to 100% in the ninth year. This is bleeding government coffers.\"Not only will these institutions not be given permission to shift, but their permission to open the school will also be cancelled,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310524", "title": "Sadaa's sari tales", "text": "We hear that Sadaa shot for a song in her upcoming Tamil-Telugu bilingual, Mythili , in which she pays an ode to the traditional Indian attire, sari. The girl wears not one, but three different kinds of saris for this song!Says the Anniyan girl, \"I believe that a sari makes a girl look beautiful, irrespective of her body type. It's our traditional attire, and even if we stay abroad and wear western outfits for most part of our lives, we will never think twice about wearing a sari when the occasion demands. We wanted to reiterate this fact, and kind of pay a tribute to this costume through this song.\"She continues, \"We shot this number in Hyderabad about 10 days ago. I wore three kinds of sari \u2014 the traditional Tamil-Telugu one, the Maharashtrian one and in the Malayali style. We wanted to explore the Bengali kind of draping as well, but couldn't because of lack of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303791", "title": "Special train between Mumbai-Delhi from October 3", "text": "INDORE: The western railways will be introducing a special air-conditioned train between Mumbai and Delhi from October 3 to clear the rush of travelers during puja vacations.PRO (WR) Pradeep Sharma said that train number 09005 Mumbai Central - New Delhi bi-weekly superfast train will run from Mumbai Central from October 3 to November 28 on Sundays and Wednesdays.The train will leave Mumbai Central at 19.45 hrs and will reach New Delhi at 17.35 hrs, while train number 09006 New Delhi- Mumbai central will run from October 4 to November 29. The train will leave New Delhi at 23.40hrs on Mondays and Thursday and will reach Mumbai central at 21.15 hrs the next day.The train will have first AC, second AC and third AC coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16306996", "title": "Policeman deputed to escort minister killed in accident", "text": "MADURAI: A special sub-inspector of police, attached to Thanjavur South police station was fatally knocked down as the vehicle in which he was travelling, hit a tree near Thanjavur on Friday morning. The victim, Sankar, 50, was on his way to provide escort to state minister for housing and urban development, R Vaithilingam, who was staying in Thanjavur from Thursday. Sankar was accompanied by head constable Kaviarasan and constable Gunasekaran at the wheels of the Thanjavur Arms Division jeep.Usually, Vaithilingam arrives at Orathanadu, his hometown on Friday nights and takes part in government and other meetings in Thanjavur during the weekend. However, this week, Vaithilingam had already come to his hometown on Thursday and hence the escort team was going to Orathanadu, a distance of 23 km from Thanjavur, to accompany the minister.As the escort vehicle was nearing Orathanadu, Gunasekaran tried to overtake a mini truck, when he spotted a calf crossing the road ahead. Soon after overtaking the mini truck, Gunasekaran tried to avoid hitting it head on and swerved the vehicle to the right. But, before he could realise it, he had already hit the tree, said an eyewitness, who was grazing his cattle in the vicinity. While Sankar was killed on the spot, Kaviarasan and Gunasekaran, who were injured, were rushed to the Thanjavur Medical College Hospital.A saddened minister first visited the site of the accident and then headed for the hospital where the policemen were stated to be out of danger. The minister after consoling the injured policemen visited the residence of the deceased and placed a wreath. Sankar belongs to Tiruvarur district and is survived by his wife and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "a busy day ", "code": "16308878", "title": "A relaxed evening in Lucknow", "text": "A busy day : The British High Commissioner HE James David Bevan had a busy day on Wednesday when he visited the City of Nawabs. After a high tea at a software consultancy firm, HE Bevan Bevan joined Dr Ammar Rizvi for dinner, hosted by the senior politico.Mix N Match : The gathering, which turned out to be a mix of government officials, politicians, socialites, educationists and businessmen, could hardly wait to meet the guest of honour. While Rizvi thanked the High Commissioner for taking out time to visit Lucknow, Bevan himself said how eager he had been to see the city. \"I had heard a lot about this City of Nawabs and had always wanted to visit it. It's a beautiful blend of cultures and religions. It was in the past and it still remains an important place for us British,\" said he.Relaxed evening : It being Teacher's Day, all the educationists present at the do including Farah Rizvi, LU VC Manoj Mishra, Aradhana Misra and Rehana Ali were wished by most of the guests. Prateek and Aparna Yadav remained surrounded by people for most of the do. Siddharth Agarwal was spotted with bureaucrats Sanjay Prasad and Amod Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306808", "title": "Kanda's wife seeks action against news channels", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday issued notices to six Hindi and English television news channels and Haryana government on a petition filed by former minister Gopal Kanda's wife Saras Goel.Goel in her petition has accused the news channels of highlighting frivolous issues regarding Geetika Sharma suicide case, which caused \"damage to the reputation of Gopal Kanda.\" Directions have also been sought by her to prevent electronic channels from broadcasting any news pertaining to her husband in the Geetika Sharma case. She has also alleged that electronic channels were presenting the case as if her husband was a terrorist and a threat to the nation.Justice Nawab Singh of the HC issued notice to principal secretary (home), Haryana, and six national news channels, asking them to respond to the contentions raised by the petitioner by October 12. The petition has been filed jointly by Kanda's wife Saras Goel, his daughters Sushila, 25, Daya, 20, and son Lekh Ram, 19.\"There are only vague allegations of harassment against my husband, but the electronic media without any restraint is bent upon giving coloured notions to the sad event,\" Goel has said in her 29-page petition.Further alleging that channels were flinging mud at the reputation of her husband without any restraint, reservation and any basis in reality or truth, she has also sought directions from the HC to take action against all these channels for tarnishing their family's image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16307012", "title": "Miracle cure: Is Marriage key to cancer treatment?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have discovered a new cancer treatment that outranks all others - marriage.Married patients with advanced lung cancer are likely to survive longer after treatment than patients who are single, according to a study by the University of Maryland Marlene and Stewart Greenebaum Cancer Center in Baltimore . Similar benefits have been seen in other cancers, including those of the prostate, and head and neck.The researchers studied 168 patients with Stage III non-small cell lung cancer, the most common type of lung cancer, who were treated with chemotherapy and radiation over a 10-year-period.They found that 33% of married patients were still alive after three years compared to 10% of the single patients, with women faring better than men. Married women had the best three-year survival rate (46%) against 3% in single men.\"Marital status appears to be an important independent predictor of survival in patients with locally advanced non-small cell lung cancer,\" said the study's lead author, Elizabeth Nichols.\"The reason for this is unclear\" Nichols said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16304930", "title": "Mayor submits charter of demands", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana chief secretary, during his visit to the city on Friday, met the mayor and his team. The mayor presented a charter of demands to the chief secretary and requested him to expedite the decision-making process.\"We told the chief secretary that many development projects are getting delayed as the files that go for approval to Chandigarh take ages. We have requested him to increase our spending power so that we don't have to seek approval for each and every expense from the state government. The other important topic that we discussed with him was related to the taking over of the private builder area by the municipal corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16306879", "title": "Hyderabad lost considerable green cover in the name of development", "text": "The city of Hyderabad has lost considerable green cover in the name of development over the last few years. And CoP-11 could have actually worked for the city had the government planned in advance how it would effectively use the beautification money. An amount of Rs 10 crore is princely for restoring much of the lost greenery. It is still not too late. The government can still plan long-term instead of taking up haphazard greening exercises. It should spend the money judiciously and plant indigenous species of trees and even showcase their attempt at conserving local species to the visiting delegates of CoP-11.Related story: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's green drive goes awry", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305082", "title": "Man detained by cops consumes poison", "text": "LUCKNOW: A youth detained by the police in connection with a kidnapping complaint, reportedly consumed poison at the Madiaon police station in Lucknow on Friday evening. He was rushed to the hospital in a critical condition but was declared dead upon arrival by the attending doctors.Allegations are that the victim and his paramour were at the police station and the youth took the drastic step after the police thrashed him repeatedly before the girl after she, apparently under pressure from her family, refused to continue the relationship. Police however claimed that the youth had consumed poison before he stepped into the police station.Sometime later the poison showed it effect and he was knocked off unconscious. senior superintendent police, Lucknow, AK Chaturvedi said senior officials are enquiring into the incident keeping in mind all the possible reasons that could have led to the incident and action will be taken on the basis of the findings.He ruled out possibilities of foul play on the part of the police on the basis of initial findings.The authorities are yet to order a magisterial probe, a mandatory part of the protocol to be followed in every custody death irrespective of the circumstances.Police had rounded up Sunil Rawat and Rashmi (name changed to conceal identity) - both residents of Madiaon area on the city outskirts - around noon on Friday. A native of Sitapur, Sunil and his family worked as labourers at a construction site near the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) and so did Rashmi and her parents. The two had eloped about three months ago. On September 3, 2012 Rashmi's parents lodged a complaint with the Madiaon police accusing Sunil of kidnapping her. They also informed the police that the contractor, for whom the two families worked, was possibly aware of the couple's present location.Police summoned the contractor and directed him to produce the couple at the earliest. The contractor, who reportedly did not know of the couple's background then, launched a manhunt and finally traced the couple in Delhi where they were living after getting duly married at a temple. At the instance and assurance of the contractor, the couple returned to Lucknow on Friday and the contractor handed them over to the Madiaon police around noon. The police then summoned the two families and asked them to resolve the issue else they would have to initiate due police action in the case.Allegations are that after sustained persuasion by her family, the girl agreed to stay with them and refused to go with Sunil. Till now confident of Rashmi, Sunil got a shock of his life when she denied their earlier claims of marriage before him. Accusations are it was here that the police severely assaulted Sunil before Rashmi threatening to book him in a case of kidnapping and rape on the complaint of her parents. Earlier too, police had allegedly beaten him up for no cause.It was after this showdown that Sunil suddenly hit the ground and told the police that he had consumed poison that he was carrying with himself when he entered the police station. Interestingly, at the hospital where Sunil was taken by the police, Rashmi identified herself as wife of the patient. The body of the deceased was sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305113", "title": "Major posts Lt Col\u2019s wife\u2019s \u2018explicit stuff\u2019 on porn site", "text": "NEW DELHI: Several military officers have got entangled in sexual harassment cases, honey-traps or \"stealing the affections of a brother officer's wife'' in recent years. But this time, a Major is in the dock for allegedly uploading \"sexually explicit material'' and the cellphone number of a Lt Colonel's wife on adult websites.Even as the Army conducts a court of inquiry (CoI) into the charges against the Major in Bathinda, a junior commissioned officer is also facing a court martial at Panagarh for eloping with a NCC girl cadet who had taken part in the Republic Day parade.The Bathinda case, however, has sent shock waves down the ranks after the Lt Colonel from the Army Aviation squadron complained to the 10 Corps commander, Lt-General Sanjeev Anand, that his wife was receiving \"national and international unsolicited calls'' after the Major posted her mobile number on \"adult chat sites''.The Army denied the Major had even posted sexually explicit pictures and video clips on the websites, saying that \"the allegations are restricted to posting the mobile number on the websites and intrusion of privacy''.Sources, however, said the military intelligence had moved to get the websites blocked due to the \"explicit content'', which had been uploaded by the Major.\" The ongoing investigation is looking into how the Major got hold of the explicit material and whether there was a larger racket at play in the unit,'' said a source.In the other case, the JCO is being court-martialled after the CoI and the subsequent \"summary of evidence'' prima facie established that he had eloped with the NCC cadet. \"The JCO failed to join back duty on time. He was found in a hotel with the girl,'' said an officer.These two cases come close after a Lt-Col was caught for establishing contact on social networking site Facebook with a Bangladeshi woman working for Pakistan's ISI, who had earlier honey-trapped another Indian military officer in Bangladesh.The Navy last year sacked Commodore Sukhjinder Singh after his sexually explicit pictures with a Russian woman had surfaced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305561", "title": "H1N1 claims 1,001 victims in state", "text": "PUNE: The state reported its sixth swine flu casualty this month after a 40-year-old mentally-challenged woman from Kolhapur died on Wednesday. The other deaths have been reported from Sangli (4), Satara and Kolhapur.So far, an estimated 1,001 people have died of H1N1 influenza in Maharashtra after the new strain of flu claimed the country's first victim, 14-year-old Reida Shaikh, in Pune on August 3, 2009. During this period, the virus infected a total of 12,522 people across the state,\" health officials said.The Pune-based National Institute of Virology had earlier stated that the virus has become endemic and is now like any other circulating seasonal virus.\"Influenza epidemics in colder countries are usually seen in winter. In tropical countries like India, epidemics can be seen throughout the year,\" said state epidemiologist Pradip Awate. \"In fact, there is a propensity towards more epidemics during the monsoon. This is usually due to a combination of high humidity, relatively cool temperatures and indoor crowding of people.\"Around 95% cases tend to improve without the help of medicine, he said. \"Though the H1N1 influenza can strike anyone, those with compromised immunity are more susceptible to fatalities,\" Awate said.The spread of the swine influenza A (H1N1) virus is thought to occur in the same way that seasonal flu spreads. The influenza spreads from person to person through the respiratory route. If a person already infected with the virus coughs, sneezes or even talks or sings loudly, he or she generates aerosols or droplets of saliva with virus particles in it.So far, it has been observed that certain medical conditions increase the risk of severe and fatal illness. These include obesity , respiratory diseases, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and immunosuppression, liver disorders, pregnancy, hypertension and neurological disorders.In 2010, the WHO warned of sporadic outbreaks of the disease due to changes in the season. It said this would happen for a couple of years till the virus dies out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306470", "title": "Palande beats narco test, cops clueless", "text": "MUMBAI: The narco-analysis tests of twin murder accused Vijay Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde, which were conducted on Thursday, failed to provide any clues about the identity of the person whose skull was found at Kumbharli Ghat.Police had found the skull in the ghat after Palande told them that he had dumped his victim, aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar's body in the area. Forensic tests revealed the skull to be of another person who was also probably killed at Kakkar's flat.A source close to the investigation said Palande is believed to have prepared himself well to provide misleading answers in the test. Palande was asked to come on an empty stomach on Thursday morning for the test, but he had a heavy breakfast. Consequently, his test had to be put off by three hours. An officer said, \"Palande gave his consent to the scientific tests without any objection and he seemed very confident that experts would not be able to extract anything from him through the tests.\"However, a forensic expert said it is difficult for a person to lie in narco-analysis and it is for experts present during the test to ask specific questions and sift through the various replies. Former director of Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory and now chairperson of Helik Advisory, Rukmani Krishnamurthy, said, \"A subject can't lie in a narco-analysis, but can give multiple irrelevant and vague answers to a question. The expert has to collect the relevant points from the reply and connect them to get a lead.\"Senior crime branch officers refused comment on the test till they received the official report from the forensic laboratory. An officer said earlier attempts to get clues about the third victim through brain mapping and lie detector tests on Palande and Shinde were in vain.The source that during the test, Palande provided a positive reply, admitting to killing union leader Anup Das and his father Swaraj Ranjan Das in 1998. He had been already convicted in the Das murder case but jumped parole in it. He was on bail in another case when he plotted the Kakkar and Tikku murders.However, police said they are confident of Palande's involvement in the third murder case, as it was Palande who led them to the spot at Kumbharli Ghat from where they recovered the skull. The bloodstains found in Kakkar's bathroom matched with those on the skull which indicated that the victim was killed in Kakkar's bathroom before him. Palande and Shinde killed Kakkar in his flat, they chopped his body into pieces and dumped it at the ghat. Shinde helped the police recover Kakkar's torso; however, his skull is yet to be recovered. Palande had insisted that the recovered skull belonged to Kakkar. Police have also enquired about Kakkar's friends to trace the identity of the person, but in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305680", "title": "Soon, housing surveys to reveal accurate land ownership in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Officials of the registrar of cooperatives have decided to undertake a survey from next month across the city to lessen the backlog of conveyance deeds to be issued to property owners.Builders, who have not executed the conveyance deed at cooperative housing societies and apartments, will be issued with notices to transfer the ownership of the properties to the related housing societies or apartments.There are around 5,000 housing societies registered with the office of the deputy district registrar (DDR) in Nashik district, out of which, around 4,500 housing societies are in the city. Conveyance deeds of over 70% of housing societies and apartments are pending. officials have said.Speaking to TOI, DDR Bajirao Shinde, said, \"The state recently made amendments in the Maharashtra Ownership of Flats &amp; Apartments Act (MOFA) 1963, for its effective implementation. Accordingly, the DDR has been appointed as the competent authority for the implementation of MOFA. Builders will now have to register the societies within four months once 60% of the total flats in the building project are sold. It is also mandatory for the concerned builder to execute conveyance deed immediately after the registration of the society. In short, the ownership of property should be in the name of the concerned societies or apartments in the 7/12 land extract. He added that measures are being undertaken to implement the Act effectively.\"We are planning to conduct a survey to know how many builders have executed conveyance deeds,\" Shinde said. The survey will focus on the number of buildings and flats sold in them, and will try to identify developers, land owners and dates of completion. \"We will send notices to related developers or builders who have not executed conveyance deed,,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16308888", "title": "Krishna meets Hina Rabbani Khar, terrorism high on agenda", "text": "ISLAMABAD: External affairs minister S M Krishna began crucial talks with his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar today to review the second round of resumed dialogue with issues like terrorism to be on top of the agenda.The one-to-one meeting between Krishna and Khar was followed by delegation-level talks between the two sides.Indian officials earlier said that terrorism will form the core of New Delhi's discussions, particularly the slow pace of the Mumbai attack case trial.Other issues include those concerning prisoners as well as trade and border issues.The talks will culminate in inking of much-awaited new liberalised visa agreement to boost people-to-people contacts.For the first time, group tourism will be part of the new pact which will also have other new categories, including multiple city one-year visas for businessmen and visa-on-arrival for people aged 65 years.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and his Pakistani counterpart Jalil Abbas Jilani were also present.Both ministers will also co-chair the Joint Commission Meeting later this evening, which was revived in 2005 after a gap of 16 years. This is Krishna's second visit to Pakistan in over two years.Ahead of today's meeting with Khar, Krishna yesterday called on President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf and met a series of political leaders from MQM, ANP and PML-Q parties.Also, foreign secretary-level talks were held yesterday here during which the two sides discussed all aspects of the resumed dialogue, apart from reviewing the entire expanse of the discussions held so far.The two sides described their discussions as \"positive\" and \" frank \". They acknowledged that progress has been made in bilateral ties but agreed that \"much more needs to be done\".Later today, the two sides will also ink an agreement on culture between Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR) and its Pakistani counterpart PNCS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16306343", "title": "Mosaru kudike for ashtami", "text": "MANGALORE: Sri Krishna Janmashtami, which falls on Saturday, is not a mere festival commemorating the birth of Lord Krishna in the twin districts of the coast, but a festival to share joy.The temple town of Udupi is gearing up to celebrate 'ashtami' with a special flower arrangement at Sri Krishna mutt. A team of volunteers have been constituted to maintain order during the 'darshan' at the mutt on Saturday. The celebrations will end with 'maha mangalarti', following which 'prasadam' will be served to all the visitors.Janmashtami for Mangaloreans is incomplete without 'Mosaru Kudike' and 'Hulivesha'. Mosaru Kudike is a festival similar to 'Dahi Handi' celebrated in Maharashtra and other parts of North India. It will be held on Sunday night.A section of the Hindu community from North India had celebrated Janmashtami last month, but majority of the people, who follow Tuluva Panchanga in the coast, celebrate it on Saturday.Kalkura Prathishtana president Pradeep Kumar Kalkura said locals follow the solar calendar of Tuluva tradition.Accordingly, Janmashtami will be celebrated in the region on Saturday and 'Vittla Pindi', another festival attached to the 'ashtami' on Sunday.On Saturday, the highlight will be Krishna look-alike competition - 'Krishna Vesha Sparde' - organized by the Kalkura Foundation at Kadri Sri Manjunatha Temple.The event, organized to develop religious and cultural awareness, will be held from 1 pm to 7 pm at eight venues simultaneously. Cultural programmes have been organized simultaneously from noon to midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16306995", "title": "Chennai trader loses gold worth Rs 32 lakh", "text": "MADURAI: Police are looking out for the miscreants who looted Rs 32 lakh worth gold ornaments from a Chennai-based gold trader. The gold merchant filed a complaint that some unknown persons had robbed his bag at a restaurant in West Perumal Mastri Street here. Though the alleged theft occurred only on September 4, the trader lodged a complaint only on September 6.U Devendra Kumar (44) from Chennai deals with gold ornaments and biscuits and used to supply gold biscuits to goldsmiths and merchants in the city. He also used to supply gold ornaments to them on demand. On September 2, he had come down to Madurai with the gold biscuits and ornaments and after completing his work, he was returning to Chennai on September 4.He told the police that before boarding the train, he went to a restaurant near the railway junction at West Perumal Mastri Street. Kumar said that his bag contained 520 gm gold ornaments and 1,100 gm of gold biscuits and Rs 14,000 cash. After consuming the food, he went to wash his hands leaving his bag unattended and when he returned, he found it missing. Hence, he had filed a complaint with Thideer Nagar police.\"A case has been registered at Thideer Nagar police station and we are investigating from every angle as to who stole his bag or whether if there was foul play from the complainant himself,\" a police official said.U Devendra Kumar from Chennai deals with gold ornaments and biscuits and used to supply gold biscuits to goldsmiths and merchants in the city. He also used to supply gold ornaments to them on demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308584", "title": "Kristen Stewart steals the show", "text": "The opening night of the Toronto International Film Festival was a thrilling though unexpected affair. Despite media's breathless reportage of the countdown of a key by-election that left the government in a minority, Kristen Stewart's presence drew enough attention to the festival.It was K-Stew's first appearance since the scandal surrounding her cheating on her Twilight co-star and boyfriend Robert Pattinson with British film director Rupert Sanders.Interestingly, it was the first US-China co-production Looper, directed by Rian Johnson that opened the film fest. It had a red carpet with actors Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis at the huge Roy Thompson Hall. But the nearby opening of Walter Salles' On The Road starring K-Stew stole the show and the media thunder.The opening night was aptly described by Levitt: \"This is a festival that is full of cinephiles. It doesn't have the air of glitz and glamour and I really like that about it. It's more about the films.\"The much talked about Anna Karenina was screened for the press in the morning. The film stars Keira Knightley and Jude Law , and a surprise, India's own Tannishtha Chatterjee in a small role. And critics appreciated director Joe Wright's version.With an opening day so exciting, the festival has a lot in store. Deepa Mehta's Midnight'sChildren is the next in line to be screened. Though it received mixed reviews in the Telluride festival earlier, a seasoned Indian critic based in the US loved it for its adherence to the spirit of Salman Rushdie's book and for its superb cast and visual quality.Also, centre-stage this year is TIFF's City-to-City programme, exclusively on India and on ten Mumbai-based directors presenting their recent work. The programme aims to highlight the new independent, energised cinema that is now gaining ground in the country.Dibakar Bannerjee is the first of Cityto-City's ten directors who'll present his latest film Shanghai . Next is the reticent Manjeet Singh's debut work Mumbai Cha Raja. Thereafter the full Mumbai contingent is scheduled to arrive and City-to-City will break into a flurry of screenings, meetings, interviews and parties that culminate in a combined Press Conference on September 11.Interestingly, the films that have not been seen before even in India are the ones eagerly awaited. They are Anand Gandhi's Ship of Theseus, Hansal Mehta's Shahid and Mohit Takalkar's The Bright Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306032", "title": "The scoop shattered my hopes of being a big-match player: Misbah", "text": "MUMBAI: The weariness and resignation that engulfed Pakistan after Misbah-ul-Haq's 'ill-timed' scoop shot handed India the 2007 World T20 title is still a sensitive issue in the country's cricketing history.The loss to their arch-rivals in the final due to a \"reckless\" shot had haunted Misbah as countless replays of the stroke were played on TV screens across the country.Misbah, who for once had thought it was the end of the road for him, told TOI he was caught in a whirlpool of emotions \"and was shattered so much so that he started questioning his own abilities as a bigmatch player\".\"I have always been a thinking cricketer, an aspect that has helped me improve my game. Even in the final I was quite sure about how I wanted to score the runs. I was playing the scoop shot with a lot of confidence. I had scored runs off it right through the tournament. But I was careless in not checking the fielders before that ball. And I failed to connect as well. I later realised it was a bad choice and I regret it till date. It shattered my hopes of being a big-match player,\" Misbah lamented.But life wasn't cruel to Misbah for too long. A consistent run gave him the chance to lift the title that he was partly blamed for losing two years back. Pakistan defeated Sri Lanka in the 2009 World T20 final at Lord's and it was redemption of sorts. \"It was a crowning moment for us. Shahid Afridi played brilliantly in the series and the team played like one unit. My role was limited but I was happy to be part of a World Cupwining team. I never spoke about it, but in my mind I was happy,\" Misbah recalled.Pakistan got a chance to create history by successfully defending the World T20 title in West Indies the next year. But they lost unbelievably to Australia in the semifinal thanks to Michael Hussey's sensational assault on off-spinner Saeed Ajmal. Soon the spot-fixing episode followed and it needed the calm head of Misbah to help the team wade through troubled waters leading the team to a 3-0 Test series win over England. Under Misbah, Pakistan won nine off 15 Tests. But they say nothing is constant in Pakistan cricket and so it was with Misbah as he was overlooked for the fourth edition of the World T20 in Sri Lanka.\"This is an ongoing problem... No one is permanent in the Pakistan cricket set up. I have been captain in ODIs and Tests. In T20 they (selectors) probably want a different captain. Maybe that's for the betterment of Pakistan cricket,\" he said. Misbah feels, \"In Lanka, the team with a better bowling attack will win The wickets are not tailor-made for fast bowlers nor do they favour spinners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16306254", "title": "'Learn other languages to enrich Kannada'", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted historian Shrinivas Ritti called upon the teachers to be open to learn other languages without bias in order the strengthen Kannada.Inaugurating a workshop for high school teachers organized as part of 101st year of scholar B M Shrikanthaiah's famour speech on 'Making Kannada raise its head high' (Kannada Tale Ettuva Bage) by the D R Bendra National Memorial Trust here on Friday, he said it would be futile to be emotional and be confined to learning Kannada alone.Ritti pointed out that B M Shrikanthaih and his contemporary poets and writers enriched their Kannada writing by instilling strength from English and other languages.Kannadigas should be multi-faceted as far as knowledge of languages is concerned. Otherwise it will be difficult to keep pace with the fast changing world,\" Ritti said and added that school teachers played a major role in ensuring this. Shridhar Hegde Bhadran, Anupama Dhavale,Rudranna Chilume,Shrinivas Wadappi and Harish Amur spoke on relevant topics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16303308", "title": "All eyes on Yuvraj Singh as India take on Kiwis in first T20I", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A battered and bruised New Zealand will seek to revive their fortunes in the first T20 International against India on Saturday evening.The match itself, however, looks likely to be overshadowed by the overwhelming focus on comeback man Yuvraj Singh , who will play his first game for India after a successful battle with cancer. The southpaw will be keen on getting his career back on track.Yuvraj has not played competitive cricket since the two home Tests against the West Indies last November, and it has been an emotional choice to recall him as soon as he was declared fit by doctors at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore, where he began light training in July. \"It is hard to believe that I will be playing for India again,\" Yuvraj said. \"A few months back I had trouble climbing four steps, now I can't wait to take the field. It is like starting a new life.\"Yuvraj, however, isn't the only one making a comeback. The other player to look out for is Harbhajan Singh , who has been out of the Indian team for some time now and will have a point or two to prove. With Tamil Nadu's R Ashwin successfully filling in the place left by Harbhajan, the Punjab player will be eager to show his detractors that he is far from finished.With the T20 World Cup round the corner, the two-match series gives the teams an opportunity to score some brownie points and get into shape.After their pathetic show in the Caribbean, the beleaguered Kiwis landed in India with the hope of giving the hosts a run for their money. But the Indian team, which had subdued the Sri Lankans in the ODI series earlier, was in no mood to give the Kiwis any leeway. In the two-Test series, the Indians stamped their authority in no uncertain terms as they won both the matches with relative ease.However, it is going to be a different game altogether on Saturday as the teams face off in the shortest version of the game. The visitors can take heart from the fact that they have an unenviable record in T20 against India - they have won all three overseas games.However, India are yet to lose a game on this ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305681", "title": "Largest auto union in Chennai proposes Rs 15/km rate card", "text": "CHENNAI: Slow might turn the wheels of the government, but a section of autorickshaw drivers in the city wants a quick decision on regularization of meters. Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU), the biggest union of auto drivers in the city with 15,000 members, has decided to fix its own fare structure if the state government fails to act fast. It has proposed a minimum fare of 30 and a per kilometer charge of 15. The union says it will circulate the new 'fare cards' among its members, which means that at least 15,000 of the 70,000 autorickshaws in the city may charge you lesser than what they do now. On average, a Chennaiite pays 25 per km.The fare proposed by CITU is, however, above the average per km fare of 10 suggested by a majority of people who responded to a TOI query on Facebook.CITU's Auto Drivers Welfare Association president M S Rajendran said the union had conveyed its demand to the transport commissioner. \"A few days ago we wrote to the transport commissioner. We also met him seeking regularization of fares. If the government delays it further, we will come out with our fare card,\" he said.Though the proposed structure is the highest in the country, some commuters say it is encouraging that the drivers are open to the idea of a fixed fare.Autorickshaw fares across the country vary from 6.5 per km in Delhi to 12 in Mumbai. \"30 is quite high if I just want to travel less than kilometer,\" said R Pandian who takes a autorickshaw from St Thomas Mount to his house around 1.5km away. As of now, he pays 10 as he shares space with five other passengers in a regular autorickshaw at night.According to the Motor Vehicles Act, the meter fixed in an autorickshaw cannot be tampered/ or calibrated without the consent of the government. \"We will use the meter to show the distance,\" Rajendran said. The union will print rate cards and the members' vehicles will have some symbol on the vehicle that will help people identify them as drivers who follow a fare structure. This, they hope, will get them more patronage.Union members say the fares they have chosen are in sync with the living costs. \"We urge the government to make it official. Also, fixing the fare is just the beginning. We demand that they be revised every six months through a special committee that includes our representatives,\" said Rajendran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304592", "title": "Metro-I likely to miss deadline again", "text": "MUMBAI: The Metro One timetable is set to be marred further. Already running late, the city's first metro project seems likely to miss its third deadline of March 2013, said senior officials of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), a stakeholder in the project.State government officials, too, feel that engineers will find it difficult to push their teams as construction has to be carried out with utmost care, especially in heavy showers, because none of the agencies involved in the project would want any slip-ups in the rush to meet deadline.On Tuesday, a portion of a station's concourse and the staircase that was being laid in rain came crashing down, killing a labourer and injuring 16 others.The monsoon, which seems to be reviving in the city at its fag end, is adding to the construction woes. Indian meteorological department officials said normally monsoon showers are expected till the end of September, but because it took long to pick up, the rains may continue till the first week of October.MMRDA sources feared work may have to be suspended frequently in case of heavy rains ahead, particularly scuttling efforts to stick to targets on building the 12 stations, especially the landing staircases on or along footpaths. Approval from railway safety certification authorities after test runs is another issue.\"These can surely affect the metro deadline by two months or more,\" said one source.Already, work was suspended till Friday for three days for a state government-ordered safety audit of the entire 12-km Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar metro line by experts.The spokesperson for Mumbai Metro One Private Limited (MMOPL), the Reliance Infrastructure-led consortium that is implementing the project, dismissed the fears. \"Closure of work for a couple of days is definitely not going to affect the project schedule...,\" he said.Sources close to MMOPL said work will start on Saturday, but only at some of the locations on the line and with more precautions. Yet, rains won't delay the project, they claimed, as they have completed more than 80% work on 11 stations, except for the 12th Subhash Nagar station. \"Any issue of delay in certification from railway safety authorities after test runs can be discussed at a later stage. As of now, we don't foresee any delay in completion of work,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305924", "title": "Suicide rate drops in West Bengal after 4 yrs", "text": "KOLKATA: After topping the country's suicide list for last four years, West Bengal has finally managed to shed its \"most suicide-prone state\" tag.According to a study jointly conducted by city-based suicide prevention organization Lifeline Foundation and Kolkata Police, the state recorded 11.9% of total suicides (1,35,585) in the country in 2011. The figure hovered around 18% over the last four years. Tamil Nadu, with 12.3% of the total suicides, topped the list in 2011. Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra recorded 11.8% each. Interestingly, the suicide rate, at less than 1%, was lowest in Bihar last year.The study on suicide trends was based on facts and figures provided by the National Crime Records Bureau.According to findings of the study, of the nearly 16,135 suicides committed in the state, a total of 38.3% are from the self-employed category, followed by 11.4% from the service category. \"In Bengal, people of age groups from 20-45 are most suicide prone,\" said Anita D'Souza, coordinator of Lifeline Foundation. Men form 56% of the total suicides committed as against 44% women.\"There is nothing to be jubilant about the slight fall in the rate of suicides in the state. We need to work hard to identify people with suicidal tendencies and talk to them. If we are able to buy time, it will make all the difference,\" said Ranvir Kumar, IG (Prisons).\"In most cases, we have seen that poverty and lack of professional opportunities have driven people to commit suicide in Bengal, especially in Kolkata. Though old age and loneliness are generally thought to be the biggest cause of depression that can lead to suicide, we have seen that suicide among the young people is more common here. Even students have been committing suicide quite often,\" D'Souza added. Of the total number of women who committed suicide in 2011, 64% are victims of domestic violence, the findings say.In Bengal, around 36.6% suicides took place due to consumption of poison and 32.1% hanged themselves. \"Though in the South City suicide incident, three women jumped to death, this mode is least chosen in Bengal. Only 7.9% of the victims jump off from an elevated point,\" said a senior cop from the detective department, quoting the study.Lifeline Foundation has been working in the city for nearly a decade now, trying to help people with suicidal tendencies cope with their depression by counselling them. It had started helping people in need when its helpline numbers and messages started appearing inside Metro stations about six years back. Music and messages were also played inside the stations.On September 10, the World Suicide Prevention Day, the NGO will perform street plays in at least 15 points of the city to spread awareness against suicide. Students have been roped in to act in the play. The organization has chosen malls like South City Mall and Forum on Elgin Road, because they see a heavy turnout daily. Other spots include, Jadavpur 8 B bus stand, Deshapriya Park, Esplanade crossing, Tollygunj metro station etc.The NGO has also been working among people in lock ups and their relatives at Lalbazar, among the family members of the city police at Body Guard lines and inside state prisons.Kolkata: While the city is yet to recover from the shock of the South City suicides where three members of a family jumped to death from the thirty sixth floor of the posh residential apartment, a study by a city based suicide prevention organisation and Kolkata Police shows that the West Bengal has the second highest suicide rate in the country. For four consecutive years since 2007, the state was on top of the national list, but in 2011, the numbers fell a little and Tamil Nadu beat the state to top the list. The study was on suicide trends in the state based on facts and figures provided by the National Crime Records Bureau and the findings come just ahead of September 10 - world suicide prevention day.The NGO, Lifeline Foundation, has been working in the city for nearly a decade now, trying to help people with suicidal tendencies cope with their depression by counselling them. Lifeline started helping people in need when its helpline numbers and messages of appeal against suicide, started appearing inside metro railway stations. Cds containing music and messages to help the suicidal have also been prepared by it and is played inside the metro railway stations. This started about six years back when suicides on the third rail of metro railway peaked.On Monday, in at least 15 points of the city, street plays will be put up by the NGO to spread awareness against suicide. Students have been roped in to act in the play that has been written and designed by the Foundation. Among the different spots are malls like South City Mall in Salt Lake and Forum on Elgin Road, because they see a heavy turnout daily. Other spots include, Jadavpur 8 B bus stand, Deshapriya Park, Esplanade crossing, Tollygunj metro station etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306887", "title": "Commuter group agrees to 1 hike for autos, cabs", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters and consumer experts have agreed in principle for a \"Re1 hike\" in fares for both autos and taxis. But they want the government to implement the metric system for fares in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region.TOI was the first to highlight the various demands made by consumer group\u2014including 1 km fares, switching first to e-meters , no annual fare revision in May and no hike in night fares. While the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) submitted a list of these demands to state transport secretary on Thursday, what went unnoticed in the media was the fact that the MGP's own calculation showed a \"Re 1 hike\" in fares.Shirish Deshpande of MGP said a \"fare correction\" was necessary, considering various factors such as cost of living, rising prices of maintenance, etc. \"A Re 1 correction is acceptable to us. But we are against a Rs 3 hike in fares as suggested by former union secretary PMA Hakim,\" he said.If you look at the MGP's calculations, it arrived at Rs 8.43 for autos for a 1 km distance. At present, autos charge Rs 7.50 for the first km and the minimum fare taken from the commuter is Rs 12 for 1.6 km. So in MGP's formula, it will come to around Rs 13 for 1.6 km.Similarly, for taxis, the MGP recommended a fare of Rs 11.15 for 1 km. This will work to around Rs 18 for 1.6 km. The present-day taxi fare is Rs 17 for 1.6 km, and the MGP calculation clearly shows that it has no problems with a Re 1 hike.Said another MGP member, \"We have no issues with the fare correction , but the minimum fare should be for 1 km\u2014Rs 8.50 for autos and Rs 11 for taxis. The mile system is confusing.\"Times View: Conversion to metric system will empower commutersRunning meters on the obsolete mile system is like giving unscrupulous drivers a free hand to cheat passengers. An overwhelming majority of commuters calculates distances in kilometres; so it's much easier for them to spot irregularities in distance or fare calculations if the meters run on the basis of the metric system. The mile system is as obsolete as the 16-annas-make-up-a-rupee system and should just be scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "amsterdam", "code": "16310408", "title": "Shiv Kapur fires another solid round, lies fifth in KLM Open", "text": "AMSTERDAM: Shiv Kapur moved into a solid position to make a bid to end his seven-year title drought and also win his first European Tour title, as he added a three-under 67 to his first round of 67 to come to six-under after two days at the KLM Open.Kapur was five shots behind the leader, Graeme Storm (66) followed by his first round 63 with another masterly performance.He is now 11-under and three ahead of Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano (65) Scott Jamieson (64) and Ryder Cup star Peter Hanson (66), who all eagled the par five 12th hole.While Storm, bogey free for two days, was three clear of the next pack, as many as 10 players, including Kapur, were within three shots of each other.Kapur had a bunch of birdies, five to be more precise and two bogeys on fourth and 15th. He birdied the third, sixth, 11th, 12th and 14th. He is now six-under and looking very solid with his game all around.However, SSP Chowrasia missed the cut with a round of 73 after his first round 69. He birdied the 14th and 18th, but dropped bogeys on sixth, seventh and 10th and a double bogey on 15th, which proved costly.Kapur was happy with his quick start. \"I was off to a quick start. It was breezy but I birdied the 11th, a tough hole, and then had another at 12th, a par-five and when I had a third birdie on 14th, I was three-under through six holes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303793", "title": "ECIL to back study on universe evolution", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), Hyderabad, will contribute for studying the building blocks of matter and the evolution of universe . It will supply power converters to the Facility for Antiproton and Ion Research (Fair), an international science centre at Darmstadt near Frankfurt in Germany.'Fair' is a highly sophisticated accelerator complex which will provide high-energy, precisely-tailored beams of antiprotons (the 'antimatter' versions of protons with opposite electric charge) and many kinds of ions (atoms with most of their electrons stripped away) at unprecedented quality and intensities.On Saturday, a bilateral contract will be signed by Bose Institute, Kolkata and ECIL for supplying the power converters to 'Fair' in the presence of T Ramasami, secretary, department of science and technology. Bose Institute, Kolkata, founded by JC Bose, is an autonomous R&D; institute under the department of science and technology. Ithas been designated as the Indian shareholder in 'Fair' and is the nodal Indian institute for the management of 'Fair' programme.The programme is supported through extra-mural fund at Bose Institute and is jointly implemented by Bose Institute and Variable Energy Cyclotron Centre, Kolkata along with many other R&D; institutions and universities.The 'Fair' facility in Germany consists of carefully designed configuration of interlinked machines for accelerating and storing high-quality beams and creating new particles by colliding or bombarding the beams on targets for a wide range of experiments.'Fair' is being built through international collaboration for which India is a major partner. Other contributing nations include Austria, China, Finland, France, Germany, Great Britain , Greece, Italy, Poland, Romania, Russia, Slovenia, Slovakia, Spain and Sweden.India will be contributing around 36 million euros for 'Fair', which provides an opportunity for Indian scientists, engineers and industry to work in this unique high technology project.ECIL which is a public sector enterprise under the department of atomic energy (DAE) provides cutting-edge technology solutions to atomic energy, defence, aerospace and homeland security sectors. The corporation has also provided equipment and services to the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) at CERN ( European Organisation for Nuclear Research ), General under CERN-DAE collaboration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310112", "title": "Auto union leaders meet today to decide on agitation", "text": "MUMBAI: Leaders of various auto unions from Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai and other parts of Mumbai metropolitan region are meeting at Mira Road today to decide on a massive agitation wherein three lakh auto drivers will participate to demand for a fare hike. Although union leaders declined to comment, sources in Mumbai Autorickshaw men's Union said, \"We are protesting against the delay by the state transport department in implementing the recommendations of the Hakim committee report on fare hikes.\"The Hakim panel report, which was made public a fortnight ago, had recommended a fare hike of three rupees in the minimum fare. If implemented, auto fares could go up from Rs 12 to Rs 15 for minimum distance and taxi fares may increase from Rs 17 to Rs 20. This would certainly pinch the pockets of commuters, with consumer groups demanding that the fares should not be hiked by three rupees. Auto unions are, however, desperate to go on an agitation if the fares were not hiked as per the recommendations. Said another union source, \"The meeting at Mira Road today will be mainly on the future course of action. We will decide on morchas and other forms of protests to highlight our issues.\"On Tuesday, the auto union in Mumbai has planned a dharna outside the transport commissioner's office in Bandra. It is expected to be a peaceful demonstration, during non-peak hours in the afternoon, and a memorandum of demands will be handed over to the commissioner, an union member stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16310299", "title": "Southern Railway appeals for orderly bordering of trains", "text": "MANGALORE: Southern Railway has appealed to passengers travelling on board Nagercoil - Mangalore - Nagercoil Ernad expresses and Mangalore - Coimbatore - Mangalore Intercity expresses to note the rake configuration. Most of the express trains running in the division are running with 22 to 23 coaches. At the same time Nagercoil - Mangalore - Nagercoil Ernad expresses and Mangalore - Coimbatore - Mangalore Intercity expresses are running only with 13 coaches.Passengers to board these trains are standing from one end to another end of the platform. After the arrival of these trains passengers standing in the rear end of the train, start to run forward to board the train. This creates hardship to passengers especially for ladies, children and aged people, Southern Railway authorities stated. Hence passengers of intercity and Ernad expresses should see the coach indication boards and stand within 13 coach limit to avoid last minute hardship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305411", "title": "'UPA, BJP guilty of match-fixing\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the last day of monsoon session of Parliament on Friday, CPM condemned the UPA and BJP for continued disruption. Party leader Sitaram Yechury said it was a \"match-fixing\" between the two parties to avoid discussion that would have exposed them on coal block allocation.Yechury demanded that \"no work, no pay\" principle be applied to MPs also. \"If striking workers are not paid, why the same principle not be applied to MPs?\" he asked.Regretting non-functioning of Parliament, Yechury said, \"The disruption permitted the government to get away from its accountability to Parliament on Coalgate and BJP to escape from getting exposed on what they had done when they were in power.\"Yechury said many \"skeletons\" would have come out if discussion would have taken place. \"It is a case of match-fixing. No one won but Parliament and the country lost,\" he added. The CPM leader renewed the demand for cancellation of coal blocks and an investigation into allocations.Yechury also criticized PM Manmohan Singh's remark on the \"wasted session\". \"This is actually trying to brush under the carpet their (government's) own role in not taking any initiative to restore normalcy in the House,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304334", "title": "Winged monsters on the prowl", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Twenty dengue cases, including five confirmed and 15 suspected ones, were reported from the state on Friday. This takes the total number of patients to 156. Out of the five confirmed patients, whose test results came in on Thursday evening, three were from Berhampur besides one each from Cuttack and Bhadrak districts. All the 15 suspected cases were from Berhampur and its vicinity, nodal officer for surveillance of vector-borne diseases Dr Madan Pradhan told TOI.Pradhan said the government slots all patients who test positive for dengue in NS1 Elisa as a suspected case because the test has 30% margin of errors (false positive results) and subjects them to the confirmatory IGM Elisa test. While results in the first test come in a day, the confirmatory test findings take around five days. Of the 156 patients treated for dengue so far, 93 were IGM Elisa positive cases while confirmatory results of 63 patients are yet to come in. The state has reported three confirmed dengue deaths this season, the officer said.Even people with mild symptoms of fever are volunteering to test their blood for dengue using the rapid test kit, Dr Pradhan said, adding that people should refrain from this highly unreliable test method. \"The rapid test has got no meaning because the margin of error is more than 40%. Irrespective of findings of the rapid test results patient have to go through the two Elisa tests. People should not unnecessarily spend on it,\" he said.Dr Pradhan said most new cases are coming from Berhampur. Ganjam has reported the highest number of 52 cases, including 19 confirmed ones. Of the confirmed patients in Ganjam district, 11 are from Berhampur. \"History of these patients reveals many of them developed fever in Vizag, Hyderabad and Kolkata and came back to their native places here,\" he said.Among others, Angul district, which had witnessed an outbreak-like situation last year, had reported 27 patients, including 20 confirmed dengue cases. \"We were anticipating worse situation in Angul. However, the surveillance paid up. The district has reported far lower number of patients so far,\" Pradhan said. Among others, nine persons each were found dengue positive in Bhadrak and Cuttack, eight in Jajpur and seven in Dhenkanal.Experts said the state may witness large number of dengue positive cases from September 15 to October 15. \"Surveys show the aedes mosquito which carries the dengue virus has spread across the state. Once rain recedes, which is due around September 10 to 15, their breeding and circulation will increase suddenly giving rise to more infections,\" said Dr S K Kar, director of Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC).RMRC has recently found high concentration of these mosquitoes in Angul, Kendrapada and Jagatsinghpur districts. Last year, the Centre had surveyed and found high density of the mosquitoes and potential breeding grounds in Gajapati, Ganjam and Bhadrak districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16306105", "title": "Calicut University special exams a boon for students", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Offering a final chance to hundreds of students who had failed to pass or score enough marks in their post graduate examinations held over the last two decades, the Calicut University has decided to hold special supplementary and improvement examinations to students who had registered for PG courses from 1990 onwards.The examinations will be conducted as per the old syllabus. The decision regarding this was taken at the adalat organized by the Calicut University to solve the problems faced by students and graduates at the Tagore Niketan.The move will help many students who had failed to get the 55% mark which is the minimum eligibility for various national and state-level eligibility examinations, including the National Eligibility Test (NET) mandatory for teacher appointments.The university will issue notification for the examinations within a week.University vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam said the decision is a humanitarian gesture from the part of the university to the unlucky students who had narrowly missed their career dreams due to shortage of marks.In yet another decision, the varsity also decided to hold an improvement examination to BEd graduates who are unable to appear for Kerala Teacher Eligibility Test for failing to secure 45% marks in their degree examination.Pro vice-chancellor K Raveendranath, registrar P P Mohammed, examination controller V Rajagopalan, syndicate members K A Siraj and T P Ahmed attended the three-day adalat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308848", "title": "Cool Flicks to screen Rebel in USA", "text": "Cool Flicks Cinemas has bagged the theatrical and distribution rights of young rebel star Prabhas' Rebel for USA. This action-entertainer is being billed as the most expensive film in Prabhas' career. Krishnam Raju (Prabhas' uncle) is doing a special role in the film.Recently, Rebel first look was launched to a rousing response from the fans and film buffs. Prabhas looks stunning in the posters released and the unit is pretty kicked about the film. Raghava Lawrence, who is directing the film, is also giving the soundtrack. Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth are playing the leading ladies.7 Seas, a premier entertainment company has bagged the overseas distribution rights while Cool Flicks shall screen the film in USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305444", "title": "Civic panel to look for ways to generate revenue", "text": "RANCHI: Deputy CEO of the Ranchi Municipal Corporation Gopalji Tiwari has formed a five-member committee and directed them to go through the Ranchi Municipal Act, 2011 and look for ways to generate revenue.He said, \"In the past few years, our annual turnover was around Rs 3.5 crore which increased to Rs 7 crore last year. Our aim is to get a turnover of at least Rs 12 crore this year, so I have formed the committee which will go through the act and see how the funds can be generated.\"The committee will consist of a revenue officer, marketing officer, one official each from town planning and engineering department and one law officer. The work of these officers will be to find methods to generate revenue and taxes from areas still untouched by the RMC.Tiwari said, \"The officers will also see if fines and penalties could be increased in certain cases. A meeting will be held on September 18 when the officers will submit the report.\"On the other hand, a meeting of ward councillors with the CEO of RMC was held on Friday. The councillors have been protesting against delay in release of development funds for the year 2012-13 even after the government has sanctioned the same in the month of March. Due to the unavailability of funds the councillors are unable to take up any development work in their wards.After several protests and threats of demonstrations, the meeting was convened by the CEO and a sum of Rs. 3.63 crore was distributed among the councillors. Arvind Singh Deol, a ward councillor said, \"We were planning a demonstration on Saturday but as a portion of the sanctioned amount has been released and the CEO has told us that the rest would be distributed by Monday, we have decided against it. If the amount is not given to us soon we will launch a protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305825", "title": "Immerse idol on 'first-comefirst-serve' basis: Cops", "text": "NASHIK: While some mandals jump the immersion queue later by reserving spots by placing a handcart or vacant vehicle in the queue the police have decided to enforce the 'first come first serve' rule without allowing space to be reserved.The police usually hand out numbers to mandals to avoid a fiasco on immersion day. Processions travel the usual path till Mhasoba grounds on the Godavari bank where the idols are immersed.While the first procession is always that of the Nashik Municipal Corporation, it is followed by the Raviwar Karanja mandal. These processions are followed by the processions of mandals who take their position. Senior police inspector at Bhadrakali police sation, Dhanraj Dayma pointed out brawls take place even after allotting numbers as mandals turn up later, after their turn is due and then argue over their place in the procession route.To avoid such hindrances, the police are planning on doing away with the number system. Mandals will be allowed into the procession route based on who arrives first.A final decision on this option will be taken soon. \"Currently,, we are focussing on preparation for the public event. The Bhadrakali police will be addressing all mandals a few days before immersion day to make its position clear,\" dayma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305705", "title": "Face of \u2018Marina\u2019 dies in accident on beach", "text": "CHENNAI: He lived, worked and died on Marina beach here. Sathish Kumar, 16, who acted as a vendor in the film 'Marina', was run over by a speeding oil tanker at Nochi Nagar, near Santhome, on Friday.Police said he was on a bicycle with his friend riding pillion, when he skidded and fell and was run over by the lorry. Sathish sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot.A police officer said the lorry was carrying petrol from Adyar to Tondiarpet. \"The boy left home at 1.30pm after telling his parents that he would be back soon,\" a police officer said. \"The bicycle skidded on a sandy stretch of the road a few metres from his house. His friend escaped without injuries.\"Sathish was a Class 10 dropout from the Chennai School near Pattinampakkam. He did various odd jobs before he got a job as a mechanic.When contacted, 'Marina' director Pandiraj, who was shooting in Trichy, said he was shocked to hear that Satish was dead. \"We did not select him initially after the auditions,\" he said. \"But the boy would come to watch the shooting every day, and impressed us with his talent for mimicry. We decided to cast him and I wrote several scenes especially for him.\"Residents of the area staged a protest and prevented vehicles from entering the stretch. They demanded action against speeding vehicles and said two children had died recently when they were hit by a speeding car. Gowtham, 10, and Mani, 16, died on the same stretch of road.Adyar traffic investigation police arrested lorry driver Ilayaraja, 24, of Thiruvannamalai and registered a case against him under IPC sections 279 (rash driving) and 304 (a) (causing death by negligence).Fondly called 'Kulla' by his friends, Sathish was also good at gymnastics, his friend Mani said. Satish's mother, Aegavalli, was disconsolate, saying the family had lost its source of joy and pride.Director Pandiraj said he thought the \"hyperactive\" boy would have a bright future because of his energy and talent. \"Unfortunately, that was not to be,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304407", "title": "Transgenders, health staff share their woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Transgenders on Friday sensitized staff of Capital Hospital on the different problems they face while being admitted to hospital. \"Many times even a doctor may get confused to admit a transgender patient. The person concerned should be given a choice of male or female wards depending on his or her choice since it may not be possible to have a separate ward for transgenders,\" said Satya Sundar Mishra, who heads Sakha, a community-based organization working for the sexual minorities, which organized the Friday training for healthcare providers.\"We told the doctors and nurses about the community's expectation from them. They were very receptive,\" said Meera, a transgender. Many transgenders tend to hide their sexual practices because it is a stigma. If healthcare providers become more sensitive and create an environment for them to open up, it would help prevent HIV/AIDS among the community members, she said.The Capital Hospital staff said it was an useful interface. \"It was a nice to know their expectation and problems they are facing while seeking medical treatment. Sometimes, we may be hurting their sentiments unknowingly,\" said a nursing professional.\"We respect their dignity and strive hard to make them most comfortable when the transgenders come to hospital. Such trainings will help make health professionals more sensitive towards them,\" hospital's deputy chief medical officer Dr S N Swain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303660", "title": "NCC Bengal in quarterfinals", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCC Bengal thrashed Utkramit Madhya Vidyalaya (Jharkhand) 5-0 to seal their place in the U-14 quarterfinals of the 53rd Subroto Cup at the Ambedkar Stadium on Friday.Mithun Oraon opened the floodgates for NCC Bengal in the seventh minute. Arup Roy doubled the lead in the 22nd minute and Oran added the third. Roy again found the mark in the 45th and Pritam Mondal completed the rout in the 49th minute.Kabul's Estequlal High School, were held to a 1-1 draw by Football Academy HS (Sambalpur). In the day's other match, Meghalaya's Govt Boys Higher Secondary School beat Govt Boys Hr Sec School, (Chhattisgarh) 11-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16307068", "title": "SFI deplores attacks on students from northeast", "text": "MADURAI: Student Federation of India (SFI) that met in Madurai, elected new office-bearers for the organisation at the end of a three-day All-India conference.All-India general secretary, V Sivadasan with henceforth don the role of the president while K S Kanakaraj, Abith Hussain, Nilanjana Roy, Mathuja Sen Roy, Shiju Khan, Noor Mohamed have been elected as vice-presidents. Rito Pratha Banerjee has been elected as general secretary.SFI condemned the recent attacks on people from the northeast and adopted a resolution to stop discriminations and attack against students from that region. The student organisation also condemned the West Bengal government for allegedly unleashing a state of anarchy. The life of people of West Bengal in general has been facing extreme atrocities everywhere, the resolution said. Criticising \"Right wing and corporate media\" for an alleged campaign against Left forces, SFI said that false cases were registered against media persons who are reporting the truth.SFI conference also called out to student community to carry out uncompromising and relentless struggle against corruption as well as the alleged insensitivity on the part of the government with regard to sufferings of girl children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303846", "title": "Hyderabad police brace up for CoP-11", "text": "HYDERABAD: Civic works progressing at a snail's pace, arrest of terror suspects and 'Chalo Hyderabad' rally coupled with Ganesh immersion are giving jitters to city police, who are entrusted with the task of keeping the Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11) trouble-free.As of now, the Hyderabad and Cyberabad police together have 10,000 staff and they are planning to request an additional 11,000 personnel for the CoP bandobust. The Cyberabad police, under whose jurisdiction the venue (HICC) falls, have 4,000 staff and they are expecting an additional 6,000 personnel. \"It is an international event which will attract a lot of media attention, and with a law and order challenge like 'Chalo Hyderabad' rally scheduled a day before the commencement of the event, we need sufficient force to prevent any untoward incident,\" a top Cyberabad police officer told TOI.Similarly, Hyderabad police with 6,000 personnel are asking for 5,000 more cops for the bandobust on Ganesh Chaturthi and later.So far, 37 hotels in Hyderabad and 81 in Cyberabad (three-star and above) have been identified for delegates' stay. In view of the recent terror-related arrests in the city, police are not taking any chances on the security of delegates. Once the event managers confirm the hotels for delegates, both law and order and traffic police would be posted there round-the-clock. \"A traffic cop will be travelling with the delegates in their vehicle from the hotel to the venue. Similarly, law and order police will be stationed at the hotel for their security. Security will also be provided to delegates whenever they go out either on personal work or for sightseeing,\" a deputy commissioner of police (DCP) said. However, so far the event organisers have not yet given the exact list of hotels and police were asked to wait till September 15 to get clear information. \"If they give us a list of hotels, it will be easier to ask for sufficient number of personnel from other districts. We also need time to brief them about the bandobust and train traffic police from other districts,\" an official said.Meanwhile, the installation of high-end traffic signaling system - Hyderabad Traffic Integrated Management System (HTRIMS), which was supposed to add some sheen to the arrangements for CoP 11, is going on at a snail's pace. Initially, it was decided that 50 traffic junctions in both the commissionerates would be converted to HTRIMS by September 30. However, now the target has come down to 22 for 'practical purposes'.Not just that, during their survey for traffic preparation of CoP, traffic police had identified bottlenecks at 61 places due to structures like electric poles and bus shelters and at 34 places due to natural elements like trees and nalas. They also found 20 bottlenecks due to religious structures like temples or chillas, 46 places where the footpaths were encroached, 66 manholes which needed leveling with the road, 53 water-logging points, 49 damaged road stretches and 257 places where directional signboards were to be put up. However, according to a police official, except for cutting trees at unnecessary places like on the stretch to Hitex and randomly dumping clay on road dividers, civic authorities have done nothing. In fact, two students died when they slipped on the clay while crossing the road and came under the wheels of an oncoming truck near Gandhi Bhavan a few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303531", "title": "Rahman's case needs to be dealt with caution", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bangalore police's Central Crime Branch acted swiftly when last week, within hours of arresting about 11 persons in connection with a terrorist plot to kill some noted personalities, it found out that the conspiracy had a Hyderabad connection. Their team lost no time in reaching Hyderabad and picking up a youth Obaidur Rahman from Gulshan-e-Iqbal colony in Hafizbaba Nagar.The arrest of Rahman was carried out with due assistance from the local police and AP's Counter Intelligence Cell. Whether Rahman is guilty will be decided in due course of time that could run into several years. If he turns out to be guilty, the courts will award necessary punishment. But if he, like many other persons from Hyderabad and elsewhere who were arrested, tortured and tried for years and then found not guilty, then what would be the implications of his arrest?The arrest of Obaidur Rahman is reminiscent of the several arrests carried out in Hyderabad by the Gujarat police in the past decade. The local police had extended cooperation to their Gujarat counterparts and, in some cases, without even checking the documents required for picking up suspects.The Gujarat police had claimed that the suspects had played roles from inciting the people against Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to the murder of former Gujarat home minister Haren Pandya to other crimes. From the spurt of arrests and chargesheets, it looked like all of a sudden the people from Hyderabad had become enemies of Gujarat and wanted to create instability in that state. The incident of whisking away Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin, a controversial cleric, to Gujarat by force in 2004 still reverberates. One of his young followers, Mujahid Saleem, who tried to block the arrest was shot dead from close range by Gujarat police team member Narendra Amin.Many years later the Maulana who was lodged in Sabarmati prison was acquitted of all charges, including incitement, and returned to Hyderabad. His two sons are still in prison.It is a strange coincidence that Rahman's mother has claimed that her son was framed by intelligence agencies because he was closely associated with the Maulana and was helping his family. On the day when he was picked up, he was going to buy some books for one of the jailed sons of the Maulana.But police say that Rahman, a college dropout, was an important part of the Bangalore group that was planning to execute major acts of terrorism. The police with amazing speed have also reportedly discovered the group's link with two international terrorist outfits __ HuJI and LeT. Harkatul Jihad-e-Islami is said to have its base in Bangladesh and Lashkar-e-Taiba in Pakistan. These two organizations have set up several 'modules' in different parts of the country, including Hyderabad and Bangalore.Rahman, on the other hand, has reportedly told his interrogators about his handlers in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia and how he was receiving orders from them. The Bangalore police have reportedly said that there could be at least four other persons in Hyderabad who might have worked with Rahman and the group.Reports about the group and how their modules were busted read like a thriller. How much of it is fact, how much fiction would be known only later.It is a fact that Hyderabad is a hunting ground for terrorist organizations. These foreign operators believe that the youth in Hyderabad are vulnerable to propaganda, dangerous indoctrination and emotional blackmail. But it is also a fact that the intelligence agencies and police have not been fair in dealing with the problem. In their overzealous and sometimes deeply prejudiced handling of the problem, they resort to distortion of facts and fabrication of proof.Terrorism, extremism and militancy from whichever quarter they surface pose a serious threat to the nation. While dealing with their manifestations, the intelligence and law enforcement agencies should exercise extreme caution. Any person wrongly framed and persecuted would strengthen the belief that the system is against him because of his faith or creed. And that would strengthen the hands of the terrorist organizations that are bent upon harming India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16304026", "title": "Bus staff abuse 7-year-old girl for months", "text": "GHAZIABAD: In a shocking sexual crime, a six-year-old student of a well-known private school in Vasundhara was routinely abused by the driver and conductor of her schoolbus for months till a problem in her private parts alerted her parents to the assaults.The accused have been arrested and sent to Dasna jail. According to the statement of the girl, a Class I student, the duo used to abuse her in the bus while it was parked outside the school.\"The victim is in deep shock and depression. The two kept threatening her with dire consequences if she talked about the abuse with anyone,\" says the complaint.Shockingly, the complaint states that after the crime came to light, the family had approached the school authorities but \"no concrete action was taken\". They then approached the police and an FIR was lodged on Thursday evening.Ghaziabad admin pledges strict action\"We sent the girl for medical examination while a team was sent to detain the accused. The medical report confirmed the allegations and we have registered a case under Section 377 (unnatural offences) and 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of IPC,\" SP (city) S S Yadav said.The victim's family lives in Ghaziabad and she was admitted in the school last year. The police complaint says, \"The accused driver and conductor were physically abusing the girl for the past many months. A physical problem occurred in the victim's private parts and when her mother noticed it, she consulted a doctor.\"The complaint says the doctor prescribed some medicines which did not cure the condition. \"Then the mother smelled some foul play and convinced the girl to reveal the problem. The victim then narrated the entire incident to the family,\" it states.\"Soon we will get in touch with the school authority to get their stand. A team will also be sent to the school for investigations,\" SP Yadav said. Ghaziabad district magistrate has also ordered an inquiry into the case and has sought the school's reply on why students were not accompanied by any teacher or staff member in school buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16306312", "title": "'Mentally disturbed' girl throws acid on 65-year-old mother in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A 65-year-old woman was injured when her daughter threw acid on her in Gandhigram in Chakeri police area on Friday. Gita Kushwaha was injured when her daughter Kavita, who according to her is mentally disturbed, threw acid on her, police said.The victim was rushed to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital where she was undergoing necessary medical assistance.Police said that Gita's younger daughter Kavita created ruckus at Reserve Bank of India on Mall road a couple of days before. She had then tried to undress herself.On Gita's complaint, a case was registered under various sections of the IPC against the girl, who is reported to be absconding.Police said that as per the family members, the girl had claimed that she had been raped by her brother-in-law, who is in navy. Her mother, however, refuted allegations and said her son-in-law had not visited her place for a long time. Efforts were on to arrest the girl, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303767", "title": "Congress MLA, son 'hijack' benefits from SC/STs", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state vigilance and enforcement wing revealed how an MLA and his son cornered the benefits worth Rs 97.5 lakh meant for SC and ST youth under the vehicle purchase scheme of the industries department and how the father son duo have been earning huge amounts by leasing the vehicles to a multinational company, all in the name of the poor youth.These startling details are now part of a petition filed before the high court by K Venkat Rao, former MPTC member, and 18 others, seeking a CBI probe into the way Congress MLA U V Ramana Murthy Raju of Yalamanchili in Visakhapatnam district made crores of rupees in the last eight years mostly by stealing state money and coercing the poor.The vigilance wing narrated how the MLA 'stood' guarantor for the poor youth to obtain bank loans for purchasing 17 trucks while his son, U Sukumar Varma, snatched away all the vehicles as also the subsidy amount of nearly Rs one crore under the state's much-touted industrial investment promotional policy. The report described how the high and mighty were cornering the benefits meant for the poor SCs.As per the vigilance report, two agricultural labourers Janapelli Peda Devudamma and Janapalli China Demudamma, both belonging to the scheduled caste community, of Kondalademudupalem village in Rambilli mandal of Visakhapatnam district, were shown as owners of two travel agencies through which Sukumar Varma, the MLA's son, obtained vehicles under the scheme. The same vehicles were later shown as leased to Sukumar's own firm Teja Cargo and Logistics Ltd. In fact, the alleged owners are white ration card holders and they were shown as recipients of loan amount of Rs 1.5 crore from the Vizag Steel Plant branch of the UCO Bank . After availing the subsidy available under the scheme, Sukumar Varma actually leased all the 17 trucks to Brandix Apparel (I) Ltd, a huge apparel firm in Paravada mandal of the district. The apparel firm is paying the MLA's son an amount of Rs 30,000 per truck per month. The vigilance wing concluded that this was a benami deal being operated by the MLA's son and recommended action against the general manager of the district industries centre.While both the women , the alleged beneficiaries of the scheme, actually belong to Rambilli mandal, the general manger's record shows that they are from Chodavaram mandal implying that even their addresses are bogus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303991", "title": "I-T returns fraud just tip of the iceberg?", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is an apprehension among the city police that the unearthing of the Rs 1.15 crore income tax refund scam on Wednesday is just the tip of the iceberg. Six outsourced employees of the I-T department were arrested regarding the scam. Sources said the siphoning of money became possible in the last two years after new software called 'AST' was implemented in the department.Surprisingly, the local income tax officials were clueless about the scandalous activities that took place right under their nose and they woke up only when their counterparts in New Delhi alerted them after smelling a rat in the refund transactions, specific to Range- 9 of Hyderabad, as there was mismatch in the balance of accounts.City police said that after interrogating the six accused, it came to light as to how easy it was to fraudulently obtain the valuable PAN card details of tax payers.\"There is absolutely no cross verification of the ID proof submitted by the applicant before the PAN card is issued. All that one needs to do is produce some document as address proof. The accused used the same modus operandi and illegally obtained several PAN cards using fictitious documents and this allowed them to easily misuse the AST software and get the income tax refund,\" a senior police official told TOI. Incidentally, PAN card is accepted as an important document of identity proof even by passport officials.The accused, which includes Shaik Mohammad Jahangir, a tax consultant, knew the loopholes in the system and the conspirators submitted applications seeking refund of money by mentioning an amount that was slightly less that Rs 1 lakh rupees. \"The refund of money less than Rs 1 lakh will be done by an officer of the rank of income tax officer, who is assisted by outsourced employees. This is where the role of one of the key conspirators, B Anju Rani, an outsourced employee in the I-T department, came to light,\" sources said.Police said that the login IDs of income tax officials were permitted to be accessed by the outsourced employees and Rani allegedly misused it by entered fictitious data of income tax returns while processing refund applications in accordance with the requests of Shaik Mohammad Jahangir from December 2010.Using the allegedly siphoned off money, J Jahangir bought a house worth Rs 40 lakh in the city and it was actually in the finishing stages of its construction. Besides he also cleared his car loan. As per the conspiracy, Rani was supposed to get a share of Rs 35 lakh. Till now none of the accused have confessed to the involvement of I-T employees in the scam.The accused could generate hundreds of pay order by executing 150 fraudulent transactions, I-T officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16306714", "title": "MDU students clash, VC, 6 students injured", "text": "ROHTAK: Six students were injured as student groups clashed on Rohtak's Maharshi Dahayand University's campus on Thursday night. MDU vice-chancellor R P Hooda also suffered bruises when he tried to intervene.Violence broke about in hostel number six when students of the law department fought during a meeting with hostel warden Kultaj Singh. The meeting offered to set up a mess committee of the students. However, another group of students led by a law student Joginder Singh alias Joga arrived there and opposed the formation of students committee. It led to a heated argument between the two groups, and then a clash. Joga group thrashed some students in which several sustained injuries.The injured students went to the V-C, who was listening to the grievances of the girl students at the girls' hostel. As the injured were complaining, their attackers arrived and started trashing them again.The V-C told TOI that he and other officials intervened as some students armed with sticks attacked the injured ones. \"I was helpless as no police or security staff was present at the spot to control the violence. I tried to protect the students who took me as shield but the assailants didn't listen to our pleas. We immediately informed the police but the accused fled by the time they arrived,\" Hooda said. \"The lives of several students and even mine were under threat,\" he added.Police said three students were arrested on Friday in connection with the attack.Meanwhile, around 100 girl students of the university called on Rohtak deputy commissioner Vikas Gupta, saying rowdy and unscrupulous elements had made their stay in the campus terrible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304576", "title": "Metro gain still far, residents vent their pain", "text": "MUMBAI: The metal barriers, wreathed with red warning lights, carried in bold letters: 'Today's Pain, Tomorrow's Gain'. After four years, the writing has worn off the fence along the work site of Mumbai's first metro. So has the patience of the people living along its 12-km route from Versova, through Andheri to Ghatkopar.The residents and shopkeepers complain that 'Today's Pain' has stretched so long that they are almost losing sight of 'Tomorrow's Gain'. Endless traffic snarls, bad roads, lack of cleanliness, and pollution - both noise and dust - are some of the major problems they have had to put up with as the project has winded along the slow track.Mukesh Ganeshmal, secretary of the Andheri Shopkeepers and Residents Welfare Association, said they are forced to constantly write or message the authorities about the muck and debris on the road, besides water-logging and potholes. \"But they don't care. I think the conditions in my village are better than in this part of Mumbai. It's a pain with every passing day. It's shameful to compare ourselves with Shanghai because the administration can't even keep our roads clean and workable while carrying out construction,\" he said.Nrimala Rathod, a 58-year-old resident of Andheri (West) near Navrang cinema, said the condition of J P road has deteriorated so much that the elderly and children are afraid to step out. \"The debris have choked the drainage system, leading to heavy water-logging. Dengue and malaria have become common in our area,\" she said.MMRDA and the Mumbai Metro One Pvt Ltd said they were doing their best to ensure better roads and hygiene around the construction sites by spending from their funds.It cuts little ice with the affected people like professor Deepak Shukla and K C Krishnan of the Ghatkopar Welfare Association. \"We have been writing about water-logging and traffic snarls, but the agencies make us run from pillar to post,\" said Shukla .Promises of maintaining roads and ensuring decent living conditions before starting the work are being ignored,\" added Shukla.TIMES VIEW: stick to dealinesThis project has gone on for far too long. There may have been reasons for the delay \u2014 no agency would like to deliberately delay a project \u2014 but the problem of major infrastructure projects missing multiple deadlines has become endemic in India. \"Tomorrow's gain\" may temporarily appear to be a hollow promise, especially for people staying close to construction sites, if \"today's pain\" stretches on seemingly interminably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305879", "title": "CM tweaks central scheme, CrPC for compensation package", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government's compensation scheme for atrocities is a reworked version of a central scheme which proposes a Rs 1.5 lakh compensation to rape victims. The state government, in fact, merged this scheme - 'Financial Assistance and Support Services to Victims of Rape: A Scheme for Restorative Justice' - implemented countrywide on August 1, last year, with the amended provisions laid under section 357A CrPC formulated during her tenure as the Union railway minister in 2009.The latter envisages that each state, in coordination with the Centre, is required to formulate a scheme for compensation to the victims or their dependents. Under this, a victim can get compensation for rehabilitation in cases where the court finds it necessary and hence, it is believed that the chief minister is repeatedly stressing on conviction.To some, however, this is a reworked exercise. For, as per law (read 357 CrPC) a trial judge can pay compensation to victims. This can be recovered from the fine imposed on an accused after the conviction. The state will now pay victims in addition to what the trial judge deems fit.In 2009, section 357A was added to the CrPC, where the compensation can be recommended even in cases where the trial ends in acquittal or discharge, provided there is a need for rehabilitation of victims. Compensation can also be granted where no trial takes place because the offender cannot be identified or traced, but the victim requires rehabilitation. The state government, however, didn't tread that path for this would have opened floodgates of false complaints. In fact, the former Left Front government, too, did the same and never implemented it.The state compensation scheme is different from the central scheme. The Supreme Court in its judgment in the Delhi Domestic Working Women's Forum Vs. Union of India and others asked the National Commission of Women to provide restorative justice to the victims of rape. The Centre, thereafter, envisaged setting up of the Criminal Injuries Relief and Rehabilitation Boards at the central, state and district levels for providing financial assistance of Rs 1.5 lakh and support services such as shelter, counselling, medical aid, legal assistance and vocational training.Unlike Section 357A CrPC, which is general in nature and covers all crimes, this central scheme is meant specifically for rape victims. State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, \"The state government is only repackaging a central scheme as its own.\"The state scheme, however, is different.Senior Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee, however, has refuted this. Former law minister Rabilal Moitra said the Left Front government had in-principle agreed to implement the central scheme for giving compensation to rape victims but didn't move forward on section 357A CrPC. The Mamata Banerjee government seemingly took ingredients from both to formulate an all-encompassing compensation scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16306366", "title": "Education baron told to surrender in two weeks", "text": "PUNE: The Supreme Court on Friday ordered city-based education baron and founder head of Sinhgad Technical Education Society (STES) M N Navle to surrender to the police within two weeks in connection with a case of cheating and forgery lodged by the Pawan Gandhi Charitable Trust (PGCT).The PGCT has accused Navle of usurping the trust's 11.5 acre land at Sutarwadi (Ambadvet ) in Mulshi taluka by way of cheating and forging documents . Initially, the case was lodged with the Paud police on May 18, 2011, and was later moved to the Deccan Gymkhana police, which had registered a first information report (FIR) No 168/2011 on July 20, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16303942", "title": "Our 'green' jail", "text": "NAGPUR: The campus of Nagpur Central Jail has 14,084 trees of different varieties. Data procured through Right to Information (RTI) underlined the fact that the city prison is really a green spot. Apart from 11,084 teak trees, the premises also boast of 1,338 sandal trees and another 1,600 saplings of the same variety have been planted this year.The RTI query by social worker Abhay Kolarkar showed that the jail has nearly 30 varieties of trees spread across the entire premises. There are also 42 mango trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306875", "title": "Small outfit tries to make a mark with vandalism", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested eight Shiv Sena workers, till late Friday, for allegedly vandalising the Andheri office of TV channel Colors. They were booked for \"trespass and unlawful assembly\". No arrests were made in the case of the attack on the network's Vile Parle office.The police have deployed heavy bandobast at offices of Colors, which is to premier 'Sur-Kshetra' on Saturday. A musical contest, the show features eight vocalists from Pakistan and an equal number of Indian singers besides Asha Bhosale as one of the judges.\"We are not sure if the attack on Colors office was orchestrated by Sainiks,\" said Shiv Sena MLC Anil Parab. \"Still, those collaborating with Pakistani artistes should realize that they have hurt the sentiments of this country's people.\" Parab is the Vibhag Pramukh of Andheri, where the Colors office was vandalized.Ameya Khopkar of MNS' film wing, Chitrapat Karmachari Sena, said, \"Shiv Sena is just trying to prove a point to us.\"According to the police, the attack on Colors' Parsi Panchayat Road office in Andheri (East) lasted a few minutes. \"A group of 10 to 15 men trooped into the office, which is used for auditions sometimes. The channel operates from its main office at Vile Parle, where it moved some months ago,\" said ACP Prakash Wadkar. \"The attackers were armed with rods. They went on the rampage, smashing five monitors, a glass table in the reception and LG hard discs on the reception counter, all collectively worth Rs 40,000. They left in minutes. But their faces have been clearly captured on CCTV cameras.\"At 12.05am on Friday, two bike-borne men stopped on a flyover opposite the office of Viacom 18, which owns Colors, on Western Express Highway, and pelted stones at the building's glass facade. \"Five windows on the second floor, worth Rs 2 lakh, were damaged,\" said an officer. The men then fled.The second attack's responsibility was claimed by Swaraj Sena, a political group headquartered in Ghatkopar, and headed by 24-year-old Swapnil Targe. \"The Swaraj Sena will continue to oppose the participation of Pakistani artistes in the show. My party will not tolerate the presence of Pakistani artistes on Indian TV channels or in Bollywood ,\" Targe said. \"My followers will continue the stir against the musical show. I have not heard from the police yet. Let me see how Colors reacts to my protest. I will then decide my next action.\"Targe said his party's purpose is to \"oppose the influx of illegal Bangladeshi migrants into Mumbai. He ridiculed \"the Hindutva parties\" for keeping mum on the TV show. \"The way MNS did a somersault on the show will fuel doubts in the minds of patriotic citizens. Would it be wrong if people say there was some kind of setting between MNS and Colors?\"(With inputs from Bharati Dubey &amp; Sanjeev Shivadekar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303877", "title": "Mother Dairy milk costlier by up to Rs 2 a litre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mother Dairy has announced an increase of up to Rs 2 a litre in milk prices in the NCR with effect from Saturday.Full cream milk will be dearer by Rs 2 a litre, while other variants will be costlier by Re 1 a litre. One litre of full cream milk (poly pack) will now cost Rs 39, toned milk (poly pack) Rs 30, token milk Rs 28, double toned Rs 26 and skimmed milk Rs 22.\"We have raised milk prices by 4%. For the last one year, we have been holding prices. But now we are forced to increase them because procurement prices have gone up as well as cost of other inputs like power, diesel and packaging material,\" Mother Dairy managing director S Nagarajan said. In April, Amul and Kwality Dairy had increased prices, but Mother Dairy decided against a hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306088", "title": "Dispose plastic, inorganic waste properly: Expert", "text": "COIMBATORE: T Senthivel, dean of agriculture and animal husbandry at Gandhigram University called on public to undertake studies pertaining to how plastics and other inorganic wastes could be used.He was speaking to TOI after delivering a lecture at a conference on 'environmental challenges towards waste management in India' at PA College of Education in Pollachi on Friday.\"Plastic wastes can be used in the laying of tar roads,\" he said. Some plastics can be recycled to make pipes and other materials. But studies to ascertain other options are essential, considering the rising inorganic wastes generated. He also discouraged the use of plastics. Most plastic material is not biodegradable and this really taxes the environment, he said.Facilities to filter sewage water should be installed. The water if filtered can be used for irrigation, he said. This is already being practiced in some parts of the country and should be extended to other places also, he said.Baiju K Nath, assistant professor of education at Calicut University who presented a paper said that many packed foods are packaged using imported materials made from wastes.\"Much of the packaged food products like soya beans are actually the remains of beans imported after extracting its milk from countries like America,\" he said.Measures can be taken even in households to limit wastes, he said. A few pipes installed in households through which organic wastes can be filtered can create an environment for farming.However, lack of a concrete policy on waste disposal is the major problem. \"We do not have many places for disposing off wastes safely,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16307066", "title": "Advocates to observe black day over Tamil row in courts", "text": "MADURAI: Advocates of the Madurai district court have decided to observe a black day on Saturday, frustrated over their long-standing demand of imposing Tamil as the official language in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. The advocates have been holding demonstrations and protests for the last one week in this regard, demanding the current official language English to be changed to Tamil.On Friday, they picketed the road and demonstrated against the Central government demanding to immediately implement Tamil as the official language in the bench. They stated that though the Tamil Nadu assembly had already passed a resolution in this regard two years ago, the proposal is still awaiting the nod by the Union law ministry and the President of India.A K Ramasamy, secretary of the Madurai Bar Council said that they have been fighting for this cause for the last five years, but the files pertaining to it are sleeping with the law ministry and the President. \"So, we have decided to observe the 150th anniversary celebrations of the Madras high court on Saturday as a black day,\" he added.The advocates also urged the fast track magistrate courts dealing with cheque cases to be shifted from its present location at Chinnachokkikulam to the district court premises stating that it causes several hardships to litigants and lawyers. \"These fast track courts are situated away from the district court premises causing hardship to both lawyers and litigants and the attitude of the magistrates in these courts is also very indifferent. Hence, we demand these courts be shifted to the district court premises in the available rooms,\" Ramasamy stated. The advocates also demanded that the state government provide Rs 10 lakh as compensation upon their death to their families. They also urged the state to consider providing Rs 3,000 stipend to junior advocates for three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305626", "title": "School board plans to start music school", "text": "PUNE: The school education board of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is planning to start a music school to promote music education among poor students.The civic body runs 294 schools with Marathi, Urdu and English as mediums of instruction. Over one lakh students, mostly from the lower income group, are studying in these schools.\"There are many talented students in the PMC-run schools. They find it hard to get a good platform to pursue a career in music because of their weak financial background. The PMC school board wants to set up a proper music training school,\" Pradeep Dhumal, chairman of the school board, told TOI.Dhumal said that the board has identified schools in Shivajinagar, Kothrud and Kasba Peth. \"We plan to open the music school in one of these areas within two months. All the infrastructure and music instruments will be provided by the school board. Students will be trained to sing and play instruments,\" he added.\"Experts in the field and veteran musicians from the city and state will be called to teach the students,\" said Shivaji Daundkar, administrator of the school board. \"The board also plans to conduct music exams for students so that they can reach higher levels in the field. They will be encouraged to participate in competitions. The PMC would tie-up with leading music schools in the state to conduct the exams professionally.\"The school board has recently submitted its budget for 2013-14 with an increase of Rs 90-crore - from Rs 255-crore for 2012-13 to Rs 345 crore for 2013-14. Out of that, Rs 25 lakh has been earmarked for the music school.The board also plans to set up four e-learning schools, and sports and military schools in the city. It has identified the sites for these schools at Hadapsar.Projects for infrastructure development at schools, sanitation programmes and campaigns to create awareness about social issues are also on cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304329", "title": "Abhijeet Group breaks silence, points fingers at others", "text": "NAGPUR: City based Abhijeet Group broke its silence three days after CBI raided its premises in connection with coal blocks allotted to it. Through a formal statement, the company tried to point fingers at other private players also having benefitted from the government largesse.\"There were several other companies that got multiple coal blocks. Neither the number of coal blocks held by a particular company nor the status of its development was the criterion of the government for further allocation of mines,\" it said through a press release. The release says it is on record that many other companies and their groups, which had been allocated coal blocks in earlier rounds, were also given additional mines subsequently. It says it already available in public domain that even those companies which had not satisfactorily developed the earlier coal blocks got more of them. The guidelines of the coal ministry's screening committee did not have any criterion related to multiple blocks, it adds.The CBI had raided the premises of Jas Infrastructure and Power Limited (JIPL), which has been allotted a coal block in Bihar , for alleged misrepresentation of facts while getting the block allotted.Strangely all this came up in a quickly wrapped up press conference, with the group's chairman Manoj Jayaswal still avoiding media glare. The conference was addressed by company's group director (mining) A K Srivastava, who quickly read out the three page statement to a packed hall and walked away. \"I am not authorized to make any statement,\" he said as he left the room full of disappointed journalists at Nagpur's Hotel Tuli Imperial.The company's printed statement said that despite media reports of FIR being lodged against it, it had not received a copy of the document. It also denied media reports that said the JIPL had suppressed any fact as it would have hampered its chances of getting another coal block.The release further said Inertia Iron and Steel of Abhijeet Group and IL&FS; Infrastructure Development Corporation had jointly applied for a block. Since this joint venture did not have any coal block in its name, so it had written 'no' in the relevant slot of the application form. An official of the company added on condition of anonymity that Abhjijeet Group had three coal blocks but they were not in the name of this JV. The JV finally did not get any coal block.JIPL also has a coal block in Mahuagarh, Bihar, jointly held by Calcutta Electricity Supply Corporation (CESC). Both the companies will exploit the block for their respective power plants. JIPL is coming up with a power plant at Banka, in Bihar.However, on the issue of having multiple blocks, the statement reads, \"the word group was not defined in the guidelines of the application form. Therefore it was only a matter of interpretation.\" The matter of Abhijeet Group already having coal block did come up during the presentation before screening committee. The blocks are located in Jharkhand and a representative of the state government was present in the meeting, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303717", "title": "Three arrested for robbery, blackmail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons, including two Osmania University students, were arrested for their alleged involvement in robbery and moral policing on Friday. OU police said that T Bharathnath and P Nagvendra Kumar, both students of OU, have committed several offences along with P Prabhanjan, also a student.\"The accusedto lead a luxurious lifestyle used to rob couples who come to university to spend time, by taking their pictures and blackmailing them. They then threaten the couple that their photographs will be made public if they inform police about the incident and collect money and valuables from them,\" police said.P Prabhanjan a native of Suryapet, discontinued his studies after failing his degree. In Nalgonda, a burglary and a motorcycle is pending against him. Similarly, T Bharathnathwho is also a native of Suryapetis involved in a snatching case. Both belong to Suryapet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305482", "title": "Youths harass national volleyball player", "text": "CHENNAI: In a suspected case of harassment, three youths on a bike dashed against a national volleyball player near Perambur on Thursday evening and allegedly pushed her down. However, police registered only an accident case and transferred the case to the traffic investigating wing. Friends of Minmol Abraham, who were with her at the time of the incident, said police advised them against mentioning 'misbehaviour' in the complaint as she would have to appear in court and narrate the incident.Abraham, a member of the national squad who is working as a travelling ticket examiner (TTE) with Southern Railway, was walking with two other players, Sunny Thomas and Anumol, to the railway quarters after a practice session around 7.45pm when the bike hit her and she fell to the ground. Minimol was injured in the back and on the hands and was taken to the railway hospital in Perambur.\"I initially didn't want to pursue the case, but my friends insisted that I file a complaint. It may have been an accident. This was the first time I was seeing those guys there,\" Minimol told TOI. Asked if the youths had misbehaved with her, she said she couldn't see them clearly in the dark. \"They may have tried to pass us and hit against me by mistake. We gave the bike's registration number to police,\" she said.As soon as her two friends began attending to her, the bike sped off. One of the players noted the bike registration number (TN05 AC-9741) and Minimol mentioned it in her complaint.One of Minimol's friends said he himself had been the victim of a similar incident several days ago at almost the same spot. \"Three men came on a bike, accosted me and assaulted me a few weeks ago. Before I could realize what was happening, they vanished in the dark,\" he said. No complaint was lodged in that incident. \"I suspect the same gang misbehaved with Minimol,\" he said.On Thursday, soon after the incident, several players still practising at the nearby ground rushed to Minimol's side and accompanied her to the Sembium police station to lodge a complaint. The personnel there, however, advised them against filing a criminal complaint, saying the victim would have to appear in court and narrate the incident. \"They advised us not to mention the misbehaviour portion in the petition and the case was referred to the Anna Nagar traffic investigation unit,\" Minimol's friend said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16304928", "title": "Crime branch to investigate Gurgaon contractor suicide case", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch of Gurgaon Police has been given charge of the probe into the suicide by a 50-year-old contractor allegedly ended his life by jumping off the eighth floor of Galaxy Apartments in Sushant Lok on Tuesday afternoon.The case was initially being probed by the Sushant Lok police. The police have already filed an FIR in the case. As per the FIR, which was lodged on the basis of the statement by the victim's wife Poonam, Ashok Kumar Shekahwat committed suicide because some builders had been holding up Ashok's payments for a long time and were not only refusing to pay the dues but were also threatening Ashok and his men .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16308141", "title": "Google doodles for Star Trek on 46th anniversary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, on Saturday, displayed an attractive and innovative doodle to mark the 46th anniversary of 'Star Trek: The Original Series'.Star Trek is an American science fiction TV series and holds the distinction of being one of the earliest science-fiction TV series depicting the 23rd century.The plot of this science fiction series revolves around the adventures of the starship USS Enterprise (NCC-1701) and its crew.The series was endorsed by different production firms and National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) aired it from September 8, 1966 - June 3, 1969.Because of its intriguing episodes and plot Star Trek was nominated for Emmy awards .So, to commemorate the 46th anniversary of Star Trek, Google has dedicated an animated doodle. Each letter of the Google logo is featured as a character from the science fiction series.The letter 'G' in the logo depicts the character Spock, one of the most celebrated characters of the series. The first and second 'O' of the logo are symbolised by characters Nyota Uhura and Captain James T Kirk respectively. And the letter 'L' represents Hikaru Sulu.The 46th anniversary Star Trek doodle opens in the bridge of the Starship Enterprise that allows users to click on the letters 'O' and 'E'. Moreover, the clickable red door serves as the passage to the transporter room from where the characters are beamed to a strange and unknown planet.On that planet the characters are challenged by the unfriendly Gorn, whom they easily defeat by shooting with a weapon. After defeating, the letter 'E' returns to the starship.The series of events in this doodle has been made even more intriguing with addition of the show's signature theme playing in the background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "istanbul (turkey)", "code": "16308364", "title": "Indian women crush Israel 3.5-0.5 at Chess Olympiad", "text": "ISTANBUL (TURKEY): International Master Tania Sachdev led the charge as the Indian women's team crashed through the defenses of Israel and romped to a huge 3.5-0.5 victory in the 10th and penultimate round of the Chess Olympiad.Having lost to Russia in the previous round, this was a much needed victory for the Indians and it elevated them to the joint fourth spot with just one round to go in the biggest chess spectacle.This is the first time that the Indian eves have come so close to attaining a medal.At the top of the tables, China was held to a 2-2 draw by Kazakhstan with both teams exchanging one victory besides two draws.The Russian eves caught up with China in lead on 17 points after drubbing Armenia 3.5-0.5. In third spot is Ukraine on 16 points and Indian girls stand joint fourth on 15 points along with Germany, France and Kazakhstan.The Indian girls are now in an enviable position and what remains to be seen is who they play in the next round. The likely opponent is Ukraine and if that happen a victory gives them every chance for a podium finish.The results of the Indian women's team have depended on the success of Tania and the Delhi-based player has not disappointed. She scored a convincing victory at the expense of Marsel Efroimski of Israel on the second board.The Indian think tank decided to rest Eesha Karavade in this round and the strategy came good as reserved player Soumya Swaminathan came up with an impressive victory on board four against Yuliya Shvayger.D Harika completed a regulation victory on the top board against Maya Porat and it could have been a whitewash had Mary Ann Gomes held on to her winning advantage against Masha Klinova.In the open section, the Indian men yet again fumbled and could only manage a 2-2 draw with Cuba after looking good for a victory for the major part of the match.Young Grandmasters Abhijeet Gupta and Parimajan Negi gave a head-start with victories on the third and fourth board against Yuniesky Quezada Perez and Yusnel Bacallao Alonso respectively.The Indians looked for an easy win but for some blunders by Sasikiran after Harikrishna went into a lost position against Bruzon Lazaro.Sasikiran got several winning chances and this is certainly turning out to be a nightmare for the second highest rated Indian after Viswanathan Anand.After missing chances to force a victory, Sasikiran missed a draw and found himself in a lost endgame to let Cubans draw parity.China, Russia and Armenia remained at the helm in this section with victories over USA, Argentina and Holland respectively. The three leaders have an identical 17 points and the 40th edition seems like heading towards a nail-biting finish.After their seventh draw on the trot, following victories in the first three rounds, the Indian men have just one hope -- an individual medal for top performer Abhijeet Gupta which seems much on cards.Among the eves, Tania is also in similar situation with her individual brilliance.Important results penultimate round open: China (17) beat USA (15) 2.5-1.5; Argentina (14) lost to Russia (17) 1.5-2.5; Netherlands (14) lost to Armenia (17) 1-3; Azerbaijan (13) lost to Ukraine (16) 1.5-2.5; Czech Republic (13) lost to Poland (15) 1-3; Denmark (13) lost to Hungary (15) 0-4; Belarus (13) lost to Germany (15) 1.5-2.5: Philippines (14) drew with Vietnam (14) 2-2; India (13) drew with Cuba (13) 2-2 (K Sasikiran lost to Lenier Dominguez Perez; Bruzon Lazaro beat P Harikrishna; Parimarjan Negi beat Yuniesky Quezada Perez; Yusnel Bacallao Alonso lost to Abhijeet Gupta); Israel (13) drew with Georgia (13) 2-2; Uzbekistan (14) beat Bulgaria (12) 3-1; Romania (14) beat France (12) 2.5-1.5; Greece (13) drew with Spain (13) 2-2; Slovenia (14) beat Croatia (12) 2.5-1.5.Women: China (17) drew with Kazakhstan (15) 2-2; Armenia (14) lost to Russia (17) 0.5-3.5; Ukraine (16) beat Poland (14) 2.5-1.5; Azerbaijan (13) lost to France (15) 1.5-2.5; India (15) beat Israel (3.5-0.5) D Harika beat Maya Porat; Marsel Efroimski lost to Tania Sachdev; Mary Ann Gomes drew with Masha Klinova; Yuliya Shvayger lost to Soumya Swaminathan); Germany (15) beat Spain (13) 3-1; Uzbekistan (14) drew with Italy (14) 2-2; Peru (14) beat Slovenia (12) 2.5-1.5; Hungary (12) lost to Bulgaria (14) 1-3; Romania (14) beat Netherlands (12) 3.5-0.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304021", "title": "Duo kill 3, including daughter of one, then shoot themselves", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just four days after a jilted lover killed five people, two friends went on a killing spree for about half-an-hour on Friday, firing at six people and, subsequently, shooting themselves in the Swaroop Nagar area of northwest Delhi. Four people - including one of the killers, Rajveer Sharma and his daughter Khushi, were dead by Friday evening while the rest are critically injured and admitted in LNJP Hospital. Cops are yet to establish the motive for this macabre dance of death, but there is speculation that a property dispute, unrequited love and finally despair sparked it off.The accused, Manish and Rajveer, first shot the latter's brother, Krishan, outside his house and then targeted two women who could be their love interests.Failed love triggered killing spree?Having shot three people, including two women in what could possibly be a case of jilted love, Manish and Rajveer Sharma went to Rajveer's house where he shot his 22-year-old wife, Pooja, and his two daughters, Khushi (13) and Rashi (3). The two then pumped several bullets into themselves.This spiral of violence started around 4.30pm when Manish and Rajveer arrived on a Pulsar bike at Krishan's house in the area, allegedly to settle a property dispute. An eyewitness, who refused to be named, said, \"They rang the bell and Krishan's wife opened the door. They had spoken to her for around two minutes when Krishan approached the door. The two shot at him and fled.\"Around 10 minutes later, they reached 24-year-old Jyoti's house in B-block and called her out. Manish had a love interest in her, claimed police sources, and she was going to get married soon. The two shot her in the chest and fled.They then headed for Burari road where they spotted 28-year-old Usha - whom Rajveer was allegedly in love with - returning from tuition classes. They stopped her and pumped a bullet into her head from point-blank range, police said.The two finally reached Rajveer's house and closed the main gate from inside. \"From what we have gathered, Rajveer then shot at his wife Pooja and his two daughters. The two then shot themselves,\" said a senior police officer.All eight victims were rushed to the nearby Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital where four of them - including Rajveer, his daughter, Khushi, Jyoti and Usha - were declared dead. The rest of them were shifted to LNJP hospital where they are undergoing treatment, said police. Manish is reported to have suffered three bullet injuries.The police had received three PCR calls - at 4.40pm, 4.50pm and 4.52pm - and a PCR van rushed to the spot. Two 7.65mm pistols and a .315 bore country-made pistol were used in the crime, along with at least five dozen bullets. The weapons and half of the unused ammunition have been recovered from the spot. \"The weapons were of good quality,\" said joint commissioner of police (north) Tajinder Luthra.The police say they are yet to establish the motive behind these murders. \"It is too early to state the motive. We have identified some eyewitnesses who are being questioned. Manish is not in a condition to be interrogated. No note or message from the accused has been recovered,\" said Luthra.However, sources in police claimed there was trouble brewing within Rajveer's family and that he had a property dispute with his brother, Krishan, which led Rajveer to shoot at him. Police sources also claimed that it was a case of jilted love as well. \"It is possible that both Rajveer and Manish were pursuing Usha and Jyoti, and it was a case of jilted love for them. We are investigating this,\" said a senior police source.65-yr-old stabbed to death in S DelhiA 65-year-old man was stabbed to death and his wife and neighbour were injured in an attack by unidentified men, apparently after a brawl in Nebsarai, south Delhi, on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16311258", "title": "BRT buses to have doors on right hand side.", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has reiterated that the bus rapid transit system (BRTS) buses that will ply in Pimpri Chinchwad will have doors opening on the right side.Shrikar Pardeshi, municipal commissioner said, \"The bus shelters on the BRTS routes should be located on the right side of the road and the buses should have doors opening on the right side. BRTS buses are meant for rapid transport and run on fast lanes. This is possible only if the bus shelters are located on the right side of the road.\"He said that if the bus shelters were located on left side of the road then the doors have to open on left side. The vehicles are parked on the left side of the road leaving lesser space for movement of buses so the buses cannot travel at a faster rate. So it is not advisable to have bus shelters for BRTS buses on left side of the road.\"He further said that members of the city improvement committee (CIC) were given a presentation on the BRTS project to be implemented in the city. \"We tried to convince them about the benefits of having right side bus shelters for the BRT routes and they were convinced,\" he said.Seema Savale, Shiv Sena corporator and member of CICsaid, \"I have opposed the civic administration's move of having the bus shelters for BRT buses on right side of the road. The passengers will have to alight from the bus in the middle of the highway and cross the service road braving vehicular traffic which is dangerous. The commissioner said that zebra crossings will be painted on the service road near the bus shelters.\"She said that members demanded that civic officials from town planning, building permission, bridges and projects and environment departments must be present at the CIC meetings. Earlier they used to be present after former municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma issued the requisite directives. Pardeshi said that the civic officials of the departments that come under the CIC as per the General Body resolution must be present at the meetings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310138", "title": "Refusals by auto drivers on the rise during monsoon", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers have been complaining about increasing cases of refusals by auto drivers across the eastern and western suburbs during the rains. The occasional heavy showers in the city brings with it several problems for commuters -- from shortage of taxis on road to excess fares demanded by drivers and a rise in refusal cases. The worst hit are passengers arriving at the airports and railway stations like CST, Dadar, Mumbai Central and LTT.Said Kalyani Roy, a commuter, \"Refusals have become rampant. Why do these drivers demand a fare hike when they cannot give good quality of service to Mumbaikars? Senior citizens like me have to wait in the rains for several minutes before some auto drivers agrees to ply.\" Another commuter, who is a mediaperson from Goregaon, said that it was a routine exercise to run after autos and request drivers to ply to a destination. \"We see four to five passengers gheraoing a driver and asking him to ply. But this does not deter him and he drives away without taking a single passenger,'' he stated. Shashank Rao, leader of Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union, said his union did not support refusals.\"Passengers should lodge complaints with the RTO. We have created awareness among our drivers not to refuse passengers. But there are 25,000 illegal autos plying in Mumbai and most of these drivers tamper meters and refuse commuters,'' he claimed. A senior RTO official admitted that complaints of refusals were maximum during monsoon season.\"We appeal to passengers to approach the nearest traffic police chowky, or lodge complaints online on the traffic police website. One can also lodge complaints on RTO toll free helpline 1800-22-0110. Activist Sunil Mone said that auto drivers have been given official badges with the sole purpose that they serve passengers and ferry everyone irrespective of the destination. \"He can only refuse commuters when he has to take a lunch/snack break or answer nature's call. In that case, he has to keep his meter flag half down,'' he stated. Some of the NGOs in the western suburbs have prepared postcards on which complaints can be written and posted to the RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16304976", "title": "Shah Commission indicts Digambar Kamat for illegal mining", "text": "PANAJI: Former chief minister Digambar Kamat, who was mines minister for 12 years, indirectly abetted illegal mining in the state, the Shah Commission report which was tabled in Parliament on Friday, reveals.The inquiry commission has quantified the loss to the state exchequer through illegal mining at around 34,000 crore.The commission report pointed out that Goa followed the \"single file system\" wherein a file initiated in the mines director's office got final approval from the minister concerned, including the chief minister, after passing through the mines secretary.\"It is amply clear that the minister of mines and chief minister were well aware about noncompliance of conditions and other illegalities/irregularities happening in the mining sector,\" commission chairman Justice M B Shah said in the report which tabled on the last day of the monsoon session of Parliament.He added that the administration was aware of complaints regarding water pollution, agriculture destruction and failure of horticulture crops but no inspection carried out resulted into fear-free environment, which caused loss to the ecology, environment, agriculture, ground water, natural streams, ponds, rivers, biodiversity.He added that the administration was aware of complaints regarding water pollution, agriculture destruction and failure of horticulture crops but no inspection carried out resulted into fear-free environment, which caused loss to the ecology, environment, agriculture, ground water, natural streams, ponds, rivers, biodiversity.Most of the irregularities took place from 2000, the report said. Kamat was in charge of the mines portfolio since 1999. The central government had appointed the commission to inquire into illegal mining in the country.The commission also said it is clear from records that the mines department had not inspected any mine. \" Director of mines and geology, has not carried out inspection of mines at least since last five years. Only isolated cases, where they have received complaints from locals due to inconvenience caused by mining activity, have been attended. No regular monitoring and compliance of the regulation and statutes, as required, have been done,\" the report says.The commission found that in 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11, there was a large difference between production (dispatch) under permitted quantum and actuals. It sates that this excess difference has been conveniently shown as \"ore retrieved\" from old dumps.The report notes that this excess production is actually ore extracted on proxy from running mines. \"This could not have happened had the state government, director of mines, been vigilant enough to monitor and regulate through frequent field inspections,\" the report says.The report further says that after the centre converted mining concessions into mining leases in 1987, 62 leases were granted first renewal for a period of 10 years, though applications were filed for first renewal after the cutoff date.\"This is a blatant abuse of Rule 24A (6) of MCR, 1960 which was applicable at the relevant time. Admittedly, there is no second renewal since last more than 12 years and lessees are permitted to occupy the lease area on alleged deemed extension which is not permitted. Hence, the state government should take immediate action in this regard either by cancelling the lease or by according second renewal wherever necessary by following provisions,\" the commission directed.Despite this, no inspections were carried out. It is clear that to avoid action the duty to inspect mines might have been evaded by mines department for such a long period, the commission notes. It recommends action against the mines director and subordinate officers for their misconduct and dereliction of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata/ howrah", "code": "16305901", "title": "Political blame game after outbreak", "text": "KOLKATA/ HOWRAH: The outbreak of dengue has sparked a high-voltage blame game between political rivals - the Trinamool Congress and the CPM - with chief minister Mamata Banerjee training her guns against the CPM-run Howrah Municipal Corporation (HMC) at a time when the CPM is highlighting the Trinamool dominated Kolkata Municipal Corporation's failure.Coming down heavily on the HMC, the CM complained that the HMC was charging fees from patients coming for blood tests. \"The drainage system is poor in Howrah with open drains spread all over. They are breeding grounds of dengue and mosquito larvae that might spread in the town.\" The chief minister's comments come days within the Opposition drove holes into the government's claims on dengue deaths saying that the disease has turned into an epidemic.Mamata held that the CPM-run HMC has failed to take care of drainage and conservancy. \"The HMC doesn't even pay heed to the state government. But if we interfere with the civic upkeep of Howrah, we will be accused of destabilizing a democratically elected body,\" the CM said.Not only that, the CM sent urban development minister Firhad Hakim and urban department secretary Alapan Bandopadhyay to Howrah on Friday afternoon to tackle the Howrah menace. The two held meeting at the DM's office and later went to the HMC office where they held meeting with the municipal commissioner, health officials and police commissioner.Howrah deputy mayor Kaberi Moitra said that three people have tested positive in the Mac Elisa test. \"While 38 people tested positive with NS1, there is not death toll till now.\"Howrah mayor Mamata Jaiswal is the Trinamool target. Jaiswal is not in town. She has left the city on a holiday trip to Goa, the Trinamool councillors complained. The state urban development minister also criticized the mayor claiming that there were 27 people suffering from dengue in Howrah. He criticized the role of HMC as they were not cleaning the drains. \"Moreover, the HMC is charging Rs 500 from patients for blood tests which is illegal.\" Hakim asked the officials of HMC and health department to gear up for awareness drive against dengue. A 40-member team had been formed under DM Howrah Santanu Basu for awareness campaign against dengue.In a bid to beef up efforts to check the outbreak of malaria , the district magistrate and municipal commissioner have been asked to recruit men under NREGA to clean the drains and cover them. KMDA will be extending its support to help the HMC cover the open drains.Deputy mayor Kaberi Moitra admitted that HMC was charging Rs 500 in a Sunirnaypathological clinic of HMC. \"The money was charged as we don't have the financial capacity to provide the test free. But in private clinics it costs more,\" she said.Now, it has been decided that clinics under HMC will not be conducting any test for dengue from Saturday. Instead, it will be collecting blood samples to send it to National Medical College and Hospital. Moreover, the Howrah district hospital will also start a fever clinic, which too will collect blood samples and send it to the medical college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16304234", "title": "Teachers accused of raping 2 girls", "text": "ALWAR: Two teachers \u2014 accused of raping girl two students and making obscene video clips \u2014 had been regularly attending school in Alwar's Tehla town even after FIRs were lodged against them. With the police turned a blind eye, the district education department suspended these teachers on Friday. The victims are sisters. In fact, the younger girl has been missing since July 14 and family members allege that she was kidnapped by the teachers.Officials said FIRs had been registered against two teachers identified as Dhara Singh and Badri Prasad Meena on August 16.\"The elder of the two girls had approached a local court. She alleged that Singh and Prasad made some mobile clippings of her and her sister showing them in a compromising position,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the complainant alleged that the two teachers used to force the girls to stay back in class after school hours. She alleged that the teachers made them prepare tea and then drugged it. They then allegedly raped the girls. They also allegedly made MMS and blackmailed them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303758", "title": "Cabbie murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A car driver who returned from Dubai was murdered by unidentified persons at Nashema Nagar, Chatrinaka on Friday. Chatrinaka police said that Sikandar, 28, died after he suffered stab injuries besides he was been hit with a boulder. Sikandar came back to Hyderabad from Dubai six months ago where he was working as a driver. He worked as a driver in Dubai and is presently unemployed.The victim is a resident of Riyasath Nagar and he has been at loggerheads with one Maqbool from last several days. Police are suspecting Maqbool, who is presently absconding. A case was registered under 302 (murder) of Indian Penal Codes.Missing girl traced: A four-year-old girl who went missing at Ramanthapur was traced at Srinivasapuram, Uppal on Friday. Uppal Inspector Lakshmikantha Reddy said that Jahnavi,4, went to a nearby shop along with another girl Sana, a relative. \"But meanwhile, a woman forcefully took her away Jahnavi and deserted her at Srinivasapuram, which is a kilometer away from the shop. A few locals noticed Jahnavi and informed the police,\" police said. The girl was handed over to Jahnavi's father B Ramu, a Painter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16306789", "title": "Now, thermal cameras can tell if you are drunk", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have devised a new technology that can spot drunk people in a crowd by monitoring the temperature of their body and face through cameras.Scientists in Greece have devised a code to look for signs of inebriation system to be used in bars and shops to alert the staff. The new software can look at changes in body temperature to determine sobriety, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Scientists have given details of how two computer formulas, in conjunction with the camera, can spot physical differences, such as the dilation of blood vessels in a drunk persons cheek, or the slight increase in heat on nose, compared to their forehead.The concept has been used before in airports to help spot people with infections, such as SARS, but the new twist on the technology could be used at sports events or crowded areas as an aid to security teams or police.Georgia Koukiou and Vassilis Anastassopoulos, from the University of Patras in Greece, have produced two algorithms to analyse data from cameras. They noted how alcohol causes blood vessel dilation at the skin's surface, so by comparing different spots on the face, they can spot individual pixel-width differences.A second programme looks at heat variability across the face, based on observations that the nose becomes relatively hot compared to a cooler forehead when a person is inebriated.Researchers suggest the system could be used to stop the police or officials making mistakes based on ill-founded assumptions based on someone's appearance or behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16304536", "title": "Crying need for safeguard of school children", "text": "The frequency with which this kind of horrific incident occurs must shake us into doing something about it. When women working late at night were found to be vulnerable, we got norms on how they must be safeguarded on their way home from work. Today, there is a crying need for working out a similar system to keep little children safe on their way from home to school and back. The school authorities, parents and civil society at large must contribute in terms of ideas and the government obviously must do its bit. Clearly, there is need for some responsible adult overseeing the journey. How exactly this can be done is something we must all put our heads to.Related Story  :  School driver sodomizes 3-year-old boy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16306169", "title": "Nilgiris collector petitioned to begin tourism in Mudumalai Tiger Reserve", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A memorandum seeking the Nilgiris district administration's intervention in reviving tourism in the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) was submitted to Nilgiris District Collector, Archana Patnaik by the Nilgiri District Joint Action Committee (NDJAC), comprising all political parties, on Friday.According to the memorandum, over 300 tribal people have been kept away from work by the forest department as they have curbed tourism activities in the MTR region. \"Their livelihood is at stake. Hence we insist that the forest department continues to engage them in field works,\" said J B Subramaniam, Convener of the NDJAC.The memorandum stated that if the tribal community is evacuated and tourism activities are stalled in the fringe areas, it would pave the way for poachers. It reiterated the rise in number of deaths in the hill district due to man-animal conflict in recent times. The district administration has failed to take action in this regard, it said.Residents, especially agriculturists, are finding it to keep away animals that destroy their crops. The animals including Indian gaur and monkey freely wander within village limits and scare villagers away. According to Subramaniam, bears frequently enter villages and attack people especially women. A couple of bear attacks have been reported in the last month. \"Despite several reports, the forest department turns a blind eye to the issue,\" he lamented.\"We are not against the conservation of nature and animals but not at the cost of human life,\" the memorandum stated. Following several complaints from the public pertaining to the menace, the NDJAC has resolved to take up the matter with the Centre and the state governments in its recent meeting attended by district secretaries of all political parties including the MLAs of the three constituencies in the district.\"We have requested the collector to arrange a meeting with chief minister J Jayalalithaa to put forth our grievances,\" Subramaniam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306490", "title": "Election fervour jams traffic on Chandigarh roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Major traffic jams were witnessed in the surrounding areas of colleges in sectors 10, 26 and Panjab University due to wrongly parked cars and rallies being taken out by students causing inconvenience to residents and commuters.In order to make the entire stretch outside DAV -10 vehicle-free, the road was closed by police from both sides and as a result students parked anywhere they got space, blocking roads to houses.Khushdeep Singh, who resides in the back lane of the college, said, \"It took me an hour to reach the main road as there was an endless line of wrongly parked cars outside my house. If the college authorities had to make the area vehicle free, they should have made arrangements or asked the students to come by public transport.\"Similar situation prevailed outside Guru Gobind Singh College in Sector 26. The entry was restricted because of which the students gathered in groups outside the gate causing traffic snarls. After the result was declared and the celebrations began, the traffic was put to a halt for nearly half an hour.Meanwhile, at Punjab University only gate facing Sector 15 was kept open due to which long queues of cars waited for nearly 10-15 minutes before one could enter the university premises. \"There was only one entry point and every car was being checked for security reasons. As a result it took a long time to enter the varsity and traffic came to a standstill on the road leading to the PGI,\" said Soumya Singh, who was stuck in a traffic jam.An ambulance was seen stuck in the traffic chaos as students had parked their vehicles on roads outside their departments. Way to the vice-chancellor's office was also blocked with cars parked on both sides of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305721", "title": "Railys clueless about state, civic body's Kumbh plans", "text": "NASHIK: While state government agencies and the civic authority in Nashik have drawn up plans for Kumbh in 2015, the district collectorate is yet to involve the railways in the process, raising doubts over adequate rail transport provisions being made before the mega religious event which takes place every twelve years in the city.Central Railway (CR) has not got any official communication from the state government for its Kumbh plans in terms of whether they want movement of passengers from Nashik city, to Igatpuri and Odha. They have also not communicated regarding funds for the same, a railway official said.\"We have plans related to upgrading facilities in the city but it is not related to the Kumbh at all, ,\" the senior official said adding that nothing could be planned regarding the event until the government intimated them about it.\"If we strengthen facilities at Nashik Road and the administration wants Igatpuri and Odha to be used for the purpose, our efforts would be wasted because for the next twelve years the facilities will not be used by the railways for any purpose,\" the official said.Officials further hinted at the lack of liaison between the state and civic body and the railways .\"If the divisional railway manager's (DRM) office in Bhusawal is involved, planning could be done,\" a DRM official said pointing out that they were decision-makers but no communication.The official added that the for the last two events they were not given any state funds. \"We hope the government also picks up its share in improving the railway infrastructure in Nashik to benefit its passengers in the long run,\" the official said.District collector Vilas Patil said the administration was yet to plan traffic movement for the event. Once issues were discussed with various departments, only then would the administration be able to give its requirements to the Railways.\"We will be involving the Railways but at a later stage. It would take another month or so,\" Collector said.Railway officials are concerned about losing time. \"This would mean that we have less time in hand to study and execute the work,\" the railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16306370", "title": "Slain Naxalite from Raichur?", "text": "MANGALORE: The Naxalite, who was gunned down at an exchange of fire at Bilinele in Cheru forest area of Dakshina Kannada district on Tuesday, is assumed to be Yellappa alias Dinakar, aged between 35 and 40 years, hailing from Manvi Taluk of Raichur District.Alok Kumar, inspector general of police (ANF) told TOI that he was tentatively identified as Yellappa alias Dinakar after receiving inputs from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu police. \"We had circulated the deceased person's photograph and this was the input we got. Yellappa, was supposed to be an area committee member of the Left extremist group,'' Alok said.IGP (Western Range) Pratap Reddy said, \"We don't have any independent confirmation or any word from the family members of the deceased. We have the inputs and we are trying to verify it.\"Alok said Yellappa was not on ANF radar as his area of operations was not Malnad region. He has been active since 2004 and he may have come here as a trainer to help local Naxalites.Alok said that he had asked the Raichur SP to verify with relatives of a person identified as Jayanna alias Mahesh from Manvi Taluk, who is also a Naxalaite and related to Yellappa alias Dinakar. ``Jayanna was instrumental in introducing Yellappa to Naxal ideology,'' Alok said.However, Raichur superintendent of police SB Bisnalli said that there is no person resembling the deceased in Manvi taluk. ``Since morning we have been visiting villages in the taluk, especially Kurudi and Aroli. None of the villagers here have identified him,'' the SP said. `\"We have also doubts on one person named Dinakar. He is suspected to be in Bangalore,'' added the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305569", "title": "Auto driver returns gold worth Rs 7 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: An autorickshaw driver on Thursday returned 31 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth nearly 7 lakh that had left behind in his vehicle by a family. He was lauded for his honesty by police commissioner J K Tripathy and rewarded.Police said Noorjahan of Ayyapillai Street, her two children and her brother Abdul Azeez, who had gone for a wedding in Tambaram, arrived at the Egmore railway station by suburban train around 6.30pm. They came out and boarded auto driver Senthil's vehicle to their house in Royapettah. The bag, later found to be containing 31 sovereigns of gold jewellery, was placed in the space behind the seat.After dropping them off, Senthil was returning when he stopped for a cup of tea near Teynampet and noticed the bag. He opened it and found the jewels. He promptly handed over the jewellery at the Zam Bazaar police station.By then, Noorjahan had noticed the bag missing and came to the station to lodge a complaint. The family members, after getting back the jewellery, were all praise for the driver.Police inspector Sivarajan said, \"It is rare to find drivers like him.\"\"I was bargaining for money and later accepted what they gave. I was very sure that the bag could have been left behind by the family, as I did not take on any other passengers,\" Senthil told TOI.Senthil, a bus driver with a private engineering college drives an auto as a part-time job. He said: \"I was frightened to see so much gold. Without a second thought, I rushed to the police station.\"The 34-year-old, who lives at Pozhichalur near Chromepet with his wife and two children, said he had already handed over to police several mobile phones left behind by passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16306229", "title": "Allahabad: Far from geared up for Mahakumbh 2013", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Mahakumbh 2013 has been preceded by lofty claims of extensive and foolproof arrangements by policy makers in the state and at the Centre, who say no stone has been left unturned to ensure the grand success of the event.However, if one considers the ground situation at Rambagh Railway station, a vital transit point for lakhs of devotees going to the holy Sangam city from Eastern UP, then it surely is high time the authorities transformed claims to action.Under North-Eastern Railways (NER), the significance of Rambagh Railway station increases manifold during Maha Kumbh, one of the largest agglomerations of humans next year. And the railway authorities as well as policy makers are regularly reminded of the same by the senior NER officials' random inspection visits to the station.A visit by TOI showed how the station falls short in providing even the most basic amenities a traveller would expect when he or she comes to Allahabad. The platform and the booking area at the station serve as a the leisure spot for several large bulls that can be seen at any point of the day. \"These bulls have injured people several people, but no one seems to bother,\" rued an elderly woman as she lifted her belongings and moved out of the way of a huge and oblivious bull.Another example of the callous attitude of the railway authorities is total absence of facility of toilets on the station. Toilets do exist, but have been locked up by the authorities who have forbidden their use for the past one year. The desperate have to attend to nature's call in the open. \"Although the males can still manage somehow, it is shocking to see that the station does not even have a single toilet for women,\" said Shubham.Sources told TOI that the authorities had earlier introduced pay and use facility for the toilet, but the contractor sustained losses and abandoned the facility. Instead of taking up the responsibility of providing the amenity to passengers, the railway authorities chose the easy way and simply sealed the doors of these toilets.Meanwhile, the divisional railway manager (DRM) Varanasi, Ajay Vijayvargiya, said, \"We would certainly enhance and revamp the facilities at all the stations including Rambagh. We would ensure that passengers get all the amenities which are their right.\"The station superintendent Bhola Ram, who hurriedly began damage control after noticing TOI taking pictures and talking to passengers at the station, said, \"We have captured all the stray animals and opened alternative toilets for the passengers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306442", "title": "Polls: Markets turn into meeting places", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While many voters rushed to DAV College on poll day, some took a pit stop at the markets in sectors 10 and 11. They were later joined by those who descended there after casting their votes.With police barricading the road leading to DAV-10, the market turned into a meeting point for many and groups of students hung around either in the cafes or under porch.Cars parked on both sides of the roads made it difficult for the residents to even reach their houses. Tej Singh, a resident, said, \"This is ridiculous. There are so many cars parked in a haphazard manner. Usually there is a lot of traffic on this road because of the college but today we can't even find space for our cars.\"With police not allowing entry of vehicles inside the college campus, many students had to park at the Sector 10 market. Sukhwinder Singh, a BSc first-year student, said, \"I don't know why the parking has been closed. Otherwise also, no outsiders are allowed inside the college. I don't see any point in closing college parking.\"This also caused problem to the students, some of whom had to park their vehicles far from the college gate. Mohit, a BA third-year student, said, \"I think this move by the authorities and also the hot weather will affect the turnout.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309146", "title": "You can\u2019t plan a trip to Banaras: Dhanush", "text": "It's the second day of shoot for the South Indian sensation Dhanush for his big Bollywood break, Aanand L Rai's 'Raanjhanaa' in Varanasi, and the film means surmounting a number of challenges for the actor, especially, since he admits, \"I had never, ever in my life thought that after 24 films in Tamil, I would do a Hindi film.\" A surprising admission indeed, considering that the talent exchange between Bollywood and South film industries is picking pace steadily, and considering also that 'Kolaveri Di', which he sang for wife Aishwarya's film '3', made him a household name as much up North as it did back in his homeland. But Dhanush says, \"Yes, there was speculation, but why would I have wanted to move, when I had a fairly successful stint in Tamil films? But like I have been saying, the script chose me, and 'Raanjhanaa' became my 25th film.\"However, despite the B'wood break, Dhanush is not thinking much further about his Bollywood career. He says, \"Of course, somewhere in my mind was this thought of expanding my horizons, so to speak. That is why I am here. But right now, if anyone were to ask me of any future Bollywood plans, I wouldn't have any idea, because I am not thinking that further.\"Talking about the challenges of working in a Hindi film, Dhanush shrugs, \"Of course, Hindi was and remains a huge challenge.\" And we can believe that, what with co-star Sonam solicitously enquiring of him on the sets, \"Now you must be feeling better, no? Now that a bulk of the dialogue part is over...?\" However, Dhanush laughingly brushes away all the talk of having taken lessons from Sunny Deol prior to beginning the shooting. \"I don't mind, it is all good rumour,\" he smiles and adds, \"But please, let me make this clear that nothing of the sort happened, nor did I watch Sunny's films to perfect my acting. Yes , I did brush up on Hindi, that was required. But apart from that I am here empty, like a clean slate, like a computer into whose CPU the director and writer Himanshu Sharma have fed in information, which I will process and the result will be on the screen. You know, when we used to have discussions on the film, Aanand and Himanshu always stressed that I just have to be myself. And that's what I'm here as, myself.\"But that's about the film, and that's not all which has Dhanush excited. The fact that he is shooting for his first Bollywood venture in Varanasi, considered to be a pilgrimage for the Shiva devotee, can rightly be termed the cherry on the cake. In an almost reverential tone, Dhanush says, \"Among my family, this is what they say, that a visit to Varanasi cannot be planned, it just happens. Now take my case, I am 29 and the biggest Shiva bhakt you could find. I have several films, two children and so much else, even then I could never come here, till now. In fact my parents have never been able to come here. Now, my wife will visit me with my children and so will my parents... all because of me. If that is not a blessing, then what is?\"However, if there is something Dhanush would like to be completely clear on, it is regarding his career as a singer, especially in Bollywood. \"It's true that post \"Kolaveri\" I began to be known more as a singer than an actor, especially in the North. But please, I am not a singer, \"Kolaveri\" was a fluke that just happened, but no more. I want to be known as an actor and that is precisely what I told people in Bollywood who approached me with offers of singing. I told them, 'As a singer, I would be insulting the true singers in the industry and that is not what I want to do. I want to be an actor only'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16307064", "title": "Health secy told to act against doctors", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday directed the health and family welfare secretary to take appropriate action against two senior doctors for tampering with the attendance particulars of a service candidate, thus delaying his results by more than three years.Justice S Manikumar, allowing the plea filed by Ramesh Babu, whose PG Diploma in anaesthesia (DA) final result was withheld for three years and five months, directed the MGR Medical University to publish the results within 10 days.The judge said it was manifestly clear that from the statements recorded by police that in order to prevent the petitioner from appearing in the final area DA course, the attendance registers had been tampered with.The attendance register details given earlier by the dean to the university did not reflect the correct particulars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303873", "title": "Retired airman robbed of 3 lakh in Tis Hazari", "text": "NEW DELHI: A retired Air Force man has alleged that he was cheated and robbed of Rs 3 lakh inside a nationalized bank located inside the Tis Hazari court complex in north Delhi. The victim, K K Chaudhry (73), has alleged that he and his daughter-in-law went to the bank on August 28 when the incident occurred around 1.15pm. The Sabzi Mandi police have registered a case of cheating and theft.According to Chaudhry, he wanted to deposit cash for issuing of letter of administration as his wife died without a will. \"We were being helped by an advocate. We were told that we had to line up before the cash counter and in seven minutes we reached the woman clerk who asked us to meet the chief cashier at his office. We acted accordingly and he directed us to get our PAN card detail photocopied. My daughter-in-law handed out her PAN card and our advocate volunteered to get it photocopied. We needed the money as my son is scheduled to undergo an operation of oral cancer soon,\" said Chaudhry.Chaudhry told TOI that he was coming out of the chief cashier's room when another person - smartly dressed - walked up to them inside the bank and introduced himself as a cashier. He asked them to hand over the money so that he could count them. When the counting was over, he ran away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306602", "title": "HC notices to state, Centre on irrigation \u2018scam\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court on Friday issued notices to the central and state governments following a petition by NGO Jan Manch against alleged irregularities in irrigation projects in the Vidarbha region.The writ petition alleged fraud, abuse of power and siphoning of money by officials in the name of tapping the irrigation potential of Vidarbha. The court was informed that despite three state government-appointed committee reports, pointing out inferior work and lack of supervision, no action was taken against those involved. The petitioner has demanded a CBI inquiry and recovery of money from the guilty officers. A division bench of Justices P V Hardas and M L Tahaliyani allowed three weeks to the respondents to file their replies.\"In the name of betterment of agriculture, few erring officers and the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) emptied the state exchequer by countless thousand of crores of rupees. The result is that even today the farmers' fields are without a drop of water,\" said the petition.It said the VIDC escalated the cost of 38 irrigation projects by a whopping Rs 20,050 crore (from Rs 6,672 crore to Rs 26,722 crore) within a span of seven months in 2009. Thirty of the 38 projects were granted hurried approvals in just four days \u2014August 14, 2009 (11 projects), June 24, 2009 (10), July 7, 2009 (five) and August 18, 2009 (four).The petition specifically mentions the Gosikhurd national irrigation project in Bhandara district, which is funded by the Centre. The project cost was Rs 372 crore in March 1982, but was frequently revised till it reached Rs 7,777 crore in 2008. Despite spending 85% of this amount so far, the actual area of irrigation potential created is a mere 13.5% or 34,000 hectares of the target of 2.5 lakh hectares.\"The petitioner submits that taking into consideration these facts and figures declared by the VIDC, it is a sure-shot case of a project's ill-planning, mismanagement and massive corruption,\" said Jan Manch.The government-appointed Vadnare committee found out that rates were arbitrarily increased in 90 major tenders pertaining to the Gosikhurd irrigation project. The panel added that in most cases, VIDC officials awarded tenders at 15% to 40% above the original estimate, illegally. It also found poor quality of concrete lining through the entire left bank main canal of Gosikhurd.The petition said the official note to ratify the sanction of every tender awarded amounting to a total of Rs 11,126 crore by the VIDC did not bear the signature of the state water resources department secretary, who is the ex-officio managing director of the corporation. \"If the tender approval proposal would have been sent to the secretary, it may not have been sanctioned as objections were raised by his office,\" it said.\"There is a nexus of politicians, bureaucrats and contractors in siphoning thousands of crores of public money by turning a blind eye to suicide by farmers,\" the NGO contended. The petitioners have asked the court for a probe by the CBI or any independent agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309065", "title": "Mahesh to start shooting for Sukumar's film", "text": "After shooting a song couple of months back, superstar Mahesh Babu will resume shooting for his new film, which is directed by Sukumar. The actor, who has been shooting for the multi-starrer film Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, is expected to begin the shooting from September 17 in Hyderabad.The film is tipped to be an action entertainer and given Sukumar's credentials, it's going to be the one of the most stylish and exciting films in Mahesh Babu's career. Kajal Agarwal is playing the female lead in this film, which is produced by 'Dookudu' producers Ram Achanta, Gopichand Achanta and Anil Sunkara under 14 Reels Entertainments banner.This is the first time Devi Sri Prasad is composing tunes for a Mahesh Babu's film and the music director has already promised the actor's fans that he's coming up with an album that's truly unique. The makers are currently mulling over an appropriate title for the film and are expected to come out with an announcement soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305135", "title": "Spl CBI court admits plea against Nitish Tiwary fodder scam accused", "text": "RANCHI: A petition was admitted in the special CBI court of P K Sinha on Friday seeking to make Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and JD(U) MP Shivanand Tiwary accused in the multi-crore fodder scam. The petition was filed by Mithilesh Singh, a social worker, under the provision of the CrPC.Bhola Nath Ojha, the counsel for the petitioner, said the petition sought the inclusion of the Bihar chief minister and Tiwary as accused in fodder scam cases RC 20-A/96, RC 33-A/96 and 38-A/96. \"The petitioner has submitted that there are sufficient evidences which point at both Kumar, who was then a Janata Dal MLA, and Tiwary having received Rs 1 crore and Rs 60 lakh, respectively from the then regional director of the animal husbandry department and kingpin of the scam SB Sinha.\"The next date of hearing has been fixed for September 25.Last year, the petitioner had filed the same petition in the CBI court. But it had been rejected since the court did not find the petitioner to have any locus standi in the case. However the decision of the CBI court was challenged in the high court which asked the special court to allow the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16306999", "title": "'Aliens can be found in 40 years'", "text": "LONDON: Alien life beyond our solar system could be discovered within the next 40 years, a top British astronomer has said. According to Lord Martin Rees, the president of the Royal Society of London , developments in astronomy mean that astrophysicists could be able to view images of distant planets outside of our solar system as soon as 2025, and potentially discover whether there is some form of life on them, the Daily Mail reported.The question of whether earth is alone in supporting living organisms has puzzled scientists, philosophers for centuries. \"We know now that stars are orbited by retinues of planets just as our sun is. We have learned this in just the last decade, essentially,\" Rees said. \"Within 10 or 20 years we will be able to image other planets like the earth, orbiting other stars. That will be a really exciting subject to see if there is evidence for [extra-terrestrial] life or not,\" Rees was quoted as saying by the paper.Speaking at a debate on the meaning of life for the launch of Professor Stephen Hawking's new show Grand Design, he added that finding out more about the \"origin of life, the place where it exists, and whether aliens exist, is going to be crucial over the next four decades\". \"There may be some questions that our brains will never understand, in the same way that chimpanzees couldn't understand quantum theory , that are just beyond human brains,\" Rees added. Last year Lord Rees said it was possible that aliens were \"staring us in the face\" in a form humans are unable to recognize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16302954", "title": "US designates Haqqani network as terror organization amid Krishna-Khar talks", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nearly four years after the Pakistan-backed Haqqani network attacked the Indian Embassy in Kabul and killed an Indian diplomat and military personnel, the United States on Friday reluctantly moved to officially designate it as a terrorist organization.Secretary of State Hillary Clinton signed the relevant papers while on a tour of East Asia ahead of a weekend Congressional deadline stemming from pressure from American lawmakers. Otherwise, the administration was quite leery of making the designation despite the US defense and intelligence establishment accusing the Haqqani group of attacks on Indian and US/Nato interests in Afghanistan under instructions and guidance from the Pakistani military-intelligence.There were reports of protracted debate within the administration about the fallout of such a designation, including the effect on its relations with Pakistan, on the drawdown from Afghanistan, and on the dodgy peace talks with sections of the Taliban. The US is also concerned about the fate of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, the only American soldier known to be held by the militants.But Clinton finally made the call on Friday, faced with a Congressional deadline. The U.S move was virtually forced because Congress approved legislation that President Obama signed into law on August 10 giving the Secretary of State 30 days to determine whether the Haqqani network was a terrorist group, and report her decision to lawmakers by Sunday. The deadline and the designation came at a tricky moment because New Delhi was pushing ahead with the dialogue with Pakistan.In her report to the Congress, Clintons said \"The consequences of these designations include a prohibition against knowingly providing material support or resources to, or engaging in other transactions with, the Haqqani Network, and the freezing of all property and interests in property of the organization that are in the United States, or come within the United States, or the control of U.S. persons.\" Since the Pakistani establishment has been accused by Washington of supporting the Haqqani group, it will also come under scrutiny. \"We also continue our robust campaign of diplomatic, military, and intelligence pressure on the network, demonstrating the United States' resolve to degrade the organization's ability to execute violent attacks,\" Clinton said in her message.The fact that the Foreign Terrorist Organisation (FTO) notification was rolled out on the eve of talks between India's External Affairs Minister S.M.Krishna and his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar indicated conflicting impulses in both Washington and New Delhi on how to tackle Pakistan's sponsorship of terror through proxies such as Haqqani group and Lashkar-e-Taiba's Hafiz Saeed: through talks and persuasion or through punitive action, diplomatic and beyond.The US appears to have decided on a combination of both amid signs that Pakistan will continue its dodgy stance -- engaging in talks while pursuing what it sees as its self-interest, which many see as damaging to itself. Islamabad has shown no inclination to dampen the fervor of any of its terrorist proxies like the Haqqani group and Hafiz Saeed, and its punitive action is reserved for rogue groups attacking Pakistan itself.Ahead of the Krishna-Khar talks, the Pakistani foreign minister airily dismissed India's dismay over lack of action on the Mumbai terrorist attack by saying New Delhi should see the issue of trial ''realistically'' and ''pragmatically'' and not ''emotionally.'' She called for patience and more evidence to nail Hafiz Saeed while the legal process proceeded in Pakistan, ignoring material already provided and the growing realization in Pakistan that the country and its judicial system is being overrun by terrorist- and jihadi sympathizers wearing lawyers' robes, military uniforms, and even civilian togs.While Pakistan's legal fraternity has celebrated terrorists with rose petals, the country's military leader Pervez Ashfaq Kayani was reported as describing the Haqqani group as the country's ''strategic assets.'' Other Pakistani officials have suggested the network constitutes Islamabad's proxies in a future Afghanistan dispensation dominated by anti-Pakistan factions. Meanwhile, domestic extremists have gone on a rampage against minorities in the country, provoking Human Rights Watch to censure Islamabad for the killing of even shias, the country's large Muslim minority.US response to Pakistan's denial and belligerence stance has been shifty, in part because sections of the administration has apparently argued that any precipitate action will endanger Washington's ties with Pakistan that is already under strain. While former US military chief Mike Mullen described the Haqqani group as a ''veritable arm'' of the ISI, others in the administration cautioned that designating the group as FTO will bring the ISI and Pakistan itself one step closer to being designated a state sponsor of terrorism. US reaction to the systematic killing of minorities in Pakistan has also been muted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16306516", "title": "15-hour ordeal for passengers after emergency landing at Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The 185 passengers on the Dubai-bound Air India Express flight from Jaipur were in for a rude shock on Friday when their Boeing 737-800 was forced to make an emergency landing back at Jaipur airport just 45 minutes after take off due to a technical snag.The flight, which departed Jaipur on Friday at 12.15pm had to return later at 1pm due to major technical snag detected by the pilots' mid-air. Later, the passengers were ferried in a special plane to Dubai at 10pm after they had been stranded for a full 15 hours.The snag-hit Air India Express flight had initially arrived 7 hours late from its expected time of departure (5.40am) at 11.10am from Dubai. For the passengers inside the aircraft It was a harrowing time and the lack of the information left them seething. In the beginning they were left in a state of confusion bordering on panic when they heard the announcement 'tie your seat belts as the plane is landing in Jaipur'. To complicate the situation came another announcement: 'This landing is due to bad weather.\"Their confusion only exacerbated the situation when, after being taken to the waiting lounge, they saw their luggage being taken out from the plane. This led to an ugly situation and the angry passengers had to be pacified by airport officials.\"They informed us that a team of engineers is rushing from Delhi. The told us the flight will depart to Dubai by 6pm. Later, they retracted their statement and assured us of a flight and of arrangements in a nearby hotel,\" said Mohammed Arif, a stranded passenger. They were then rushed to two hotels - Royal Empire and Hawa Mahal in buses.Finally, they were informed that a special flight had been called from Mumbai to ferry them.The pilot's request for an emergency landing at 12.45pm had sent airport officials in a tizzy and the ATC had sounded an alert. \"The fire-fighting and rescue vehicles took their positions much before landing,\" said Paul Manickam, airport director, Jaipur airport. Airline officials said a major fault had been detected in one engine. \"The pilots evaluated the situation and made a U-turn before they crossed Indian airspace. Luckily, Jaipur was the nearest airport,\" said an airline official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305283", "title": "Cong unrest on 'soft' stand", "text": "MUMBAI: A statement issued by state Congress attacked MNS leader Raj Thackeray on Friday. \"Even before his announcement that he would not allow airing of the show owing to the presence of Pakistani artists could gather steam, he withdrew his protest,\" it said and alleged that the MNS had indulged in similar about-turns in the past. \"He first adopts an extreme public stand on an issue leading to violent protests by MNS workers. He then holds closed-door consultations with parties concerned... While he uses big words like Maharashtra Dharma to lure voters, people are now discussing how he actually preaches settlement dharma.\"Sources in Congress said the attack stems from unrest in the party over \"soft stand\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305109", "title": "Illegalities galore in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Mining without licences, mining outside leases, transportation of raised mineral without lawful authority, forging or misusing valid transportation permits and using forged transport permits and other documents for the transport, trade and export of minerals are some illegalities found in Goa's mining sector, states the Shah commission report.The commission also found companies mining without the state government's approval for transfer of concession (lease) and held that all the illegalities it had been commissioned to inquire into are under way in Goa.Finding a lack of coordination between two state agencies regulating mining-department of mines and geology and Goa State Pollution Control Board-the commission observed that in 28 cases of mining leases, both the departments sent information to the commission regarding the working or non-working of the mines individually and apparently without consulting each other. So while the mines department stated that a particular mine is not working, the mine was shown as working/operating by GSPCB, the report states.Non-compliance with EC conditions, lease agreements (if any, signed between the directorate and lessee/s) and other statutory provisions of mining laws and air and water pollution beyond tolerable limits were also noted in the report. It added that in areas where clusters of mines are located, no pollution checks or controls were carried out. Noticing a shortage of field staff in the mines department, the report observed, \"But at the same time it is noticed that the existing staff has also not been properly utilized.\"The state should have taken immediate action in the beginning of 2000 itself to recruit sufficient field staff, which was ignored, and this gave scope for illegal mining and corrupt practices, states the report.Going through the report of the state-appointed task force, the commission noticed that no proper inspection/action was taken either by the task force or the mines department. \"The whole exercise ultimately resulted in eyewash. In fact, this task force is without any force. Collective responsibilities are no one's responsibility. The task force did not make any dent in the rampant illegal mining in the state,\" observed the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16303853", "title": "State corporation made a pile auctioning coal blocks", "text": "NAGPUR: In total contrast to the claims of ministry of coal (MoC), the Maharashtra State Mining Corporation Limited (MSMC), which is a state-owned limited company, has not only auctioned two captive coal blocks, it has also formed a joint venture with the highest bidder for coal production.Well-placed sources informed TOI that the MSMC has not intimated the MoC about the auction which took place in 2008 and the JVs which were formed in 2010. The ministry is continuously defending itself in Coalgate saying captive coal blocks cannot be auctioned due to lack of provisions in the bylaws.Moreover, like several other private companies in the Coalgate scam, the MSMC too has made a huge windfall in the region of Rs205 crores even though mining operations are yet to begin. MSMC was allotted the blocks free of cost to produce coal for the small scale industries of the state. The JVs are formed in such a way that MSMC gets 51% of the total revenue to be generated from each block.Pertinently, the MoC in a show cause notice on May 31 this year to city-based Virangana Steel said: \"The allotment of coal blocks by the government is for captive purpose and not profiteering. The commercial use of coal is not allowed. The sale of shareholding for profit defeats the purpose of such allocation.\"Slamming the MSMC and the state government, Hansraj Ahir, the BJP MP from Chandrapur and member of parliamentary standing committee on coal, told TOI that the corporation's action is highly suspicious. \"The state is always crying for lack of coal at its seven thermal power stations. Small scale industries are shutting down either due to lack of coal or its high cost. MSMC should have been looking at producing the coal itself rather than putting the blocks in the hands of its JV partners,\" he said.Ahir, who is raising issues related to captive coal blocks since 2006, added that the MSMC's auction process too was loaded in favour of the private companies. \"The Re 1 per tonne it quoted was too less. However, the private companies bid for a higher amount. The coal ministry should immediately de-allocate these blocks,\" said Ahir who added that even Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh had conducted an auction. However, TOI could not verify the MP's allegations.In all, the MSMC was allotted four captive coal blocks - 3 in Vidarbha and another in Chhattisgarh. While it formed JVs with two private companies in two blocks, one got de-allocated and another was allocated jointly with the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board.The Natural Resources Limited was formed in November 2009 with Sunil Hitech which is owned by Ratnakar Gutte, the husband of NCP leader Sudamati from Parli in Beed district in Marathwada. Another JV, Warora Collieries Limited was formed with Gupta Coal in January 2010 for the Warora block in Chandrapur district. The city-based industrialist Padmesh Gupta owns several coal washeries.According to the agreement, the private companies had to bear the cost of land acquisition, coal production and all other expenses. A coal expert told TOI that the private companies would find it very difficult to develop the coal blocks according to the conditions in the agreement.\"There is no mention of how much coal can actually be produced form the blocks for which the MSMC will get 51%,\" he said. \"The likelihood of the private companies undervaluing production is quite high.\"A senior MSMC official, who joined the company after the bidding process, said that he was shocked after going through the agreement. Managing director of MSMC Ramrao Shingare, who joined the company a few months ago, told TOI that the company had \"maintained transparency during the bidding process\". He was unaware if the MSMC had informed the coal ministry about the auction.TOI has in its possession a couple of letters sent by MoC to the MSMC in 2011 and this year. The letters are addressed to the corporation and not the JVs of which there is no mention.MAKING EASY MONEYMSMC's coal blocks and how much it gained from it* Marki-Zari-Jamani-Adkoli in Yavatmal district: 24 MT coal, Rs90 crores @ Rs37.06 per tonne* Warora block in Chandrapur district: 73 MT coal, Rs125 crore @ Rs17.11 per tonne* Gare Palma, Sector II, Mand Raigarh, Chhattisgarh: 176.64 MT coal. Jointly allocated with Tamil Nadu Electricity Board* Agarzari block in Chandrapur district: 137 MT coal. Auctioned for Rs232.90 crore, de-allocated due to environmental reasons", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16306206", "title": "Govt can't avoid tough choices", "text": "The time for the government to bite the bullet and take some tough calls is here. Increasing fuel prices or targeting subsidies more accurately at those who really need them are admittedly politically difficult decisions, but good governance can't avoid tough choices. What the government must realize, and explain to the public at large, is that a fiscal deficit out of control is not its problem alone. It will fuel inflation, which hits the poor man worst. The poor have more to lose from a policy that allows inflation to gallop than from one that prunes subsidies for those who don't really need them.Related Story  :  Govt facing 40k crore hole due to subsidies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310932", "title": "Yami Gautam inspires a movie", "text": "As we all know the Vicky Donor actress has signed a movie with Sirish that will release in Tamil and Telugu.Yami Gautam narrated a story to a Telugu director who apparently made it the basis of his story and developed a script. In fact, the movie is said to be releasing soon.Apparently, Yami told Ravi Babu about an incident when she was shooting for the Telugu film Nuvvila with him. She was staying at the Sitara Hotel at Ramoji Film City during the shooting and even Ravi Babu had stayed there. But when she narrated the story, he was quite scared and could not sleep at night. He moved out of the hotel.He made the movie Avunu based on this incident. The film Avunu is slated for release in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310349", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: CCTVs in Ganesh pandals in Thane rural", "text": "MUMBAI: Ganesh pandals in Thane rural have been asked to install closed circuit televisions (CCTVs) to ensure additional security during the Ganesh Chaturthi festival that begins on September 19.While there is a rise in the number of pandals this year, the Thane rural police wants the big organisers to put in place their own security measures. The police wants the organisers to monitor the CCTVs round the clock and alert the police of any suspicious objects or movement of suspicious persons.Parking of vehicles has been restricted within 100 meters of the pandals. Devotees have been advised against carrying bags to the pandals. The police have asked the festival organisers to rope in womens' groups to keep a vigil in the surrounding during the festival.Cops of all police stations have been instructed to personally move around their jurisdiction between 5pm and 8 pm till the festival is over. The \"All Out\" mission given to the police is to instill confidence in the public and to ensure that all security measures are in place during the festival. The police have had several meetings with organisers and community leaders. The civic administrations have also been instructed against giving permission for setting up pandals without obtaining the No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16305147", "title": "Former BJP MLA to launch mass contact drive to revive party", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With several mid-term poll surveys indicating decline in the BJP's popularity in the state, the party has decided to take corrective measures ahead of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in the state.In this context, former legislator Saryu Rai has launched mass contact drive with the party activists and people in all divisions of the state.On the directions of party higher-ups, Rai has planned his mass contact programme to elicit their views on the performance of the state government and at the same time rejuvenating the party cadres of the respective districts.\"During the course of my interaction with the active party members and the common people, I will elicit their views and opinions on the state of governance of the present regime in the state and also about the functioning of the party organization and submit my report to the party high command in the national council meeting (to be held in Faridabad on September26-27),\" said Rai. He, however, said he had launched the drive voluntarily.Amid reports of party cadres expressing disillusionment with the Arjun Munda government owing to lackluster performance of the multiparty government, the drive also aims to obtain party activists' preference vis-a-vis the party's positioning ahead of the general elections. \"Party activists in particular and the people (at large) will be asked to tell how far they prefer the present government,\" said Rai following his meeting with the Kolhan division party activists here this afternoon.Sources close to state BJP president Dineshanand Goswami said the Jharkhand's dismal picture in the poll survey conducted by a leading news channel had alarmed the Delhi bosses who asked the state organization to initiate steps to revive the party.\"At one hand, the Coalgate outcry has given us a platform to reassert ourselves as the natural alternative (to Congress) at national stage, while on the other hand we are confronting corruption stories in the local newspapers on regular basis,\" said a senior state leader alluding to the poor state of affairs of the government in Jharkand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306183", "title": "Call for M Phil and Phd courses in teachers' training colleges", "text": "COIMBATORE: Teachers training colleges should also conduct research in education, said Tamil Nadu Teachers' Education University (TNTEU) Vice Chancellor, G Visvanathan. He was speaking to the press after attending the inaugural function of a two day national conference on 'environmental challenges towards waste management in India' at P A College of Education in Pollachi on Friday.\"We want to make the university a centre for research in education,\" he said. Towards this end, teachers' training colleges affiliated to the university will be encouraged to conduct M Phil and Phd programmes in education. If colleges offering ME.d courses have faculties with Phd in education, and are accredited by the National Accreditation and Assessment Council (NAAC), they will be allowed to conduct M Phil and Phd programmes. Only few colleges are at present offering such programmes, he said.This is part of the efforts taken to improve the quality of teachers' education in the state, he said. Colleges have been instructed to take strict measures to curb absentees. On a daily basis, they email the list of absent students. University officials will also conduct surprise visits to verify authenticity of reports. Students with less than 75 percent attendance will not be allowed to appear for the examinations.Colleges have also been warned against charging more than what has been stipulated by the government. He warned that affiliations of colleges which do not follow instructions will be cancelled.Visvanathan said that more topics on teaching methods have been added to the syllabus. Content on Teachers' Eligibility Test (TET) will be made part of the syllabus. This will help trainees crack tests with ease. It will be made mandatory that BE.d students complete 40 days of teaching in a school.According to sources, four year BA.Ed and BSc.Ed courses are being considered apart from the one year BE.d courses which are presently offered. After completing class 12, students could join these programmes where they will graduate with teachers' training. However, talks are only at a preliminary stage. Similar courses were conducted in some universities earlier but they were not entirely successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308420", "title": "My make up man is my lucky charm: Manish Paul", "text": "I believe In God! I believe that God is watching us from a distance. I also believe in hard work and that a combination of the two creates a win-win situation.My lucky charms My makeup man. I don't go for any show without him. He has been with me for the last four years and I feel very confident with him around.I am superstitious about Before any show, I walk around the entire stage. I look at all entries and exits. I am superstitious that if I miss even one part of the stage, my show will not go well!Weirdest thing I have heard when it comes to superstitions I have a couple of friends who wear dirty socks for every show because they feel it brings them good luck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16305808", "title": "University rides techno wave with e-radio", "text": "NASHIK: The Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) launched its web radio service on Friday for its distance education students.Divisional revenue commissioner Ravindra Jadhav inaugurated 'Yashwani', in the presence of vice chancellor R Krishnakumar.\"Community radio cannot reach beyond 45 km but thanks to the Internet web radio can reach any corner of the world,\" said Jadhav.Krishnakumar said that out of the 406 universities in the country,YCMOU is the first university to facilitate this kind of two-way communication. In Amravati, Nanded and Aurangabad, Yashwani, will be aired on 3 bands.Students can use the web radio from their study centres as well and this is particularly for rural students where Internet connectivity is poor or absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305533", "title": "Building work ruining your nights? Make a noise about it", "text": "CHENNAI: Many Chennaiites are losing sleep in the night because of heavy construction activity happening during unearthly hours in their neighbourhood. But surprisingly, they have not yet been jolted awake by the gravity of the problem.Passing interim orders on a public interest litigation, the Karnataka high court on Thursday prohibited builders from carrying out construction and allied activities in Bangalore \"before 8am and after 6pm\". The issue had to be dragged to the court as rules were vague as to till what time construction activity was permitted.The situation is quite similar in Chennai. Prakash Challa, MD of SSPDL said, \"People in our country are not conscious about their rights. They tolerate a lot. They have every right to object to noisy works being carried out in the night. Complaints can be filed with police if builders continue to give trouble.\"Officials throw up their hands saying when rules are not clear, they cannot ban construction activity at night. Chennai has a handful of major projects and scores of small ones where construction happens all through the day and night. Chennai Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said, \"Rules are not clear about permissible time for construction. If a similar court order is passed here, we will consult the government and implement it\".P Suresh, a builder himself, said, \"Construction of a residential project promoted by a reputed builder near my house in Palavakkam is giving me sleepless nights. We do not do any construction after 9pm at our sites\". Similar complaints are being heard from people in Egmore, Anna Nagar, Thirumangalam, Sri Nagar Colony and other parts of the city where construction activity is progressing. Some builders have engaged workers in three shifts to ensure round-the-clock works and speedy completion of projects.T Chitty Babu, MD of Akshaya, said, \"On one hand we face an urgency to deliver projects in a short time, and on the other hand there is an acute shortage of workers. To make matters worse, heavy vehicles are not permitted into the city from six in the morning to 11 in the night. The only way out for us is to do construction in the night. But we take care to avoid noisy activities like hammering. We also take the neighbours into confidence whenever work is done at night\".Police are clear that trucks cannot be permitted into the city during the day. \"We permit heavy vehicles carrying essential commodities alone into the city during day time. Building works cannot be given such exemptions,\" said police commissioner J K Tripathy.Chitty Babu says a long-term solution lies in developing new technologies to do speedy construction. \"Technological innovations will also help us minimize manpower,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16306286", "title": "Corporators narrate civic woes to divisional commisioner", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A delegation of corporators met the divisional commissioner on Friday and apprised the poor civic amenities and the lethargic attitude of Allahabad Municipal Corporation officials.Shiv Sewak Singh, senior corporator apprised that the roads of the city are in dilapidated condition for the past several months and he developing agencies have not undertaken steps for ensuring the repair of the road. Former corporator Kamlesh Singh highlighted the condition of the Baghambari Gaddi Road and the clogged drains across the drain. The level of the road has risen. He apprised that people of Allahpur always face the problem of water logging as the drains of the area are not cleaned.Former corporator Anand Ghidiyal also spoke about damaged roads of the city which have not been repaired. He demanded that the agencies concerned should be instructed to complete all the works before Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16306299", "title": "Student union victories marred by violence", "text": "KANPUR: Chaos prevailed at VSSD Degree College on Friday as competing groups clashed after the declaration of results in the student union elections.The tension began during the counting of votes as students engaged in sloganeering and taunting against their opponents. Things took an ugly turn when the results were declared and rowdy elements among the students resorted to firing and stone-pelting. The supporters of the candidates hurled abuses and threatened each other of dire consequences in gross violation of the Lyngdoh committee recommendations.Despite tight security arrangements, it took the police some time to disperse the crowd and push the groups out of the college premises. Sources said mild force was used by the police in the process. However, the students then tried to block traffic on Nawabganj road, leading to problems for locals from Nawabganj, Vishnupuri, and Raina Market. The police and the PAC personnel eventually took control of the situation and warned the students against resorting to violence.The teachers and the staff at the college spent the day in fear due to the indiscipline and violence.The authorities at VSSD College declared Deepu Kumar Sagar and Hitesh Singh as the newly elected president and general secretary of the student body. While Deepu received 1320 votes, his competitor Sudhanshu Mishra could manage only 587 votes. Hitesh received 1244 votes against his nearest rival Shashank Shekhar Singh's 1020 votes. The total votes polled were 2450, informed the college authorities. The winners celebrated their victory by distributing sweets and were administered oath on Friday evening.The situation was slightly better but far from ideal at Harsahay Degree College student body elections the same day. Here too, the students pelted stones and created a ruckus, leading to led to chaos and panic on P Road where the college is situated. However, no one was injured in the violence. The police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the student crowd. Traffic movement remained affected from Vankhandeshwar Temple crossing to Bajariya as some students formed a motorcycle chain on P Road. Playing cautious, shopkeepers in the area closed their establishment.While Abhay Tripathi who bagged 295 votes was elected for the president's post, Saurabh Prajapati with 350 votes was elected as the new general secretary by the voters. Shivam Tiwari with 234 votes was declared the new vice-president at the college. Ashish Mishra defeated his nearest rival by bagging 387 votes and was elected to the post of joint secretary. A total of 742 votes were polled. The police did not allow the winners to take out victory processions to prevent any clashes. The supporters of the candidates who were not in possession of their identity cards were denied entry into the college premises and could not cast their votes.The elections were also held at girls' degree colleges, including Gurunank Girls PG college and AND college. At Gurunank College, direct elections were not conducted by the college administration but the elected members the student council elected the president, vice-president, general secretary and joint secretary. Out of the total 77 representatives who had been elected to further elect the leaders of the student council, 56 turned up to cast their votes. Ankur Shukla was chosen the president, Soni Sharma the vice-President, Anchal Srivastava the general secretary and Tanu Ramchandani and Roopali Gupta for the post of joint secretary. A total of 17 candidates were contesting the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16306278", "title": "Varsity hikes fees, faces wide protests", "text": "DHARWAD: The research students who have registered for PhD in Karnatak University Dharwad are up in arms against the University authorities for hiking the fees exorbitantly. On Friday the research students staged a protest in front of Vice chancellor's office and submitted a memorandum to V-C H B Walikar urging him the roll back the fees.The University has hiked the term fees for the PhD students belonging to general merit category from Rs 2495 per term to Rs 6100 while the fees for the SC/ST candidates has been hiked from Rs 625 to Rs 820. For the general merit students in science stream, the term fees has been hiked from Rs 4420 to Rs 9250.The research scholars rue that the arbitrary decision to hike the fees suddenly would drive away the meritorious, economically challenged students belonging to general category from the University and deprive them of higher education. As it is the number of students pursuing higher education in Karnatak University is dwindling and such acts would further result in brain drain\" said research students Nandeesh Kadkol, Bhimashankar Halasagi, S Nagaraj and Shivasomanna Nittur.Sources in the University said the decision to hike the fees came in the wake of University facing funds crunch.However the decision has not gone well with the academicians who feel that the University instead of taxing the students should have tightened its belt and cut down unnecessary expenditure.\"The KU has been selected as Centre for Potential Excellence by UGC and gets huge funds. If this fund is used judiciously, the University can spare the students of additional burden\" said a former vice chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305492", "title": "Quick response, police teams to step up helmet drive from September 13", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Sub Area (PSA) authorities have said that the ongoing drive to use helmets by two-wheeler and pillion riders in the military-controlled areas of the Pune Cantonment will intensify from September 13.\"We will put our quick response teams (QRTs) along with the local police at the check points to ensure that no two-wheeler rider enters the cantonment area without a helmet,\" Col P V Mohan, administration commandant of PSA, said on Friday.Mohan said challans to offenders will commence from the end of September or early October and will be taken up by the city traffic branch of the Pune police and not the PSA authorities. \"The army is not into issuing challans. The police will be taking such action in due course,\" he said.For now, the drive continues to focus on creating awareness among two-wheeler riders for the need to wear helmets while driving and its safety benefits. \"We have been returning people driving without helmets back from the check points and will continue with the awareness measures for the next few days,\" said Col (General Staff) R Sharma of the PSA.The PSA had started with the helmet drive on September 1 from three check points at the Circuit House junction, which connects Koregaon Park with Rajendra Sinhji Institute road; the Council Hall junction, which leads to the Southern Command Headquarters, and the junction near Ghorpadi grounds. The corps of military police personnel and the traffic police jointly manned these locations. Two-wheeler riders, driving without helmets, were stopped and told about the need to wear helmets. The PSA has roped in the services of students from different schools in the cantonment areas on each day of the drive.On Friday though, the authorities had shifted focus of their check point activity to other areas such as the junction near the Armed Forces Medical College, Victoria Road, Nehru Marg, Staveley Road and the road from RWITC to Alexander Road.\"We had to shift focus to other areas as our people at the initial three check points were deployed for the preparatory work for the combat display planned during the Southern Command Gold Cup Race on September 9,\" said Mohan.The race will be held at the Royal Western India Turf Club while a military band display and combat demonstration has been planned for the occasion. Activities such as sky diving, slithering, manoeuvre drills by tanks and infantry combat vehicles and helicopter landing will be carried out.On Friday, several two-wheeler riders without helmets were sent back from the check point near the St Mary's Church. One of the two-wheeler riders, Rajendra Deshmukh of Hadapsar, asked the military police as to why he was stopped. Deshmukh tried arguing with the military police, he was told politely to follow the rule for his own safety.Raja Chavan, a resident of New Modikhana, who was riding pillion without a helmet, was advised to starting using one. \"Such intiatives won't last for long,\" an irritated Chavan muttered.Sarla Jadhav of Fatima Nagar, who was driving without a helmet, appreciated the effort made by the army in sensitising the public at large, but she suggested that instead of targeting cantonment area, the helmet rule should also be implemented in the PMC and PCMC areas.IT professional Neha Singh of Koregaon Park, who was stopped for riding a two-wheeler without a helmet, advised the traffic police to ensure that the army men park their vehicles properly in the civil areas of the cantonment.She complained that the army will first have to discipline its own men who are regularly found flouting traffic rules instead of forcing civilians to wear helmets.Scooter rider Rohit Sanghvi of Market Yard was stopped because he was not wearing the helmet he was carrying while entering the cantonment limits. Sanghvi wore the helmet on a request made by the traffic police, but he had s feeling that making helmets compulsory will deter public from using the roads maintained by the army due to which traffic congestions will increase on the other roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16306250", "title": "2 killed in accident", "text": "BELGAUM: Two persons were killed and four others injured when a driver lost control of his jeep at Herebagyavadi here on Thursday night.Ragavendra Vittal Rao Manogoli, 53, of Saakimala of Dharwad district and Mahadev Dundappa Allur, 30, of Gokak taluk were the two killed on the spot.The incident occurred when the driver lost control of the vehicle and rammed into a roadside fencing, said Herebagyawadi police.The jeep was on its way to Dharwad from Belgaum.The four injured were admitted to Civil Hospital in Belgaum and later shifted to Hubli Government Hospital.All the injured are out of danger.Herebagyawadi police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309345", "title": "Vishnu and Viranica spotted", "text": "An interiors store saw unique decorative glass art on display. The themed evening saw decor done with shimmering glass pieces and guests couldn't stop raving about the detailing. Hosts Sakina and Sadiq Kapadia were seen welcoming guests and walking them through the store.Viranica and Vishnu Manchu who dropped in for a quick glimpse, were seen on the party circuit after a long hiatus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305585", "title": "Court clears way for T20 match at Chepauk stadium", "text": "CHENNAI: Four days ahead of the India-New Zealand T20 match at the MA Chidambaram stadium on September 11, the Madras high court has stayed a state pollution control board order banning any sporting event at the venue.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal admitted a writ petition filed by K Viswanathan, honorary secretary of TNCA, against an order of the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board dated September 4, and stayed its operation on Friday. The judges also ordered notices to the authorities, returnable in eight weeks.On September 4, the environmental engineer of the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board sent two letters to the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA), asking it to obtain clearance under the Water Act and Air Act. The stadium shall not be used for cricket match or any other sporting activity unless the consent orders were obtained by the TNCA, it said.Assailing the order, TNCA's senior counsel PS Raman said barring the cricket match at a time when even the ticket sale had started would leave an adverse mark on the BCCI's prestige and image. Noting that the impugned orders had been issued under an erroneous impression that e TNCA had not replied to a show-cause notice issued earlier, Raman said detailed replies had indeed been sent to the TNPCB.Noting that the newly built I, J and K stands can accommodate 13,100 people, and that on April 5, 2011 the CMDA raised the issue of Coastal Regulation Zone clearance for the project, he said the TNCA was not aware of this requirement til that stage, as planning permit had been issued for six other stands already.On May 16, 2012, the state government's department of housing and urban development accorded approval to the recommendations of the multi storied building panel for issuing planning permit for I,J and K stands. On May 24, the Madras high court passed a detailed order restraining the authorities from interfering with the use of the three stands for two matches on May 25 and 27.Raman said the stadium had hosted several international events, including World Cup matches during the period, and added that the international fixture was allotted in December 2011. Citing extreme urgency and that prestige and honour were at stake, he said the TNPCB orders had been passed in a callus manner and hence it should be quashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "16304561", "title": "HC notice to Centre, state on PCPNDT Act", "text": "JODHPUR : The Rajasthan high court on Friday issued notices to the state and Central governments, the Medical Council of India (MCI) and the Medical Council of Rajasthan (MCR), seeking their reply by September 19 on petition challenging the PCPNDT Act.The petition filed by the Sonology Imaging Society challenged sections 4, 23 and 25 of the PCPNDT Act, 1994, and sections 9 and 18 of the PCPNDT Act 1996.Counsel of the society, P S Bhati, said provisions of the act are in defiance of the basic nature of the Constitution. \"There is no classification of the punishments for different nature of crimes or violations of the act. The act amounts to intervention in the work of the doctors and contrary to their principal rights, and doctors, framed under the act, has no provision or process mentioned, under which, he can present his side,\" Bhati said in the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305939", "title": "Doctors, cops help ill woman go home", "text": "KOLKATA: Shamed by the recent spate of crimes against women, the city's image may be somewhat redeemed by the warmth it showered on a young mentally challenged woman.Finding Anupriya Dolui, 21, wandering the streets earlier this year, police took her to Pavlok Hospital where she was treated for her ailment. As she was pregnant, the hospital sent her to Calcutta National Medical College Hospital (CNMCH) where she delivered a baby in June. Cured of her ailment,Anupriya has now been reunited with her husband after a year.Anupriya wandered out of her home in Keshpur's Neradeul village in September-end last year. West Midnapore police failed to trace her. On January 3, Entally police found her roaming the streets. Finding her mentally challenged, they sent her to Pavlok Hospital.After treating her for five months, doctors at Pavlok referred her to CNMCH on June 7 where Anupriya delivered a girl two days later. After that, she made a speedy recovery from her ailment. She recollected her address and through police, the hospital contacted her husband Dukhiram three weeks back. He rushed to CNMCH at once.\"I am so happy to get my wife back after a year. Now I even have a daughter,\" Dukhiram smiled. \"My wife was being treated for mental ailmentby a kabiraj because that is all we can afford,\" he said.\"A board was formed to treat Anupriya. We are happy that she recovered and was united with her family,\" said CNMCH medical superintendent and vice-principal, Dr Parthapratim Pradhan.Though Anupriya could have been discharged on June 12 from the hospital after the delivery, authorities at CNMCH decided to treat her for her ailment. She has been lodged in the hospital for the over three months now. Nurses and other staff members took care of the baby, provided Anupriya with necessities like clothing. Her husband was also provided food and place to stay in the hospital premises all these days. Though Anupriya was officially discharged from the hospital on Friday through the court, the couple will head for their Keshpur home on Saturday with their bundle of joy and monetary fund collected by the hospital staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16305984", "title": "Twin quakes jolt China, 64 killed; over 700 hurt", "text": "BEIJING: At least 64 people were killed and over 700 hurt as two magnitude 5.6 earthquakes rocked China's southwestern Yunnan and Guizhou provinces on Friday. The midday quakes that took place one hour apart affected 700,000 people, official sources said.Some of the affected villages remained blocked by fallen rocks and debris, suggesting that the death toll might go up. The worst-hit areas may have lost power and communications, the official Xinhua news agency said quoting local officials.\"The hardest part of the rescue now is traffic,\" Li Fuchun, the head Luozehe township, identified as the epicenter, was quoted by the agency as saying. \"Roads are blocked and rescuers have to climb mountains to reach hard-hit villagers.\" Landslides were triggered as rocks as tall as four metres crashed into roads along the mountains.The China Central Television showed footage of people running from damaged buildings and streets strewn with fallen bricks and rocks in Yunnan province's Yiliang district, which is among the worst hit areas.The Yiliang county government said on its website that 556 people had been injured. The local government of Zhaotong city said 100,000 had been left homeless and at least 20,000 houses collapsed or were damaged.\"People started rushing outside screaming, it still scares me to think of it now,\" said a resident. So far, no casualties have been reported from Guizhou province, but the quake has damaged 1,540 homes there, Xinhua said, quoting provincial civil affairs department.A settlement of a zinc mine in Luozehe was seriously damaged. More than two dozen mining families have been evacuated out of their damaged houses.\"It is scary. My brother was killed by falling rocks. The aftershocks struck again and again. We are so scared,\" said a miner Peng Zhuwen.Retired miner Liu Linde, said when the quake struck, he was thrown three metres off the road. \"When I returned, the gate of my house had collapsed. Cracks appeared everywhere on the walls,\" Liu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16306930", "title": "District to get Rs 20 crore for power infrastructure", "text": "VARANASI: The district will get its share of around Rs 20 crore for improvement in power infrastructure but many projects still lie incomplete. In order to ensure improvement in the situation, night rostering has already been stopped by the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL).Managing director of UPPCL and Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) AP Mishra told TOI on Friday. He expressed helplessness in ensuring early completion of major projects launched by the department to improve power scene in order to meet the increasing demand of the densely populated Varanasi district due to one reason or the other.Regarding setting up of new power substation of 220 KV at Bhelupur, he said that until no-objection certificate is obtained from a committee under the supervision of the Apex Court, completion of this project is impossible. It may be mentioned that the state government had sanctioned the project of Rs 131 crore for improving the power scene in Varanasi.Former chief minister Mayawati had given nod to this project in 2007. Initially, it lingered due to delay in decision whether the project would be handled by a private company or by the electricity department. In 2009, the state government assigned the electricity department to handle the project.The department selected the site for the project at Bhelupur, where a thermal power generation unit existed in the past. The works of laying underground cable was completed between Samneghat and Bhelupur. The department had decided to procure power for the new sub-station from Sahupuri, for which construction of two poles in the midstream of Ganga was needed.The area where such poles had to be erected fall in the limit of tortoise sanctuary. Hence, seeking NOC of the forest department became a must. And, the fate of this project started hanging in balance. The power department approached the forest department to seek NOC to erect the poles. The forest department forwarded the files concerned to the committee to seek its nod. The officials continued pursuing the matter but the desired result is still awaited.Mishra said that after getting the NOC, this project would not linger as major works, mainly of construction and installation of equipment had already been completed. Many other projects of creating power sub-stations could not begin due to unavailability of land. The department was in contact with agencies like Varanasi Municipal Corporation to arrange land.He expressed hope for improvement in power scene in the near future by mentioning other plans. He said: \"For the improvement of power infrastructure and business of power corporation, a budget of Rs 250 crore has been received. Varanasi will also get its share of about Rs 20 crore soon.\" He said that he was monitoring the power scene in Varanasi to ensure that no night rostering takes place. It would take place in case of emergency only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308827", "title": "Alyque Padamsee in Kolkata for a play", "text": "Alyque Padamsee was in the city, recently, doing what he does best! We caught the theatre veteran performing Unspoken Monologues, a play conceptualized and directed by Alyque himself.He essayed the role of a lonely old man, taken over by remorse. Presented by theatre group The Red Curtain, the play consisted of six short pieces inspired by real-life stories, presented in two acts. \"The best part about this play is that it consists of an audience interaction session at the end, which we call 'Act 3'. This part helps us understand the psyche of the society,\" said Alyque.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305914", "title": "Mosquito larvae found in college lab, AC machine", "text": "KOLKATA: Mosquito larvae were found at the Rajabazar Science College campus on Friday, confirming fears that the Calcutta University-affiliated institute has turned into a dengue breeding ground. A Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) team inspected the campus and found larvae in a broken basin and some apparatus inside the chemistry laboratory, in an AC machine, in clogged drains and a gully pit. Larvae were also discovered in other laboratory apparatus, sending shockwaves among teachers and research scholars, many of whom spend close to 10 hours at the chemistry laboratory.The KMC has asked the college to clean up the campus within a week, failing which action would be taken. A research scholar and a teacher of the college died of dengue this week.A KMC team, led by local councillor Sadhana Bose, visited the campus early on Friday morning. It chanced upon a broken overhead tank which was leaking and instructed the college authorities to replace it immediately. The civic team also removed mounds of litter and cleaned up puddles of water that had collected at various places on the campus. \"Apart from the garbage which we removed, there were liquor bottles, basins and rejected apparatus all over the campus where water had collected. These were all larvae-infested. We have been asking the college authorities to clean up the campus, but none paid any heed to us,\" said Bose.Besides cleaning up puddles and clogged drains, Two hand-pumps were used to clean up the puddles.The civic authorities have collected a mosquito which will be sent to a laboratory for test. \"We need to confirm if dengue-carrying mosquitoes are there on the campus. We suspect that the mosquitoes are there,\" said the councillor.Classes were, however, held at the chemistry laboratory even on Friday. While the college authorities believe it's safe now that the lab has been cleaned, research scholars are scared. More could be infected unless the laboratory is thorughly cleaned and all stagnant water removed, some felt.\"We feel uneasy to work or attend classes at the laboratory. It has been extremely dirty for months. We had asked the campus secretary to arrange a clean-up, but nothing was done.But it's now looking better after the civic authorities removed the garbage this morning,\" said Subhrangshu Das, a PhD student. who is doing a PhD in inorgaganic chemistry at the college.Calcutta University vice-chancellor Suranjan Das said the campus will be cleaned immediately. action will be taken immediately to clean up the campus.\"We didn't have the funds to clean up a clogged drain at the campus. It has now been released and the work will be done soon. The KMC has been very helpful. We shall begin the cleaning operation on a war-footing,\" Das added.He added that a shortage of staff has affected cleaning operations at the campus. \"Recruitment has been frozen at the university which has hit cleaning operations. We shall take steps,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304204", "title": "They get joy through teaching", "text": "BANGALORE: You have to shop for groceries but can't read the price tags. You can't read the bus number and boarding the wrong bus. You receive an important document, but have to wait for someone to decipher it for you.These are just some of the problems illiterates face every day. And that's what moved educated villagers in different parts of Karnataka to lend a helping hand. They're unsung heroes who introduced the alphabet and numbers to hundreds of illiterates. Playing different roles under the Sakshar Bharath programme of the government, they've literally shaped many a future.People like Mahadevi G Jamakhandi, affectionately known as Teacher Avva among the villagers of Navalagi Gram Panchayat in Bagalkot district. She's a volunteer teacher under the programme for four years. She says she loves this work as teaching illiterates is a dream come true.\"I feel very proud when I hear somebody calling me Teacher Avva. I always wanted to be a teacher but I got married even I could finish my SSLC. I had to let go of my dream. When I heard about this volunteer work, I thought of teaching,\" says Mahadevi, who has educated 48 people so far.Things are difficult at times for her, but she says her family's support has kept her going. \"Apart from teaching illiterates from the village for two hours every day, I also go to people's homes and counsel them to join my class. I don't get paid for this, but it gives me immense pleasure,\" she says.Movnesh Chennappa is doing similar work in Raichur district. For two years this Aminagad gram panchayat president has helped 60 people learn the alphabet. Although not involved directly with them, Movnesh has been playing an important role in mobilizing resources. \"I ensure there are enough volunteers in the village to take care of illiterates, apart from making sure that adequate numbers of workbooks are available at the centre,\" says Movnesh.Although these volunteers get support from the government, they also deal with difficulties when it comes to getting villagers to classes. \"People are often very reluctant to come to the Kalika Kendras. For them, it's two unproductive hours in terms of money. Even if we counsel them personally, there are always a few absentees,\" says Vijaya Kumar, taluk coordinator of Manvi block in Raichur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306598", "title": "It's raining money for road contractors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Why is it that there are some roads, like Ashram Road or Panjrapol-IIM-A stretch, which need repairs only once in seven to 10 years, while many of the tarmac stretches that offered silky-smooth ride initially, suddenly became backbreaking after a few showers?Over the last few years, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has been promising that the new Indian Road Congress (IRC) specifications will help them standardized road quality. However, somehow this philosophy does not seem to reach the contractors engaged in the works and even the privately engaged third party inspection (TPI) consultants and project management consultants (PMC).While AMC engineers stammer for an answer, its worth mentioning that every year uncountable road stretches across the city need repairs every monsoon and crores of taxpayers money are drained into re-carpeting the surface. While you end up getting back pains, the contractor is kept happy with a repairing contract.\"What do we do when TPIs and PMCs are not fined or are held responsible for certifying the quality of roads. There is no political will and all these consultants are well-connected. Based on their certification, AMC engineers have to approve payments worth crores of rupees to contractors. On the other hand, there are roads like Ashram Road, CG Road or IIM-A Road were made under the direct supervision of the AMC engineers,\" says a senior AMC official.\"In Ahmedabad the soil type is sandy with just a Californian Bearing Ration (CBR) of 1 and when water falls on these roads, it drags away soil with it. This leads to an automatic collapse of the road leading to a huge potholes,\" the official says adding, \"We need to stabilize the base first and make standard ACC margs as per the norms,\" adds the official.The city's municipal commisioner Guruprasad Mohapatra says,\" The work on the new IRC specification 60 feet and above road widths will begin in October and tenders for 2012-13 have been issued. As far as the present roads are concerned we have ordered the contractors to repair the road surfaces with cold mix on a war footing. We have taken care that no AMC money is spent on these roads as contractors have to sign guarantees,\" says Mohapatra.Possible solutionsRoads should be laid between October and MayBetter coordination can ensure less frequent diggingMake concrete roadsMonitor contractors and impose fines for poor qualitySupervision of municipal officer at site is a mustPrevent use of substandard materialsFilling those holesCut geometric shape around pothole to be repairedClean and dry potholePour lime mix to suck out moisturePour in cold emulsion (bitumen water and chemicals)Fill bituminous macadam in the potholeEnsure 21 days of road rollingPothole repairs during monsoon do not workNo repair can stand monsoon wetness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16311060", "title": "Southwest monsoon normal in 18 districts in Karnataka.", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in three districts; fairly widespread in three others; scattered in 11; isolated in 12; and negligible in one district in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday.Southwest monsoon was active in two districts; normal in 18 districts; weak in 10 districts. Rather heavy rain was recorded in five districts; moderate rain in 16 districts, light rain in eight districts, and very light rain in one district.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned last 24-hours is considered as scattered since 32% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Belvatti in Belgaum taluk of Belgaum district recorded maximum rainfall of 61.5mm in the above 24-hours in the state. Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Uttara Kannada, Kodagu, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts.Fairly widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain received in Shimoga, Belgaum and Bidar; scattered, moderate to rather heavy rain received in Gulbarga, Hassan, Yadgir, Chikmagalur, Gadag, Raichur, Haveri, Bijapura, Koppal and Dharwad; isolated, light to moderate rain received in Chikkaballapur, Chamarajanagar, Chitradurga, Bagalkot, Mysore, Kolar, Mandya, Davangere, Bangalore urban and rural, Tumkur, and Ramanagara.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 8 has recorded deficit rainfall of 21%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 710.2mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 563mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 8, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 4mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 3.3mm, a surplus of 21%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304528", "title": "Resident doctors resume work", "text": "JAIPUR: The resident doctors resumed duty late on Friday evening after two days of mass leave that crippled the medical services in six medical colleges of the state.Around 3,000 resident doctors went on mass leave in Jaipur, Ajmer, Bikaner, Udaipur, Jodhpur and Kota.Representatives of the agitating doctors were demanding that the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences (RUHS) give in writing the decision of the state government on the pattern of PG examination. Rajasthan Association of Resident Doctors president Dr Ashok Jhajharia said, \"The registrar of RUHS has given us in writing that the university will follow the decision of state government on conducting PG examination on the basis of old pattern. The resident doctors were protesting against the new pattern introduced by the RUHS.\"The representatives held a meeting with the RUHS officials here on the issue. Moreover, regarding the resident doctors' demand for arrest of a patient's attendant, who was involved in scuffle with a resident doctor on July 8 in Udaipur, the medical college assured them that the divisional commissioner of Udaipur would investigate the matter.The resident doctors' another demand was that their salaries for two days of mass leave should not be deducted. \"The principal and controller of SMS hospital has assured us that he would talk to the state government in this regard,\" Dr Jhajharia said.Their demand related to salaries and stipend of in service resident doctors has been already accepted by the state government. \"The situation could have been avoided if the state government did the same earlier. The resident doctors had been protesting for seven months,\" said All Rajasthan In Service Doctors Association general secretary Dr Nasrin Bharti.Meanwhile, patients continued to suffer on the second consecutive day of mass leave. The medical directorate deployed additional doctors at the SMS hospital's OPD and IPD to save patients from inconvenience.SMS hospital administration said, \"We sought help from the medical directorate to ensure that medical services remained unaffected. They sent 30 doctors to the hospital as a substitute.\"The 30 doctors were deployed at the indoor wards of the SMS hospital. Also, they were deployed at emergency wards and ICUs so that serious patients face no problems.However, many minor operations were postponed on the second day of leave, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16306732", "title": "CD case: Virbhadra, Pratibha appear in court", "text": "SHIMLA: Having failed to get quashed a case registered under Prevention of Corruption (PC) Act, former Union minister Virbhadra Singh and his wife Pratibha Singh appeared before a court here on Friday and pleaded for a speedy trial.However, the public prosecutor made a strong plea for cancellation of their bail and alleged that the prosecution had enough evidence against the accused. Special public prosecutor Jiwan Lal Sharma demanded early hearing of the application seeking cancellation of bail before trial in the case could begin.Special Judge B J Soni listed the case for September 12. The proceedings lasted barely 10 minutes in a court that was jampacked.The trail before the special judge resumed after Virbhadra withdrew three petitions from the high court that had sought cancellation of the FIR in the case and one had also pleaded that the matter be investigated by an independent agency.Earlier on June 25, the trail court before framing charges under Section 120 B of IPC and sections 7, 11, 13 (1) (D) PC Act 1988 against Virbhadra and Section 120 B and Section 9 of PC Act, 1988 against Pratibha, the judge had observed, \"the materials on record show existence of criminal conspiracy amongst Virbhadra Singh, Pratibha Singh and deceased bureaucrat Mohinder Lal.\"After charges were framed, Virbhadra, who was not present in court that day, had resigned as a cabinet minister from the Union government. The main charge against the duo is that they had accepted illegal gratifications for establishment of a cement plant and granted more time to a liquor company for adding an effluent treatment plant to its distillery in Solan during the 1989-90.However, the trail court had held a contentious CD, which the prosecution had claimed as clinching evidence about Virbhadra and his wife allegedly talking to Mohinder Lal over phone about illegal money transactions, as inadmissible evidence.The over two decade old recorded conversation was considered vital evidence through which the prosecution intended to establish a criminal conspiracy.On basis of the CD, first made public by Vijay Singh Mankotia, a Congress rebel, in June 2007, police had registered a corruption case against the five-time former chief minister of HP and his wife in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310864", "title": "Comedian Srinivasa Reddy turns hero", "text": "The latest buzz to hit the tinsel town is that character artiste and comedian Srinivasa Reddy would soon make his debut as the male lead. Srinivas, who is known for his comedy timing and punch dialogues, will be playing a hero in a film, which would be made by a leading producer. Srinivas started his career as a TV anchor, and later became a versatile actor in the industry. Buzz is that the producer was impressed with the director's script and has agreed to produce the film. The female lead of the film is yet to be finalized and an official announcement on this project is awaited. The actor is currently shooting for Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303516", "title": "Killers came loaded with ammo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pooja, the 22-year-old wife of one of the killers, Rajveer, and their 3-year-old daughter, Rashi, may survive the murder spree. The other killer, Manish, has a very weak chance of survival, say doctors.The incident comes close on the heels of a spurned lover going on the rampage and shooting five people across NCR three days ago. The police said the way the duo executed the entire operation was quite \"inspired' and may have been a copy of Tuesday's incident.What shocked the police was the huge cache of ammunition these men were armed with. \"They were carrying enough to kill more than 20 people. They had not only the usual kattas but also sophisticated pistols. \"They probably didn't even use the katta. We are still probing who provided them with so much of ammunition,\" said a source.\"There are too many similarities in the two incidents. In the earlier incident also, the accused Ravi did not hesitate in travelling from one point to another in order to eliminate his targets. The same happened here. Even he was carrying more than one weapon. And most importantly, the killers in both cases seem to have been spurned and shot themselves after the rampage.Had the cops acted in time after the first PCR call, some lives could have been saved. \"The calls kept on coming and the police was unable to react instantly,\" said a source.The first of three calls reported to Swaroop Nagar police station was made by Jyoti's brother at 4.40pm. It said his sister had been murdered. The second call was around 4.50 from Burari Road - the caller informed the police that a woman had been shot. This was Usha. The third call came minutes later from E-382, which is Rajveer's house. A neighbour reported that three people had been shot.Doctors at LNJP Hospital said that Rashi and Pooja had bullet injuries in the chest and the abdomen. \"The child's condition is stable. She has suffered two bullet injuries but fortunately the vital organs have not been affected. She is conscious,\" said a senior doctor.Dr Richa Dewan, medical superintendent of LNJP, said a team of surgeons was conducting an emergency operation. She said the condition of Manish and Kishan was critical. \"They were brought to us in a very serious condition,\" Dr Dewan added.One of the family members of the victim present at the hospital said, \"We are unable to understand how this happened. Rajveer, Rashi's father, tried to kill all his family members first and then shot himself. He is dead.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16306264", "title": "Shift offices in Bangalore to Suvarna Soudha: Forum", "text": "BELGAUM: The Belgaum District Action Committee of Kannada Organizations, headed by Ashok Chandaragi, demanded to shift the offices of different academies, corporations, boards and authorities to the newly constructed Suvarna Vidhana Soundha (SVS) in Belgaum from Bangalore.After submitting a memorandum to the chief minister here on Wednesday, members of the action committee said Belgaum had become the second capital of the state with the coming up of SVS. The government has decided to hold a month of legislature session in this building every year, but there is a need to find other ways of utilizing the building during the rest of year.The committee also urged the chief minister to replace M Ramakrishna, president of Karnataka-Maharashtra Border Dispute Special Legal Advisory Committee, with immediate effect and appoint a better legal hand from North-Karnataka who is aware of the issue. The committee also highlighted the problems faced by Kannada schools in border areas and demanded the convening of a meeting of intellectuals, public representatives and senior officials of different departments to discuss the problems of border area.Former mayor Siddanagouda Patil, pro-Kannada leaders Rajiv Topannavar, Ramesh Sontakki, T T Murkatnal and Shankar Bagewadi were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306555", "title": "UT police lodged false FIR, says Sukhbir Singh Shergill", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBI complainant Sukhbir Singh Shergill has dragged UT police to the Police Complaint Authority (PCA) for having \"lodged a false FIR against him and his wife\". The next date of hearing had been scheduled on September 10. A case of forgery and cheating was registered against Shergill and his wife Gurveer Shergill on April 19 on the complaint of Deepinder Dhaliwal, who was the attorney of Raman Uppal, director of M/s ICRMS.In his complaint to PCA, Shergill alleged that the case was registered without any proper investigation and Raman Uppal, a resident of Delhi, was not summoned even once for recording his statement. The complainant has also raised questions on the issue of jurisdiction in connection with the case against them. Initially, the Economics Offence Wing (EOW) of UT police had decided to lodge an FIR against the couple but subsequently, the then IG told his subordinates to summon all involved persons prior before the FIR.CBI sources said, \"Apart from complaining to PCA, Shergill also approached the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) through his counsel highlighting how senior police officers of UT police are being pressurized for registering a case against the couple.\"Complainant Shergill, who is known as \"Lion Uncle\" in Punjab bureaucracy and politics, has also questioned role of a former IAS officer and filed a complaint in this connection with UT police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305293", "title": "Mom, daughter not family: Lalla", "text": "MUMBAI: Retired IAS officer Subhash Lalla on Friday claimed that though his mother and daughter were allotted flats in Adarsh, they were not members of his family as per service rules.\"I did not inform the government that my mother and daughter were allotted flats in Adarsh since they were not members of my family as per the definition of the term in service rules,\" said Lalla who worked in the office of late chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh . \"By August 2004, all 71 members were approved, wherein the names of my mother and daughter were included. At that time, I was working as secretary of the chief minister.\" Lalla said that both his family members, who were allotted adjoining apartments, had got their Adarsh flats due to his late father who was in the defence services.Lalla said that he had orally informed Deshmukh about the flats and even wanted to recuse himself from handling the Adarsh file. \"I did not inform the CM in writing since it was not contemplated by the rules and practice.\" Lalla admitted that the Rs 2,000 income shown by his mother in her application form was false. It was around Rs 10,000, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16306008", "title": "Emerging Kerala pours cold water on thattukadas", "text": "KOCHI: The decision to close down make-shift eateries (thattukada) during Emerging Kerala (Sep12-14) summit has come as a shocker to wayside vendors and their customers. The decision was taken at a meeting attended by mayor Tony Chammany.Albin K A, an accountant with a textile showroom on MG Road, who is a regular at wayside eateries, said, \"I don't understand the logic behind closing thattukadas while 'Emerging Kerala' is being held. If the corporation wants to assure sale of safe and healthy food, then it should take steps to ensure quality and hygiene at all food outlets.\"While the summit is going on, the vendors will be left with no option but to look for alternate means to earn a living. \"I came to know about this move from newspapers. I have not received any orders from the authorities, however,\" said Jayankar, who stations his cart near Padma Junction.Meanwhile, corporation authorities said the decision to close down make-shift eateries was to ensure that the delegates did not experiment with street food as they moved around the city. It will also help maintain cleanliness.\"This is a preventive measure. About 3,000 delegates are expected to be in the city for the summit. The corporation has the responsibility to ensure that they are served quality food. As part of our efforts to prevent food poisoning and other health hazards associated with food, we will hold a meeting of hotel and restaurant owners association before the summit,\" said corporation secretary Ajit Patel.The city alone has 1,400 street vendors, including 164 thattukadas. As per statistics, a medium thattukada at a prime location in the city makes around Rs 5,000 a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310356", "title": "Ministers' urge for zero load shedding after sunset", "text": "MUMBAI: If the Maharashtra energy and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar is to be believed students in the Vasai region and Palghar taluka may not have to bear with load shedding during evening and night hours when their studies get affected.Boisar MLA Vilas Tare and Nalasopara MLA Kshitij Thakur recently met Pawar at his Mantralaya office urging him to do away with the 7pm to 10pm load shedding schedule enforced in Vasai and Palghar daily. The MLA's brought to the notice of the power minister that students were unable to study after sunset due to lack of electric supply.The local MLA's urged Pawar to shift the load shedding timing to mornings and noons when students are in schools and colleges and can manage with natural sunlight. Guardian minister Ganesh Naik was also present during the meeting.Pawar assured the delegation that he would discuss the matter with the electricity board and arrive at a better load shedding schedule. Pawar held talks with electricity board officials to know if it was possible to avoid load shedding after sunset.In several adivasi villages in Palghar, the tribals are on an indefinite hunger strike against the long hours of load shedding. One of the main reason for load shedding in these areas, say officials is the theft of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303870", "title": "No report of train running over Paras, says railways", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tattoo artist Paras Bhasin's family on Friday found some unexpected support for its claim that the 23-year-old did not commit suicide but was murdered, as Northern Railway sources said there's no report of a man being run over between 4pm and 5pm on September 1.\"We have a rule that loco drivers must report any human hit to the nearest control room. The message is relayed to the Railway Protection Force, which then informs the GRP. It's also a rule to halt the train at the next big station to examine the engine. If the driver fails to report, we take departmental action. We have found no such reports for September 1 in our records,'' said an officer. Although the divisional manager in Delhi refused to comment, sources confirmed the finding has been relayed to Northern Railway headquarters at Baroda House.The railway's claim counters the police theory that Paras walked alone from Pandav Nagar Metro station to the railway tracks near Mandawali. The crime branch, which is now investigating the case, however, claims it has found people who saw Paras loitering alone near the tracks between 4pm and 5pm on September 1. But nobody has claimed to have witnessed his death. \"We are trying to find locals who might have seen a train hit Paras,'' said a source, adding, train drivers rarely admit accidents to protect their record.While the crime branch has ascertained Paras' exact route, it still wants to examine two drivers of the Kolkata-bound Poorva Express and the Kanpur-bound Shatabdi Express for leads. Railways, though, has expressed surprise at the investigating officer's wish to examine the Licchavi Express driver. \"That train leaves from Anand Vihar. How will it cross the spot where the death is supposed to have occurred?'' said a control room officer.Police spoke to Paras' family again on Friday. \"We have found CCTV footage from his neighbours'. It clearly shows he left the house alone. He also entered Subhash Nagar Metro station alone. So, we questioned them about their claim that he left home that day in a car,'' said an officer.Police also confirmed receiving Paras' autopsy report. \"We have received the report and are studying it. It is being matched with ground realities,'' said DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305486", "title": "Citizens' group seeks helmet rule implementation in city", "text": "PUNE: The Save Pune Traffic Movement (SPTM) has sought compulsory implementation of the helmet rule in the city for two-wheeler and pillion riders. The movement has launched its 'Save 100 Lives' campaign to reduce fatalities due to road accidents.At a press conference on Friday, Harshad Abhyankar and Rajendra Sidhaye of the movement, said, \"Most two-wheeler road accident victims had not worn helmets. The headgear adds to the safety of the two-wheeler rider. It is unfortunate that in Pune, a significant number of people ride without helmets. Many say it is inconvenient, but that is only a misunderstanding.\"The SPTM has said that two months should be given to the citizens by the Pune traffic police before enforcing the rule. \"A specific date must be announced and helmets should be made compulsory in Pune. It is noticed that even police personnel ride without helmets. They must set an example and start wearing helmets so that citizens follow,\" Abhyankar said.Sidhaye said that the Pune Cantonment Board has taken the step forward and made it mandatory for two-wheeler riders in their jurisdiction to wear helmets. \"They have started prohibiting two-wheeler riders who do not wear helmets,\" Sidhaye said.The SPTM said that some people find it inconvenient to wear helmets. \"A helmet can never be inconvenient, but a safety tool and could save a life,\" Sidhaye said.According to SPTM, some of the major objections citizens have include wearing helmet is a personal decision, helmets are not necessary as speed does not exceed 30 kmph on Pune roads and helmets affect vision, hearing and may lead to accidents.Abhyankar said, \"Not wearing a helmet is risking life not only of the person, but the entire family. Secondly, even if riders are slow, other vehicles may hit them resulting in a high-impact accident. And thirdly, there is enough gap between the helmet and the ears which allows the person to hear without any problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304018", "title": "South corporation in HC against Gurgaon e-way firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday issued notice to the concessionaire for the Delhi-Gurgaon toll plaza, on a plea by South Delhi Municipal Corporation seeking contempt of court proceedings.The South corporation has accused Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL) of violating court orders by stopping collection of toll from commercial vehicles entering Delhi. Its counsel Gaurang Kanth argued before Justice V K Shali that the concessionaire was responsible for a huge loss to the municipal body since it stopped collecting toll from commercial vehicles, as about Rs 18 lakh is collected as toll every day.The corporation accused DGSCL of deliberately hiding from the Punjab and Haryana high court that commercial vehicles have to pay tax as per orders of not just Delhi HC but even the SC. The corporation maintained it is DGSCL's fault that led to the Punjab and Haryana HC passing adverse orders against it and that the agency is not responsible for it in anyway, so on that count it shouldn't suffer losses.Citing communication received from DGSCL immediately after the Punjab and Haryana HC order, the corporation alleged that the company changed its stand, first claiming it was stopping toll collection from the 4th night. Hours later, it shot off another missive to the corporation, saying it will collect toll from commercial vehicles but at the corporation's risk. Finally, at 2am on September 5, it informed the agency that Haryana Police has stopped it from collecting toll.On September 4, the Punjab and Haryana HC had restrained DGSCL from collecting toll at the expressway for 15 days, after observing that the concessionaire failed to check traffic chaos and free flow of traffic on the e-way. Gurgaon traffic police had moved Punjab and Haryana HC alleging the concessionaire is responsible for chaos at the expressway as they do not have adequate staff to deal with the traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303808", "title": "Governor's plea to shift garbage truck parking lot falls on deaf ears", "text": "HYDERABAD: Governor ESL Narasimhan said on Friday that he had repeatedly requested the GHMC authorities to shift the garbage truck parking lot at Khairatabad and convert the area into a park but that had fallen on deaf ears. \"I have been asking the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) to shift the yard from the junction. But, my plea is not being considered by the corporation,\" the governor said.Narasimhan made these remarks during his speech at the inauguration of an exhibition of scrap sculptures made for the Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11) at JNTU Fine Arts University at Masab Tank on Friday. Narasimhan said he had called the GHMC officials a year ago after seeing overflowing garbage in the bins at Khairatabad, a stone's throw from his official residence, the Raj Bhavan, but there was no response from them.The governor also complained about the lack of signages in the city. \"Hyderabad lacks prominent signages. Only drivers who are well acquainted with the city know the routes. Our city needs signages at all important locations,\" he said. The governor added that pedestrian facilities, maintenance of roads and other works should continue even after CoP-11 event. GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu said signages were being taken up at a cost of Rs 10 crore at all important junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305722", "title": "Plea against consumer forum president dismissed", "text": "CHENNAI: A petition against the appointment of the president of the state consumer disputes redressal commision was dismissed by the Madras high court which pulled up a women lawyer for her comments in the plea.A division bench of Justice K N Basha and Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, dismissing the petition filed by Vijayalakshmi Shanmugam, said there was no illegality in the appointment of Justice Regupathi, a former Madras HC judge, as the head commission. She said in her plea that Regupathi was appointed while he was functioning as a judge in the advisory board to review Goondas Act cases and as a one-man commission probing suspected irregularities in the construction of the new assembly-cum-secretariat complex.Challenging the March 8 appointment of Justice Regupathi, the petitioner's counsel Manikandan Vathan Chettiar submitted that the judge was entitled to daily allowance of 3,500 and that in the case of the one-man commission, he was entitled to 6,000 a day as sitting fee, on the condition that the monthly fee should not exceed 80,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16306934", "title": "Banaras Hindu University starts online learning for teachers", "text": "VARANASI: The Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University has started online learning and training (OLAT) for faculty members of the institute.According to convener of e-learning training, Prof Ramesh Kumar Singh, \"the training is organized under Agriculture Innovation Partnership Programme (USAID) to enable students in assessing the course contents in different formats like PDF, audio and video presentation. Once the course is created, students will be able to form forums, blogs and group discussions, besides putting questions to the authors and their fellow students.It will also provide space for online submission of projects and evaluation of students by the teachers. In his introductory remarks, the Director, Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Prof Ravi Pratap Singh welcomed the participants in the training programme and hoped that this would strengthen the classroom teaching in practice at institute and also provide healthy interactions between the teachers and students.Convener of the Programme, Prof Ramesh Kumar Singh and Vijai P, who attended E-learning training at Cornell University , USA, highlighted the objectives of the training programme and said the programme would improve the learning processes of the diverse group of the students enrolled in the institute.Information specialists from Sathguru Management Consultant, Hyderagad Ravindar M, is conducting the four-day training programme. Twenty five faculty members from different departments of the institute are participating in the training programme. Dept of Ophthalmology organizes a national workshopVaranasi: The department of Ophthalmology, Institute of Medical Science, Banaras Hindu University (IMS-BHU), will organise a national workshop on the advantages of a new machine - Optical Coherence Tomography (OCT) at KN Udupa auditorium on Saturday.Talking to reporters on Friday, head of department, Prof MK Singh said ophthalmologists from different states including Bihar and Madhya Pradesh would take part in the workshop. According to him, the OCT works like a digital biopsy for various layers of the retina. Various diseases of retina lead to changes in its layers. The OCT is used primarily for diseases of retina like diabetic retinal diseases, hole in retina, swelling of retina, early detection of Glaucoma. He said medical superintendent of SS Hospital, Prof US Dwivedi would inaugurate the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16306033", "title": "Suburbs see a spurt in crime, cops worried", "text": "CHENNAI: An increase in the number of burglaries in the city's southern suburbs is worrying police officers. A total of 36 cases have been registered until August 31 this year against the 43 cases registered during last year, according to police statistics.A string of measures, including conducting regular vehicle checks and roping in residents for neighbourhood policing, have been put in place, joint commissioner of police (south) K P Shanmuga Rajeswaran told TOI. Crack teams patrolled vulnerable areas from 2am to 5am when criminals are said to be most active, he said.There were 25 incidents of robbery in the southern suburbs till August this year against the 69 registered in entire 2011, while 166 cases of chain snatching were reported this year against 269 last year and 53 two-wheeler thefts were registered compared to 83 last year, Shanmuga Rajeswaran said. There have been 41 murders so far this year against 53 last year, he said.Increased policing and regular vehicle checks have proved effective and a number of habitual offenders who had evaded police for long were nabbed, he said adding that the number of burglaries in a few areas, including Selaiyur, Mudichur, Tambram and Pallavaram, had seen a marginal decline.A few residents seem to agree. V Arasu of Sembakkam said, \"There is regular patrolling in the inner areas. But on main roads, there were some incidents of chain-snatchings.\"In a few areas like Nanganallur and surrounding localities, community patrolling has helped a lot in curbing the crime rate, police said. Bulusu Sridhar, secretary of the Nanganallur Eastern Sector Residents Assocation, agrees. \"I can confidently say that ours is one of the safest areas where women can come out at night. While people in other areas take the help of security guards and patrol the area, we do it ourselves with the help of dedicated volunteers, including youngsters.\"Police commissioner J K Tripathy said the incidence of violent crimes had gone down and that organised gangs no longer existed. \"So far this year, we made 650 preventive arrests in a crackdown against criminals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309445", "title": "'One-day-one-book' campaign on International Literacy Day", "text": "On International Literacy Day, a city-based NGO will initiate a simultaneous nation-wide book reading effortToday as shadows dance and fingers talk, rosy-cheeked children in the mountains of Himachal Pradesh and wide-eyed tots from Odisha and elsewhere will be engrossed in an initiative that brings together 250 storytellers, who will bring alive the characters in Susheela's Kolams, the book chosen for an ambitious nation-wide one-day-one-book campaign.To keep its date with the International Literacy Day, Pratham Books, an NGO in the space of literacy, is attempting to bring together children from across the country in a unique book reading endeavour. Says Suzanne Singh, managing trustee, \"We have a mission to see a book in every child's hand. This endeavour is just one step in this direction.\"In Ulsoor, well-known magicians Prahalad Acharya and Nakul Shenoy will weave their magic through a medley of shadow puppetry as they take their eager wards through the twists and turns in the book. Excited to be in this literacy fray is city blogger Arthi Anand, who has planned a few add-on activities along with the book reading at Anand Vidalya in Vivek Nagar. \"We have a mixed age group that will attend this session. We'll have rangoli and drawing competitions for our young audience.\"And in Raichur, children from as many as 50 villages will be able to listen in on the story, thanks to the commando-style operation of Bheemasen A Kulkarni that saw him mobilizing volunteers to farm out to these remote destinations. As 250 volunteers spread out to cover every single state in the country and as over 70,000 kids in an effort to give the habit of reading, there is also a hope that today's effort will also find a mention in the book of records.Says chairperson, Rohini Nilekani, \"Millions of children don't have access to simple, joyful story books that can engage and inform them. We believe that the world of books provides joy, and so we must all put our collective strength to spread this joy to every child.\"purba.dutt@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306855", "title": "No substitute for teachers: Expert", "text": "PATNA: \"A teacher-student bond is different from other relations because it's a teacher who sows first seeds of information in the minds of children. No textbook or distance education can replace the importance of a teacher as he gives life to knowledge and demystifies information contained in books,\" said eminent educationist and former NCERT director Padma Shri Professor Krishna Kumar while delivering the fifth Madan Mohan Jha Memorial lecture at Chandragupt Institute of Management Patna (CIMP).Speaking on \"Shiksha ki samagrata our vyavastha ka vikhandan\", Kumar said a teacher learns from his as well as others' methodology. They are harbingers of a tradition and not dropped from the sky. Throwing light on the challenges facing by the teachers, Kumar said, \"Differences in social status of teachers creates problems. The stature of a primary teacher is very different from that of a university professor. Not only do their salaries differ, their required qualifications are also different. But all teachers work equally hard on their students, so why does the disparity exist?\"He added new technologies have made teaching a commodity that can be sold in CDs and the like. If imparting knowledge is handed over to machines, the trust gained over the years will be lost, Kumar said. He cited examples of use of biometric attendance system in a few Haryana schools and CCTV installation in various Delhi schools as incidents of distrust.Remembering Late Madan Mohan Jha who was a former principal secretary of education department, Kumar said he was dedicated to the promotion of quality primary education in Bihar by bringing about changes in the education system.The lecture was organized by Sikshansha, an NGO. The secretary of the NGO and Jha's daughter Niharika Jha said the lecturers delivered in the lecture series every year would be published soon.A book, \"Issues in education at elementary level\" authored by Awadesh K Mishra, K Anowarus Sadat and Subodh K Jha was also released on the occasion. Headmasters, senior bureaucrats, eminent scholars and educationists were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16306253", "title": "36% schoolbus drivers don\u2019t have driving license", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Officials of the traffic police department were left stunned after a special drive revealed that 36% of the drivers ferrying schoolchildren in the city did not have a valid Driving License (DL), and most had little experience in driving school buses, cabs, and tempos.The drive was conducted between August 28 and September 6 in order to check if safety norms stipulated for school buses were being followed in the city. A total of 452 vehicles ferrying school children were checked as part of the drive, and challans were issued to as many as 164 errant drivers.The officials noted that 44% of the drivers lacked sufficient knowledge of traffic rules and regulations, and knew little about the fitness of their vehicles.Traffic Inspector IP Singh told TOI that a total of Rs. 9,400 was realised as fine from the errant drivers during the drive and they have been given strict instructions to follow the traffic norms, failing which their vehicles would be seized.He further said the drivers have been asked to follow 14 specific points with regard to the safety measures that they need to observe while ferrying schoolchildren. These include the mention of the 'school vehicle' and 'on school duty' on the front and back of vehicles, limiting the number of children to be ferried in each bus, carrying a first aid box and fire fighting arrangements, and installation of horizontal grills on the bus windows.Moreover, the drivers should have at least five years' driving experience and the school's name and telephone number should be written on the vehicles. In addition, the driver should be assisted by an experienced person, and the vehicles should be physically fit with emergency gates.Singh said senior police officials have already held meetings with school and college authorities as well as RTO officials and transport association members, and have asked them to take all necessary steps to ensure the safety of schoolchildren.The parents of the children also expressed concern about the findings, and said the safety of children was of utmost importance. Vijay Tiwari, father of Akhil Tiwari, a class III student at a reputed school said, \"children's safety should be top priority, and there should be laxity on the part of drivers and school authorities in this regard.\"Ajay Tripathi, the father of Tanmay Tripathi said the parents show a lot of trust in the drivers by giving them the custody of their children, and appealed to them to therefore act responsibly. However, he said when children apprise their parents about reckless driving, the latter should not sit idle and must either use an alternative conveyance, or lodge complaints with the authorities concerned.\"We are thankful to the traffic police authorities for conducting such drives, and these should be conducted at regular intervals,\" said Aditi Pandey, mother of an eight year old. She said working couples as in her family had no options but to rely on tempos and cabs to pick and drop their children from schools.With over 600 tempos, cabs, buses and autos ferrying thousands of children in the city, the traffic police have made it clear that similar drives would be conducted frequently for the safety of schoolchildren. SSP Mohit Aggrawal said, \"The safety of school children is our priority, and a set of guidelines has already been issued for the drivers.\"The traffic police noticed that several vehicles went off the streets after the launch of the drive, and these are believed to be those run on LPG cylinders. \"There is no issue of the vehicle is fitted with an authorised LPG kit, but cabs running on LPG illegaly would be dealt with strictly,\" said an official.Though the RTO and traffic police department have laid down stringent guidelines concerning school vehicles, the fact is that these are rarely followed on ground level. As per norms, a school cab must have a speed governor, fire extinguisher, suitable space for keeping school bags and a first aid kit. The authorities have also made it clear that a school cab cannot have more than eight children including the driver, but most are overloaded with 14 to 16 children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304890", "title": "Allahabad High Court relief to RIL in VAT case imposition on RIL", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a jolt to the state government, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday ruled that the state government cannot realise Value-Added Tax (VAT) from private players involved in inter-state transaction of natural gas in the state.The high court quashed an order passed by the UP Trade Tax department two years back through which it had imposed VAT on trading of natural gas being supplied from Andhra Pradesh via Gujarat by the Reliance Industries Ltd to its customers in UP.The court also directed the state government to refund the VAT realised from these companies so far. As per rough estimates, the state government would have earned Rs 1,100 crore as VAT for the past two years and the earning would have continued in the years to come. However, the court's order is bound to incur heavy losses to the state exchequer every year.The order came from a division bench of Justice D P Singh and Justice D K Upadhyay while allowing the writ petitions of RIL, the company that extracts and supplies gas to private customers in UP, and its customers M/s Kribhco Shyam Fertilisers Limited, M/s Tata Chemicals Limited, M/s Indo Gulf Fertilisers and National Thermal Power Corporation.The petitioners had submitted that as RIL has already paid Central Sales Tax on the natural gas extracted in Andhra Pradesh, therefore, the UP government cannot realise the tax second time by imposing VAT. They challenged the June 11, 2010, order passed by additional commissioner (grade-II) of the Commercial Tax department through which he had directed realisation of VAT from the petitioners who use the natural gas for power plants and production of fertilsers.For one of the petitioners, senior advocate Sunil Gupta submitted to the court that in the fast-changing economy and to keep pace with socio-economic developments of the country as well as to strengthen the national integrity, inter-state trade is necessary. \"Narrow 'construction' of Central Sales Tax Act or the constitutional provisions shall adversely affect not only the inter-state trade, but also the import or export of natural gas from India and abroad through common carrier pipeline,\" added Gupta, vehemently opposing the state government's decision to impose VAT on such trading.The court, while accepting the contention of the petitioners, observed: \"Multiple taxation shall hamper the free movement of goods (natural gas) during inter-state trade and would be prejudicial to the freedom of trade and intercourse throughout the territory of India and the unity and integrity of the country.\"Like Army and judiciary, inter-state trade is also a medium or measure to strengthen national integrity. It also helps the states to meet out their industrial requirements or public demands with regard to goods at reasonable price, observed the bench.On the other hand, the state government justified the imposition of VAT with the plea that natural gas was to be supplied within the boundaries of the state, and therefore it has right to realise tax under Central Sales Tax Act and VAT Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16308796", "title": "PM honours Mary Kom, Yogeshwar Dutt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday honoured Olympic medal winners MC Mary Kom and Yogeshwar Dutt at a gathering of top police and intelligence sleuths of the country.Both the medal winners were awarded Rs 22 lakh cash each and given a plaque by the Prime Minister amidst applause by top police officials here.An announcement was also made at the gathering that Mary Kom, who was till now a Deputy SP in Manipur Police, has been promoted to the rank of Superintendent of Police (SP).This is a rare instance where the Intelligence Bureau (IB) made elaborate arrangements to felicitate the sport stars as they both are enrolled as police officers in their states.Dutt holds the rank of Deputy SP in Haryana Police. Mary Kom had won a bronze medal in boxing while Dutt had bagged a bronze in 60kg free style event in the London Olympics.The Prime Minister was meeting the Director Generals and Inspector Generals of the state and central police forces at their three-day annual conference, which ends on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304087", "title": "BMTF proceedings against 5 BBMP engineers stayed", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday stayed further proceedings against five BBMP engineers in relation to the proceedings initiated by BMTF.Justice HN Nagamohan Das passed the order on a batch of criminal petitions filed by them seeking quashing of the proceedings.J Jayaram, AEE, Chamarajpet division, Narendrakumar, AE at Head office, M Rajanna, AEE, Yelahanka sub-division, KN Yadukrishna AEE, Yelahanka sub-division, and K Roopesh, AEE, major roads South division, had moved the court claiming that BMTF has no such power.BMTF had registered cases against them contending that they have failed to do their duty.Pascal bail plea hearing adjournedJustice HN Nagamohan Das on Friday posted to Monday the hearing on a bail petition filed by Pascal Mazurier, consul attache at the Mission of Consulate General, Bangalore, arrested on the charge of raping his three-and-half-year-old daughter.Pascal, 39, whose bail plea was dismissed by a city fast track court on July 26, has contended that the trial court had failed to appreciate the fact that he enjoyed diplomatic immunity as per the Vienna convention and also that the DNA test report has said that the sample doesn't match his profile.He has promised that he would co-operate with the investigation and not leave the country without the permission of the court if granted bail.He also claimed that the case registered against him was concocted.The fast track court had rejected his bail saying that mere mismatch of the DNA cannot be a ground for granting bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305848", "title": "Rahul may stay away from Cabinet, focus on party", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the monsoon session of Parliament washed out, the focus has shifted to Cabinet and organizational reshuffle in the Congress which is likely to be topped by Rahul Gandhi assuming a key position in the party.The reshuffle may be clinched by month-end, its importance stemming from the fact that it could be the last significant change of portfolios before the 2014 elections.All eyes are on Rahul who is tipped to move up the organizational ladder. The position he takes would seek to clear the line of succession in the party, projecting him as the prime ministerial candidate for 2014 polls.Congress is set to stress on the youth plank with Rahul as the mascot in future elections. The party is mulling if the move can be dove-tailed with a larger youth-oriented reshuffle, with elevation of some junior ministers in the government and giving charge of state units like Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan to younger party leaders.Sources said a couple of ministers may move to the organization to aid Rahul and prepare for the poll campaign.Rahul's ascent in the Congress ladder would settle the long-pending demand within the party.While the option of his joining the government was also on the table, sources said he is likely to stay in the party in keeping with his objective of boosting the organizational muscle.Some vacancies in the government are routine. While DMK is to fill its vacant slots, replacement to Virbhadra Singh who resigned from the government has also to be named. The rejig will clarify if Congress thinks any of its or ally ministers have to resign over Coalgate.However, the critical issue is if Congress thinks it is time to chop and change to give a sense of purpose to the government, aimed at wresting the initiative in the backdrop of persistent opposition campaign over corruption and a sense of policy paralysis at the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16306408", "title": "Arjuna may carry howdah", "text": "MYSORE: Which elephant will carry the 750-kg golden howdah at the grand finale of the Mysore Dasara celebrations this year? Will it be Balarama, which has done the honours 13 times, or Arjuna which did it once?With 54-year-old Balarama showing signs of fatigue during the five-hour procession, the authorities are wondering if they can entrust Arjuna with the job. But Arjuna is in the bad books of authorities for running amok during the procession and killing a mahout during a routine walk from a tank to the palace where elephants camp during Dasara.Off the record, an official connected with the celebrations told TOI that last year Balarama was seen shifting the weight on its legs at the palace with the howdah just before the procession. Wildlife activists agree Balarama is not fit to carry the howdah and should be replaced with Arjuna. A wildlife researcher, who has studied elephant behaviour, felt an animal cannot be judged by an isolated incident. \"If Arjuna had misbehaved and killed the mahout, it was behaviour at that point of time and it should not be generalized,\" he said. He felt Arjuna is sturdy and capable of doing the job with ease.Dr Nagaraj, a veterinarian with vast experience of caring for Dasara elephants, also pitched for Arjuna describing him a \"most cool tusker\". He said, \"His killing a mahout was accidental and should not be construed as misbehaviour.\"Mahout's roleA mahout's expertise in dealing with a situation helps them control elephants and the present mahout Dodda Masti is very capable, says Dr Nagaraj. \"I have come across many mahouts but Masti is very cool and mended Arjuna's ways in the past several years,\" he said, adding that Arjuna is very attached to Masti and his family members. Dr Nagaraj said a mahout's behaviour matters a lot and Masti is a teetotaller. Arjuna could be assigned the job of carrying the howdah - he looks good with sharp tusks and bright features, said Dr Nagaraj.What goes against ArjunaOnce in the late 1990s, when Arjuna and other elephants were taken to a tank for bathing, it trampled a mahout and ever since it's been described as a 'rogue' elephant. When it carried the howdah, it almost went berserk at the palace when dignitaries were about to flag off the procession. Later, it showed its rage at the busy K R Circle. Forest officials and its mahout had a tough time calming it down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304687", "title": "No court relief for pan masala makers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Friday granted no relief to a petition filed by the makers of a pan masala, Pan Vilas, and after clubbing the case originally filed in Nagpur with the clutch of challenges raised by gutka majors in Mumbai, said it would finally hear the matter on September 12.Their counsel, Ravi Kadam, argued that the product which was merely pan masala, and not flavoured tobacco like gutka, cannot be banned because it does not contain tobacco, nicotine or magnesium carbonate. ACT India, the Tata hospital-based NGO, intervened in this petition tooand opposed their demand.Advocate general Darius Khambata appearing for the state senior counsel Rajni Iyer for the NGO argued that pan masala was also veryharmful for health and needed to be prohibited. The state ban was on both.The HC bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar had earlier been assured by the state that it would not destroy any seized packets of gutka. The court has not stayed the ban introduced by the state government in July 2012on gutka and pan masala. In an detailedaffidavit, the state earlier said the ban under a 2006 law which is a central law and its rules notified in 2011 was in \"larger interest of public health\". It said the ban was justifed since flavoured tobacco was considered \"food\" even by the Supreme Court and under the Food Safety and Standards Act which governed adulteration of food to protect public health.********************************Mumbai: The Bombay high court on Friday granted no relief to a petition filed by makers of a pan masala, Pan Vilas and after clubbing the case originally filed in Nagpur with the clutch of challenges raised by Gutka majors in Mumbai, said it would finally hear the matters on September 12.Their counsel Ravi Kadam argued that there product which was merely pan masala and not flavoured tobacco like Gutka can not be banned because it doesnot contain Tobacco, Nicotine or magnesium carbonate.ACT India, the Tata hospital based NGO, intervened in this petition too and opposed their demand.The Advocate general Darius Khambata appearing for the state senior counsel Rajni Iyer for the NGO argued that Pan Masala was also very hamful for health and needed to be prohibited. The state ban was on both.The HC bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar had earlier been assured by the state that it would not destroy any seized packets of gutka. The court has not stayed the ban introduced by the Maharashtra government in July 2012 on gutka and pan masala.In a detailed affidavit the state earlier said that the ban under a 2006 law which is a Central law and its rules notified in 2011 was in \"larger interest of public health\". It said the ban was justifed since flavoured tobacco was considered \"food\" even by the Supreme Court and under the Food Safety and Standards Act which governed adulteration of food to protect public health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "16305987", "title": "Seems like there is no end to NH-47 troubles", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The national highway passing through the district remains in a pathetic state even after Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal and the district administration directing PWD (NH) officials to undertake road repair works immediately.According to the district crime records bureau ( DCRB), there were 177 road accidents on NH-47 last month, killing 26 people and injuring 170.Political parties and self-help groups have started strong agitation programmes against the apathy of the PWD in repairing the highway.On Thursday, All India Youth Federation ( AIYF) workers levelled the potholes on the NH at Ottappunna area in Cherthala, and CPI activists held a protest march to the office of the PWD (NH) executive engineer at Thiruvambady.On Friday, self-help groups planted saplings in potholes to register their protest.K Mohanan, a social activist from Kayamkulam, has filed a public interest litigation in the district legal service authority (DLSA) demanding immediate steps to repair the highway.The judge who heads the DLSA directed the district collector and the PWD (NH) executive engineer to appear before the authority on September 11.Counsel O Haris, who moved the petition, said the petitioner had also demanded that the district collector and the PWD (NH) executive engineer pay compensation to the victims of road accidents. K C Venugopal, on Thursday, announced that the state government had allocated Rs 2 crore for the maintenance of the NH.The PWD spent Rs 40 crore for repair works on the NH from 2009 to 2012. But the condition of the road remains deplorable and the people bear the brunt.Venugopal had also revealed that he had invited the attention of Union minister for road transport and highway C P Joshi to the pathetic state of the NH in Alappuzha.And Joshi had apparently ensured Venugopal that appropriate steps would be taken for solving the issue.PWD (NH) executive engineer A V Thomas said the government allocated Rs 2 crore on Thursday for filling the potholes on the 55-km NH stretch in the district.\"However, it will take time to complete the work. On Friday, we invited tenders for the work. It can be started only by next month. If the rain continues, the work will get delayed further,\" Thomas said.\"Potholes keep appearing soon after maintenance work. Absence of a drainage system is the main reason for this. In many parts, the highway passes through low-lying areas, and in the rainy season the road gets submerged. So we have decided to raise the highway in such areas and lay concrete tiles. We have also planned to construct drainages in selected areas,\" he said.The road also has to be re-tarred, but that work can only be started next year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305426", "title": "\u2018IT sector jobs not limited to engineering students\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Recruitment in the IT/ITeS sector is not limited to engineering students, National Association of Software and Services Companies (NASSCOM) regional director K Purushothaman said on Friday. He asked students to look beyond the top 10 companies for jobs.Talking at 'Skilling - The New Mantra' seminar, organized by skill development institute Dream Zone, Purushothaman said, \"We don't just need engineers for software jobs. Anybody who can do coding with skill will do. It is because of US expectations that companies look for college graduates.\" He said industry was keen on working with non-engineering students for IT, adding that it was a misconception that IT was only for engineering students.He recalled the experience of training Class 8 students for business process outsourcing (BPO) operations and found they had high retention skills and could understand the bigger picture. Other speakers, including higher education department special secretary P W C Davidar, said teachers should exposing students to various career options and equip them to become employable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabafd", "code": "16303944", "title": "Ex-Chargers executive moves Andhra Pradesh high court", "text": "HYDERABAFD: After having moved a civil court in Secunderabad against Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) recently, former Deccan Chargers chief executive Timothy Wright on Friday approached Andhra Pradesh high court seeking interim protection of money due to him in the light of the company's attempts to sell its IPL team. Keeping In view the urgency of the matter, Justice Ramesh Ranganathan has scheduled a full hearing on Monday(September 10), ahead of the closing dates for the bids for the Deccan Chargers tender, that closes on September 13, counsel for Tim Wright said. Deccan Chargers had on Thursday floated a tender under the aegis of Binviting bids from interested buyers for the IPL team.The counsel for Wright contended that the sale of Deccan Chargers was being done without accounting or providing for amounts it has to pay Wright as ordered by the high court of justice, Queen's Bench Division, London.The London court had on July 16, 2012, ruled against DCHL and awarded \u00a310.55 million to Tim Wright for breach of contract at 8% interest per annum till repayment which works out to around Rs 97.55 crore.Wright has already filed an execution petition against DCHL under Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure in the city civil court at Secunderabad seeking execution of the order passed by the London court against DCHL.In his execution petition, Wright has sought attachment and sale of various movable and immovable assets and properties of DCHL, including the Deccan Chargers IPL franchise and certain immovable properties in Hyderabad to recover his dues. The execution petition is slated to come up for hearing in the civil court on October 3, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304973", "title": "CBI files four charge sheets in NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: CBI on Friday filed four charge sheets in the special CBI court relating to financial embezzlements in the Lucknow-related NRHM scam. The CBI has chargesheeted as many as 40 persons as accused. Former CMO Dr AK Shukla's name also figures as an accused in the charge sheet. The CBI also found involvement of deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan, but the agency has not filed charge sheet against him due to his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306595", "title": "Ahmedabad got 183mm of rainfall this week", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city has received over 180mm of rains since September 3. The city on Thursday night and on Friday continued to received moderate rains.The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) control room said that that once again the eastern and western parts, and new western part of the city received good amount of rainfall. The city received nearly 23mm of rains in the past 24 hours ending at 8 pm on Friday.AMC officials said that in all 11 complaints of uprooting of trees were reported. Of these seven complaints came from the western part of the city. The remaining were one each from north and south zone and two from the new west zone.With the intensity of the rains decreasing, the number of pumps put to use to drain out water have also decreased. Of the seven pumps four have been installed in Viratnagar, two in Maninagar and one in Sarkhej.In addition, with the inflow of fresh water into the Dharoi, the AMC officials were continuously monitoring the situation. There was fresh inflow of 41,110 cusec in the dam. The water level in Dharoi was 605.93 feet while the dams overflows at 622 feet.Water from Narmada was also released into the Sabarmati river. About 7,821 cusecs of water was being released from Narmada main canal in Sabarmati. In order to maintain the water level in Sabarmati, about 7,091 cusec was released from Sabarmati in the downstream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305114", "title": "'Tourism industry will be affected'", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism industry in Goa will be affected by the decision of the Indian Bureau of Mines and Ministry of Environment and Forests to allow mining companies to increase their mining production, states the Shah commission report. It also states that because IBM and MoEF have allowed increase of production in the state, the impact of mining including illegal mining has already been felt. \"IBM and MoEF have increased production without proper justification purely on commercial grounds, ignoring the impact of mining on protected areas, environment and eco-systems,\" states the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304122", "title": "This surgery will make you smile correcting Chin, Cheeks, Jaw Will Enhance Your Smile", "text": "BANGALORE: Surekha Anand, a teacher in a private school in Bangalore turned 42 last month. Like every year she wanted to pamper herself on her birthday. But this year instead of going to a spa she decided to go to an oral and maxillofacial surgeon to do 'chin correction' treatment, which indeed improved her smile.Gone are the days when a dentist used to advise you to undergo orthodontist procedure before you turned 18. Today, even at the age of 50, it is possible to re-design your smile if your teeth and gums are healthy, say dentists..\"Today, dentistry has become advanced. Under the 'total face concept', a person's smile can be improved by correcting the chin, cheeks, jaw and wrinkles around the eyes,\" said Dr Ravichandra R Hebballi, oral and maxillofacial surgeon.Oral and maxillofacial surgery deals with soft and hard tissues of the face and jaw. If one has excessive fat on the chin (double or triple chin), it can be corrected by removing the fat surgically. \"If someone has deficient fat in the chin, it can be filled with the help of botox and correct it,\" said Dr Hebballi. He was participating at the Dentacon, at Healthex, 2012.Patients in the age group of 15-65 years are coming forward for total face concept, a facial makeover including cosmetic dentistry, say dentists.\"Some of these treatments can be done in one sitting and are affordable. Treatments like chin correction are done within a day and the case is treated as out-patient. It can cost between Rs. 30,000 and Rs. 3 lakh depending upon the type of the treatment,\" said Dr Rajkumar Yelle , professor and head of the department, orthodontist, Rajarajeshwari Medical College.Dr B Srinidhi, president, Indian Dental Association, Bangalore chapter, said: \"Many patients who could not afford orthodontic treatment when they were young or the ones who were not aware about it are coming for smile correction even at the age of 40 plus. Besides improving the smile, this procedure also boosts a person's confidence. I see at least 4-5 patients a month above 40 years opting for a smile correction.\"A click awayDigital smile design (DSD) is one of the latest concepts for cosmetic dentistry in India. Said Dr Srinidhi: \"A computer is used to design a perfect smile according to the shape of the patient's face. We first put the photo of the patient in the computer and then morph it according to the best suitable smile for her/him. Even lips, jaws and chin can be designed on the computer. We then surgically correct a particular part of the patient's face and thereby correct the smile.\"More patients in marriageable age\"Both men and women in marriageable age are coming forward to undergo smile correction under total face concept. They prefer to undergo this procedure preferably before they meet the prospective bride or groom. A person may have good teeth and healthy gum, but if he/she has wrinkles near the eyes or on jawline, it spoils the smile. This can be corrected by cosmetic surgery,\" said Dr Hebballi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305539", "title": "'All states must have citizens' panel to conserve nature' Many states yet to form biodiversity management panel'", "text": "PUNE: Noted ecologist Madhav Gadgil on Friday expressed regret that biodiversity management committees have not been constituted in many states, including Maharashtra, though the Biological Diversity Act stipulates every local body to constitute such a committee in its jurisdiction. The committees are to help promote conservation, sustainable use and documentation of biological diversity.Speaking on 'Role of citizens in biodiversity board,' organized by Nature Walk, Gadgil said it is the responsibility of the 2.4 lakh local bodies in the country to document information on available traditional knowledge and biological resources. Citizens can play an important role towards conservation of biodiversity through the committees.The biodiversity management committee can collect fees from any person for accessing or collecting any biological resource for commercial purpose from area falling within the territorial jurisdiction, Gadgil said.Gadgil, who has worked on the committee that drafted the Biological Diversity Act 2002, said, \"The most important function of the biodiversity management committee is to prepare a people's biodiversity register in consultation with local people. The register should be regularly updated in electronic database. It should be prepared by a broad-based study team that includes the biodiversity management committee members, students, teachers, knowledgeable and other interested persons.''The state government may, from time to time in consultation with local bodies, notify in the official gazettee the areas of biodiversity importance. But this is not happening at present, he pointed out.According to Gadgil, developmental plan of cities should be biodiversity-friendly. Greed can play havoc when citizens are in the dark. There should be strong motivation from people, he said.Citing an example, Gadgil said the 'Waterwatch' programme in Australia involves citizens' participation in monitoring the water quality. Under this programme, communities take responsibility for improving the quality of water, testing the quality and monitoring the same.\"Organised environmental protection should be taken up as people's movement and there is a need to create a country platform that takes good care of the environment,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16304145", "title": "Ajit Pawar reviews developmental works", "text": "AKOLA: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar stated that drought would be declared only in areas where paisewari is below 50 paise and which have recorded poor rainfall. He was briefing mediapersons on Thursday after reviewing the region's developmental works.Pawar said the last date for declaring paisewari is September 15 and appealed to all concerned to submit objections within the time limit. He also directed the district collector to send proposals for developmental works for government sanction.Pawar also visited the house of NCP worker Shivaji Korde who was killed in the Mantralaya inferno on June 22 and consoled the family members. He also addressed the NCP workers who later submitted memorandum on various issues.The deputy CM stated that the names of Akola district NCP chief and city's NCP chief would be declared after discussion with the party's observer.A heated exchange took place between Sandip Pundkar and NCP leaders over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306385", "title": "It\u2019s proved, Hindustan Students' Association did change the game in varsity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: SOPU shared its success with its key alliance partner Hindustan Students' Association (HSA) and a section of Indian National Students' Organization (INSO) that contributed to its sweeping victory.The Times of India had, on September 5, highlighted how the support of the large vote bank of students from Haryana would prove to be the deciding factor in the student elections.\"The HSA has worked very hard and we give full credit of our victory to them and our party workers who have slogged their guts out in the last five days and campaigned rigorously,\" said Harpreet Multani, SOPU leader. Kuldeep Sheron, who won the general secretary post and hails from HSA is perceived to be the one who would actually be leading the new council.\"We have worked day in and day out in the last one year to sort out students' issues. After a year of hard slog, our efforts paid off,\" said Sheron, who hails from Bhiwani. SOPU state president Vicky Middukhera added that the HSA panel had been strongly appealing to the candidates to vote for entire SOPU panel and not just their own candidate.Attempts to woo HSA members on campus were not made by SOPU alone. Arch rivals PUSU also wanted them as alliance partners this time, having judged their vote bank and ground work.They were perceived as \"game changers\" by both the dominant parties. While INSO has been claiming to have donned a \"secular\" colour this year by promoting candidates from all regions including Himachal Pradesh and Punjab, the core supporters however remain from Haryana.At HSA too, most students hail from cities and towns of Haryana, currently led by Kuldeep Sheron on campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16306084", "title": "\u2018Angels\u2019 to get Rs 10L to buy vehicle", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer has said that the social security mission will provide Rs 10 lakh to purchase disaster management vehicle to the Active Network Group of Emergency Life Savers (Angels) to carry out rescue operations and transportation of victims in the event of natural calamities and other disasters.Addressing the gathering after inaugurating the first response provider course of Angels at the Press Club, Muneer said the social security mission will allot the fund to procure the vehicle which will cost Rs 25 lakh. Angels hope to generate Rs10 lakh through sponsorship and Rs 5 lakh by way of contribution from the district administration.Angels will train 250 people in first response provider course.Executive director of Angels Dr P P Vengugopal presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310389", "title": "Four assault women cops in police station premises", "text": "MUMBAI: The Pant Nagar police arrested four people, including three women, allegedly for assaulting three women constables inside the police station premises on Wednesday night.The matter triggered when the accused -- a constable's wife Rajeshwari Kadam, her daughter Rashmi, accompanied their friend Mangal Banshakti and her son Sagar -- to the police station to lodge a theft complaint against the collector after they seized the household materials from Banshakti's house. Banshakti was not ready to leave the house which was supposed to be redeveloped. The builder tried to convey Banshakti but unable to meet her demand the latter approach the court and got orders to demolish the house,\"\" said the investigators.Police said that they tried to convey the accused that the collector seized Banshakti's household goods at Laxmi Nagar on court's order. But the accused was not ready to agree. When the cops tried to remove them from the police station they attacked them. They were booked for assault, not allowing government servant to perform their duty. They are released on bail on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305078", "title": "Marathi actor out on bail", "text": "PANAJI: Marathi actor Satchit Patil of Mumbai, who was arrested on Thursday from a beauty salon in Porvorim, was granted bail by the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) Mapusa on Friday.Patil and another customer Chalapathirao Dimmiti from Andhra Pradesh were arrested following a police raid on the salon in which five girls were rescued. The court agreed with their lawyer Swapnil Nasnodkar that they were not required for custodial interrogation. They were released on furnishing a bond of 30,000. Both have been directed by the court to report to Porvorim police station for seven days.The owner of the salon and three others who were also arrested were remanded to five days police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16309351", "title": "Separate cell in Maharashtra to end eve-teasing menace: Supriy Sule", "text": "THANE: A separate cell would be set up to free every college in Maharashtra from the menace of eve-teasing, MP Supriya Sule , who heads women's wing of NCP, on Friday said.\"Eve-teasing and domestic violence have become major problems in the state and need to be addressed on a priority basis,\" she told reporters after addressing a rally of young girls here.\"Separate cell would be set up in Maharashtra to make all the colleges in the state free of the eve-teasing menace. The Maharashtra education ministry and home ministry have been jointly working towards setting up the cell,\" she said.\"The single-point programme of the cell would be to ensure that there are no instances of eve-teasing in any college,\" she added.According to her the only solution to the eve-teasing problem would be to set up fast track courts.\"Police register offences in cases relating to atrocities on women, but they are pending in courts. Hence they need to be tried in the fast track courts,\" she said.\"Strong action against those who indulge in violence against women will desist others from such crimes,\" she said.\"From today, be sure that if any one tries to tease you in the state, one hand will be of yours and the other one will be of the NCP.\"She pointed out that though there was fifty per cent reservation for women in local governing bodies, they did not get any benefit as they were unaware of their rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "annecy (france)", "code": "16306079", "title": "Did family feud lead to killings in French Alps?", "text": "ANNECY (FRANCE): French prosecutors focused on Friday on a feud between brothers as they searched for a motive in the slayings of a British-Iraqi family vacationing in the French Alps.Two young sisters survived the deaths of their parents and an older woman in the family car late on Wednesday, as well as a French cyclist whose body was found nearby. The children were under police protection on Friday. The four-year-old girl has confirmed the identity of her father, mother and grandmother.Maillaud said British police have reported that the girls' father was feuding with his brother over money. However, the brother has denied having any dispute with him, Maillaud said. Saad al-Hilli's brother initially contacted British police after news of the attack and went back after reports emerged of a fraternal dispute, saying: \"I have no conflict with my brother.\"The former Royal Air Force pilot who found the victims said he saw a dark-coloured four-wheel drive car. \"It seems that a green or a dark-coloured 4X4 was seen by the man,\" Maillaud said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16306393", "title": "Dasara elephants begin trek from changed venue", "text": "MYSORE: The first batch of six elephants, including howdah elephant Balarama, on Friday ambled from the woods, marking the beginning of the Dasara-2012.The elephants will be in Mysore for nearly two months and will participate in the Vijayadashami procession on the last day of Dasara festival celebrations scheduled from October 16.A traditional puja was performed before they moved out of the woods at Nagarpura, a territorial forest area in Hunsur. Earlier, Gaja Payana (the ritual of bringing elephants from forest for the celebrations) was being conducted at Veeranahosahalli, a tiger reserve in Nagarahole National Park. But this time, the authorities changed the venue following Supreme Court direction banning activities in tiger reserve.The students of a tribal school and Tibetans presented a cultural performance at the venue, some 60km from here.Wildlife division DCF S N Devaraja told TOI that four elephants from Nagapura - Balarama, Abhimanyu, Arjuna and Vijaya -- and two from K Gudi - Srirama and Gajendra -- have reached Mysore safely. They were transported in separate trucks from forest areas. They will be traditionally welcomed on September 10 inside the Mysore Palace, where they will stay put till the Nada Habba concludes.The second batch of six elephants will arrive three weeks before the celebrations.Siddeshwara Swami to open festDistrict minister S A Ramdas announced Sri Siddeshwara Swami of Jnanayogashrama Mutt (Bijapur) will inaugurate the Dasara celebrations atop the Chamundi Hills on October 16. The minister said that earlier, they had selected litterateur S L Bhyrappa to open the celebrations. But Bhyrappa, who will be busy attending a literary meet in Japan during that time, won't be available for the inauguration.On the occasion, Ramdas presented title deeds to five families which were relocated from reserve forest areas under central government rehabilitation scheme. Each family received ownership documents of five acre land outside the protected forest area. The district administration will soon offer a possession certificate to other members of tribal community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16305207", "title": "Ponda municipal council talks tough on waste being dumped at its own plot", "text": "PONDA: A day after the dumping of two truckloads of un-segregated garbage by unknown persons at a site earmarked for a Golden Jubilee building project near Ponda police station on Thursday, the Ponda municipal council (PMC) has moved a criminal case against the perpetrators on Friday.Rukmi Dangui, chairperson of the PMC revealed that she has prepared a complaint and has asked her officers to submit it to the Ponda police station on Friday.The civic body has moved a criminal case under the municipal solid waste rule. \"Two truckloads of unsegregated waste were dumped at the PMC plot barely 100m away from the Ponda police station at Sadar-Ponda on Thursday. The complaint is an immediate action of the civic body to check further illegal dumping of the garbage in town,\" Dangui said.The garbage was covered with some mud. Dangui who is also a representative of the ward has revealed that she had received a call from a resident at around 2.30pm on Thursday informing her about the incident.She said that the PMC will identify the culprits and initiate action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16306124", "title": "Rights panel visits minor girl tortured by father", "text": "KANNUR: Kerala Sate Human Rights Commission member K E Gangadharan has said the commission would provide all help to the nine-year-old girl, who was allegedly battered with a hot stirrer by her father, at Mahe recently. He also expressed dissatisfaction at the failure of police to arrest the culprit.The girl, Fathima Fayiz, was admitted to the Mahe government hospital on Monday after her father, Fayiz, a resident of Kalleri Quarters, near Choodikkotta Mandole temple under Chombal police station limits, assaulted her.\"The girl has said that her father had physically tortured her several times. The commission has, hence, asked the Chombal police to arrest him,\" Gangadharan said after visiting the girl in the hospital on Friday.He said the commission would take up the issue officially after the girl's mother, Noorban Fayiz, gave a written complaint. It would also ask the Juvenile Justice Board to intervene in the issue.Though the hospital authorities immediately informed police, the cops did not register any case till members of the Mahe Legal Services Authority intervened. Police have registered an FIR and the case has been registered under the Juvenile Justice Act, yet the accused is roaming free, MLSA members said.The girl has injury marks on her back, thighs, and a nerve in her eyes has been damaged, said N K Sajna, an MLSA member.According to Sajna, Fayiz used to physically assault his wife and daughters Fathima, Misria and Nabeezath, who is just six months old. The couple's divorce case is pending in court.The local masjid committee has promised to provide shelter to the victim and her mother, and Mahe police have assured security of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16310447", "title": "Unfair to hold PM responsible for 'coalgate': Moily", "text": "BANGALORE: Defending Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , corporate affairs and power minister M Veerappa Moily today said it was \"unfair\" to hold him responsible for 'coalgate' as it was a collective decision of the screening committee to allocate coal blocks.\"The applications for coal block allocations were examined and evaluated by a broad-based steering committee with representatives from state governments, related ministries of the central government and coal companies.\"That the decision was that of many participants in the screening committee, it is unfair to hold PM responsible for coalgate,\" he told reporters here.The policy of allocation of coal blocks to private parties, which the CAG has criticised, was not a new policy introduced by the UPA, Moily said, adding, previous governments including NDA also allocated coal blocks through the screening committee.Moily said the CAG report on coal block allocations will be referred to Parliament's public accounts committee and later tabled in the Lok Sabha.The CAG report had estimated an undue benefit of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private firms in allocation of 57 coal blocks between 2005 and 2009 without competitive bidding.The Prime Minister had yesterday promised that issues raised in the CAG report would not be \"swept under the carpet\" and necessary \"corrective action\" will be taken even as he lashed out at BJP for pursuing obstructionist politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305650", "title": "Sinhgad edu society chief told to surrender in 2 weeks", "text": "PUNE: The Supreme Court on Friday ordered city-based education baron and founder head of Sinhgad Technical Education Society (STES) M N Navle to surrender himself to the police within two weeks while rejecting his plea for an anticipatory bail in connection with a case of cheating and forgery lodged by the Pawan Gandhi Charitable Trust (PGCT).The PGCT has accused Navle of usurping the trust's 11.5 acre land at Sutarwadi (Ambadvet) in Mulshi taluka by way of cheating and forging documents. Initially, the case was lodged with the Paud police on May 18, 2011, and was later moved to the Deccan Gymkhana police, which had registered a first information report (FIR) No 168/2011 on July 20, 2011.Sanjay Kharde, standing counsel for Maharashtra in the Supreme Court, told TOI, \"The court has dismissed Navle's anticipatory bail plea while issuing the directive for his surrender in two weeks. Navle has been asked by the court to file a regular bail application in the Pune sessions court after his surrender.\"When contacted, Navle said, \"I am yet to receive a copy of the apex court order but what I have been told by my lawyers is that we have two weeks time to surrender and move a regular bail plea in the trial court. We have two weeks of protection and will move the regular bail plea. Let the trial court decide the matter.\"The STES is one of the city's premier academic organisations that runs 21 academic institutions, including schools, and a multiple-bed hospital from seven campuses across Pune and one campus in Mumbai. The institutions offer studies in engineering, health sciences, polytechnic, management, architecture, law, pharmacy, hotel management besides arts, science and commerce.The present case relates to an 11.5 acre land that was purchased by the PGCT, which was established in 1987, for starting a school for the children of economically weaker communities. The school building was constructed in 2005 on a part of this land, admeasuring 57 ares (an are is basic unit of area equal of 100 sq m or 0.0247 acre), and an English medium school was since being run by the trust.In 2008, the STES entered into a negotiation with the PGCT for running the school and it was agreed that the school along with the 57 ares land will be leased out to the STES for running the school. A lease dead for a period of 35 months was signed on May 13, 2008.Prior to this, a couple of memorandum of understanding (MoU) related to the 57 ares land as well as the school building and the sale of the remaining part of the 11.5 acre land and a lease agreement for a period of 87 years and one month related to the school property were signed. However, the lease agreement and the two MoUs were not registered.A dispute arose when the PGCT sought back the possession of the lease property on the completion of the 35 month period. The STES insisted that the PGCT cannot ask for return of the property as the lease deed signed for 35 months was only a temporary arrangement and the lease deed signed for 87 years had come into effect on expiry of the first lease deed.The STES had published advertisements in local newspapers claiming ownership of the property following which the PGCT trustee Chainsukh Gandhi lodged the criminal case with the police. The trust has accused Navle of forging documents for claiming ownership of the property.On August 30, 2011, the court of additional sessions judge N P Dhote had rejected Navle's anticipatory bail plea following which he had moved a criminal application in the Bombay high court. The high court bench of Justice J H Bhatia had rejected Navle's plea for anticipatory bail on September 19, 2011, prompting him to move the Supreme Court. Navle was since on a temporary reprieve granted by the apex court in the form of an interim order, issued on September 23, 2011, which had restrained the police from arresting him till further orders. Later, Navle had filed two special leave petitions (SLP) seeking the apex court's directive to quash and set aside the FIR lodged by the Deccan Gymkhana police and grant him an anticipatory bail.On August 27, the Supreme Court bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi had granted Navle's plea for withdrawal of the SLP challenging the FIR and had reserved its order on the other SLP seeking anticipatory bail, after hearing the counsel for the parties at considerable length.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16311106", "title": "Now a PIL to combat religious fundamental organisations in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: Even before heat generated by public interest litigation filed before the state high court on the attack on young birthday party revellers at Morning Mist Home Stay dies down, a group of like-minded citizens are planning to move the High Court yet again on Monday. This time, they want the judiciary to take note of what they term is more virulent problem created by religious fundamental organisations that are holding the society to ransom.Thrust of planned PIL is to seek greater transparency in the manner in which organisations such as Vishwa Hindu Parishat and Popular Front of India and their diverse affiliates conduct themselves in public forum. The citizens hailing from broad spectrum of political forum , but strictly in their individual capacities feel that religious fundamental organisations are vitiating the communal atmosphere in Dakshina Kannada district for their own narrow ends.MG Hegde, social activist on behalf of these likeminded citizens said that the PIL would seek compulsory registration of all organisations such as VHP and their PFI and their affiliates. In addition to registering themselves before a competent authority, they must declare their book of accounts, posses a valid PAN card, public state their list of office bearers with address and contact numbers so that they become more accountable for their public conduct.Additionally, PIL will also seek that no such organisation be allowed to display any banner in public places that are provocative in nature. Damage caused to banners displayed by such organisations often lead to communal strife, he said. The court should ban such organisations from holding public meetings such as samajotsavas once dates for general elections are declared for such events too are reasons for communal passions to flare up, he pointed.Opining that it is possible only for judiciary to bring in such kind of regulation among these organisations, Hegde said it is time that society individually and collectively opposed their socially divisive agendas. \"Why should the society as a whole suffer just because a handful of leaders of organisations on either side of the community want to impose their writ,\" he said, adding the courts hopefully would take note of the sentiments expressed in the PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16303578", "title": "Valcke stresses on need for I-League", "text": "GURGAON: FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke was critical of the current state of I-League, the country's premier football competition, but emphasized that all the stakeholders should work together to improve the status of the tournament.Valcke was addressing the media on the sidelines of a conference organized by International Football Arena on Friday. It was attended by the visiting FIFA delegates, AIFF and club officials, and Chelsea CEO Ron Gourlay.\"I-League is not perfect and it needs improvement. That's why we signed an agreement with the AIFF to extend help in to improve the state of affairs,\" the FIFA general secretary said.Valcke also said that FIFA has no objection to the IPL-style football provided it does not whittle down the importance of the I-League.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305161", "title": "Every other boy is a criminal in these villages", "text": "RANCHI: Think of all the chain and cash-snatching crimes in your town, and you will find the K factor common to most of them. Kodha in Katihar ( Bihar ) and Kudla in Ganjam (Odisha) are emerging as training centres for wannabe snatchers. After the training, the youngsters branch out in gangs to different cities.A gang from Katihar district and one from Ganjam district were busted last month. The district police arrested five criminals from both the gangs and are still on the lookout for eight more. A police team was sent to Kudla last month while another to Kodha. SSP Saket Kumar Singh said, \"Boys move to different parts of the country to learn the tricks of the trade from seniors. Almost the entire village is involved in cash and chain snatching.\"In Kodha, parents encourage boys to become thieves, a criminal arrested on Thursday told the police. Kodha is a poverty-stricken village and most of the boys are school dropouts. Unskilled, they find it difficult to eke out a living as labourers and so they look for an easy way out in stealing and snatching. The arrested admitted they send the money earned from their \"missions\" back home. Kodha comes under Jurabganj police station.Kudla has a similar economic condition. Poverty forces youngsters to steal to support their families. Almost every second boy in Kulda is involved in criminal activities. Displacement is another reason why they take to crime. Shankar Das, 23, and Bandi Kaliyasa, 21, arrested last month, had informed the district police that several boys from Kulda were engaged in cash and chain snatching in Delhi, Kolkata and other small cities like Ranchi.The arrested were involved in more than 24 cases in Ranchi. Some members of their gang had managed to escape. They are still traceless. It is likely they have left Ranchi. The district police had in the second week of August sent a team to Odisha to verify the claims. City SP, Vipul Shukla, said another team has been sent to Kulda to come up with more details.On Thursday, three members of a biker gang were arrested. The police are looking for six more: Jimmi Yadav, Ram Yadav, Dom Yadav, Don Yadav, Suresh Yadav, and Raj Yadav. All the arrested used to live in a rented house in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305952", "title": "Mother seeks Sabitri help to get kids back", "text": "KOLKATA: Sagarika Chakraborty, the mother of the two children who were put under the care of their uncle by a Norwegian court, called on social welfare minister Sabitri Mitra at Writers' Buildings on Friday, expressing deep anguish about the children being kept away from her.Sagarika later claimed she was concerned because her children were staying with her elderly in-laws who could not take good care of them. \"The children are unwell and I have come to the minister to seek help,\" she said.Mitra later who heard Sagarika out, said she had called the child welfare committee (CWC) in Burdwan and asked them to inquire into the matter and see what is best for the children. \"I want the children to be back with their mother,\" the minister said.However, officials explained that there were legal procedures involved in this and they had to be followed. In Norway, both parents had given an undertaking to the court in Stavenger that they agreed to the children being handed over to Sagarika's brother-in-law Arunabhas Bhattacharya.The children - 3-year-old Abhigyan and 1-year-old Aishwarya - returned to the country from Norway in April, 2012, nearly a year after Norwegian authorities placed them in foster care, citing \"emotional disconnect\" with their parents, ending a bitter and prolonged custody battle. Back in India, Sagarika now wants to wrest her children's custody from their uncle.The children have been living in Kulti with their uncle and grandparents since. While Sagarika had returned to India before the children arrived, their father Anurup is still in Norway.A few months ago, Sagarika lodged a general diary against her in-laws in Kulti police station, alleging that she had been beaten up and thrown out. She also complained that the children were being ill-treated. Arunabhas had promptly lodged a counter-complaint, alleging that Sagarika had barged into the house with unknown persons and tried to snatch the kids. Arunabhas also lodged a complaint against Sagarika with CWC in Burdwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304538", "title": "Thackeray\u2019s Bihar origin \u2018100% right\u2019: Nirupam", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam on Friday backed party general secretary Digvijay Singh's comment that the Thackerays, who spend much time reviling people from Bihar as \"infiltrators\" into Mumbai, have their own origin in that state.\"What Digvijayji said is 100% correct. There's every reason to believe that Shiv Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray's ancestors belonged to the Magadh province of Bihar,'' Nirupam said. Digvijay had said that his observations on the Thackerays were based on a book written by Balasaheb's father, Prabodhankar Keshav Sitaram Thackeray, who was also a well-known social reformer.Taking exception to Singh's statement, Sena chief Uddhav had said on Thursday that the Prabodhankar's book was not an account of the Thackeray clan, but a research on the kayastha community. Dismissing Uddhav's rebuttal, Nirupam said, \"A family is part of a larger community. When Balasaheb's father wrote about the kayastha community, he meant his own family (was included).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305254", "title": "Aam Aurat Admi Against Gambling to protest decision favouring casino lobby", "text": "PANAJI: Warning that it would intensify its agitation against casinos in Goa, Aam Aurat Admi Against Gambling (AAAAG) has decided to appeal to governor B V Wanchoo not to give assent to the amendment made to the Goa Public Gambling (Amendment ) Bill, 2012, in the legislative assembly recently.The amendment has allowed casino vessels to take permission from the Captain of Ports to berth in inland rivers when the ships should be offshore, convenor Sabina Martins said, adding that it allows the government to have as many casinos any where in Goa by mere notification whereas earlier it had to be done by passing laws in the assembly. The government has failed to define offshore casinos, she said. At a meeting of NGOs, concerned citizens, women's organizations and AAAAG deliberated the issue and decided to write to all panchayats to pass gram resolutions not to allow casinos in their villages on land as well as in water bodies in their areas.AAAAG has also decided to organize a demonstration on September 25 outside the chief minister's residence to protest the amendments and decisions taken in favour of the casino lobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308846", "title": "Title M.J.'s daughter doesn't fit me: Paris", "text": "Paris Jackson has revealed that she is determined to prove herself and break out from being known as just \"Michael's daughter\".\"I love my dad, and I'm proud to be his daughter. I just don't think the title 'M.J.'s daughter' fits me,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"A lot of people think he's the only reason I'm making it, but I want to show that I do have talent and that I can make it if I try. I want to be my own person,\" she said.The 14-year-old had also recently admitted that her aunt LaToya has been more supportive of her aspirations to be a singer and actress than the rest of her family.\"A lot of people don't want me to do it, but Aunt La Toya believes in me,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling Glamour magazine ,\" she said.\"She heard me play a little guitar and sing, and she started clapping, \"Oh my God, oh my God.\" She really does encourage me; it's just awesome of her,\" she added. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16306853", "title": "'What if a train crushes a hippo?'", "text": "PATNA: A single bench of Patna high court presided by Justice Ajay Kumar Tripathi on Friday remarked that when a person (actor) can go to jail for shooting a deer, what should be the punishment for a train recently crushing a hippopotamus in Valmiki reserve forest in West Champaran district.The court was hearing a writ petition of the railways challenging the order of the chief conservator of forest to slow the speed of trains to 10-20 km while traversing through the Valmiki reserve forest to save the lives of animals. The court adjourned the hearing of the case to September 10.Justice Tripathi directed the chief conservator of forest, East Central Railway (ECR) general manager and the state government to reach an amicable settlement over the issue by the next hearing. The railways claimed that it was not possible to run all the trains passing through the forest area at 10-20 km per hour speed every day.Heroin: A single bench presided by Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh on Friday directed the state government to file a counter affidavit to a writ petition of the union of India disputing a report of the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL), Patna, that a consignment of Rs 90 lakh worth heroin seized in Bihar was not actually heroin.The union of India filed the writ petition on the ground that two persons, Mohd Shabbir and Mohd Kabir, who were arrested after seizure of heroin worth Rs 90 lakh from them, had got bail by a bench of Patna high court on the basis of the FSL report that the material seized from them was not heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16306434", "title": "Cop dies in the line of duty", "text": "MYSORE: A police constable, who was inspecting an accident site, was killed in a road accident after a truck rammed and injured him badly in Bilikere police limits here on Thursday.Nanjunda Shetty, 32, of Krishna Raja Nagar, a constable attached to Bilikere police station, was doing mahajar at an accident spot in which a senior citizen Mahadeva, 60, was killed at Jadaganakopplu gate on Mysore-Hunsur gate, when the tragedy happened around 9.30pm. A coffee seed-laden truck, coming from Hunsur side, rammed Shetty. Shetty was shifted to a hospital, but he breathed his last around 11.30pm.Nanjuda Shetty, an MSc graduate in geography, was doing research. He hails from Natanalli and leaves behind mother, sisters and brother. Shetty was cremated at his hometown with state honour. Police have arrested the truck driver.At Jadaganakopplu gate in Bilikere police limits, two fatal incidents happened within 15 minutes on Thursday. In the first incident Mahadeva, who was riding a two-wheeler, was fatally knocked down by an unidentified vehicle. Investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306786", "title": "11-year-old boy goes missing from Bal Kunj", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 11-year-old boy has gone missing from Bal Kunj shelter home in Chachhrauli sub-division of Yamunangar. Amarjeet was admitted to the shelter home by Delhi police just three days ago on September 3 and went missing on Wednesday.According to sources, he was last seen during the day on Wednesday and shelter home authorities failed to trace him after which the office superintendent approached police in the evening to lodge a formal complaint. \"We have started investigations after registering a case. We are contacting the Delhi Police to learn under what circumstances the boy was recovered by them,'' an investigating officer said. Police registering a case of abduction at Chachhrauli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305244", "title": "Mhada revokes redevelpment nod to 22 developers", "text": "MUMBAI: Mhada on Friday cancelled the letters of intent (LoI) (permissions) granted to 22 developers to redevelop cessed buildings acquired by Mhada in the island city. As the developers had failed to redevelop the buildings in the ten years since permissions were granted, Mhada will now do so itself.Senior officials from the Mumbai building repair and reconstruction board (MBRRB) said they had to cancel the LoIs as the developers were repeatedly seeking extensions to implement the projects on various pretexts. The officials added that in some cases, the developers had stopped work after constructing the building up to the plinth level as they wanted higher incentive developable space under amended rules. \"Such delays were causing hardship to existing tenants, who for years either had to reside in the dilapidated buildings or in transit camps,\" said a senior official. \"Mhada has therefore decided to redevelop the plots, measuring roughly 15,000 sq m, and provide affordable housing stock in south Mumbai. Details will be worked out in some time,\" the official added.The housing authority has also decided to amend the Mhada Act so that it can take possession of those flats in redeveloped buildings that tenants have refused to occupy even after sufficient time has passed. \"We had received complaints that some tenants had refused to occupy flats in redeveloped buildings. Taking advantage of the refusals, the developer in turn had sold these flats in the open market. Though such cases are rare, we want to prevent these incidents in future,\" said a senior MBRRB official.Officials say tenants refuse to occupy flats in redeveloped buildings saying on grounds like if the developer has purchased the flat from the tenant but kept his name to avail incentive developable space, tenants name illegally removed from list of eligible occupants, tenants kept in the dark of the redeveloped building, poor construction quality, the new flat has less area than promised, or legal disputes between tenants and developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304283", "title": "Suicide workshop emphasizes on need to 'ACT'", "text": "NAGPUR: Suicides are becoming a common factor in today's world. The trend is found to be more common among the youngsters. Feeling that it has become the need of the hour, the post graduate department of psychology, National Service Scheme (NSS) and the Students Welfare Department of Nagpur University organized a workshop 'Lets Talk About Suicide'.\"Suicide among the youngsters is becoming common day by day. Students need to be made aware of the after effects of the drastic step,\" said Rupashree Khubalkar, head, department of post graduate psychology, Nagpur University (NU). Only a few days back the newspapers had reported yet another suicide by a school student.The workshop emphasized on the need to ACT (Acknowledge, Care and Treatment) to prevent suicides. Acknowledging symptoms of suicide like withdrawal from social life or even direct hints by the person. Showing care by listening to the troubles of a friend and finally treatment through professional medical assistance would go a long way in preventing a person from committing suicide.A skit showcasing the possible causes behind suicide and also the kind of reactions that the tragedy elicits from different quarters of the society was performed during the workshop. Dr Sudheer Bhave said that the reasons behind suicides can vary from depression, personality type to genetic disposition.\"What youngsters need to realize is that suicide is more devastating than normal death as it leaves behind a complex set of emotions for all involved. Once a mother whose child had committed suicide said that my child committed suicide thinking that it will end her pain. But she has only passed on the pain to all those are left behind. And it couldn't be truer than this,\" he said.Terming electro convulsive treatment, commonly known as shock treatment, a miracle in mental health treatment he advised people to not to cringe from it. \"Our films and serials have portrayed it very negatively. But many a times it is the best solution. And it is not painful as the treatment is conducted after giving anaesthesia,\" Bhave said.A suicide assessment test to screen students who could possibly have suicidal tendencies was also conducted during the workshop. In the following sessions more aspects related to suicide were discussed. An open discussion and meditation session was also conducted during the workshop which was attended by around 250 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16303878", "title": "Petition seeks CBI probe into Vid irrigation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Alleging large-scale corruption, fraud, abuse of power and mismanagement in all irrigation projects in Vidarbha, Jan Manch - an NGO - has moved the court demanding a judicial probe or CBI enquiry into the irregularities.A division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and ML Tahaliyani issued notices to union finance secretary , Maharashtra chief secretary, state irrigation and secretaries, and Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) asking them to reply in three weeks. TOI had been tracking the issue and had published a series of reports exposing the alleged irregularities. The petitioner has attached some TOI reports in the petition.According to Jan Manch secretary Rajiv Jagtap, \"In the name of developing irrigation potential in Vidarbha, few erring officers and VIDC emptied the state exchequer by thousand of crores of rupees. The result is that even today the farmers' fields are without a drop of water.''The petition specifically mentions the Gosikhurd national irrigation project in Bhandara district, which is funded by the Centre. The project cost was Rs 372 crore in March 1982, but was frequently revised till it reached Rs 7,777 crore in 2008 and the government now plans to increase it to Rs13,000 crore. It said that VIDC escalated the cost of 38 irrigation projects by a whopping Rs 20,050 crore (from Rs 6,672 crore to Rs 26,722 crore) in seven months in 2009. Of these 30 projects were granted hurried approvals in just four days - August 14, 2009 (11 projects), June 24, 2009 (10 projects), July 7, 2009 (5 projects) and August 18, 2009 (4 projects).Jagtap alleged that the government and VIDC officials took undue advantage of these recommendations to siphon off crores of rupees under the pretext of revised cost of dams. \"The petitioner submits that taking into consideration these facts and figures declared by VIDC, it is a sure shot case of project ill planning, mismanagement and massive corruption,\" said Jan Manch. Even the CAG in its performance report of VIDC mentioned the aspects of poor planning. Despite spending 85% of this amount so far, the actual area of irrigation potential created is a mere 13.5% or 34,000 hectares of the target of 2.50 lakh hectares.Jagtap explained that Vidarbha, though rich in forest and water availability, is way behind in irrigation as compared to other parts of the state. In 1995, the 'Indicator and Backlog Committee' was constituted to suggest equitable allocations of development expenditure in these boards. It reported a 47% sectoral backlog and 55% irrigation backlog in Vidarbha.The Planning Commission later set up a fact-finding team in March 2006 under Aadarsh Mishra to study the causes of regional parities and rural distress. Mishra stated that the irrigation backlog of Vidarbha was 8.72 lakhs hectares in physical terms and of Rs10,032 crore in monetary terms.After receiving many complaints, the government constituted a panel under retired principal secretary Nandkumar Vadnare. The Vadnare Committee found rates were arbitrarily increased in 90 major tenders pertaining to Gosikhurd project. In most cases, VIDC officials illegally awarded tenders at 15% to 40% above the original estimate. The committee had also found poor quality of concrete lining through the entire left bank main canal of Gosikhurd.The petition said that the official note to ratify the sanction of every tender awarded amounting to a total of Rs 11,126 crore by VIDC did not bear the signature of the state water resources department secretary, who is ex-officio managing director of VIDC. \"If the tender approval proposal would have been sent to the secretary, it may not have been sanctioned as objections were raised by his office,'' it said.\"There is a clear nexus of politicians, bureaucrats and contractors in siphoning thousands of crores of public money by turning blind eye to suicide by farmers,\" said Jan Manch. It added that the government initiated departmental inquires, but no action was taken against any official.The petitioner prayed for criminal proceedings against the erring officers. The court was informed that despite three state government-appointed committee reports, pointing out inferior work and lack of supervision, no action was taken.The petitioners have asked the court for a CBI or any independent investigating agency to probe these irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "16306877", "title": "Jagir Kaur back in jail after parole", "text": "KAPURTHALA: Former minister and sitting MLA Bibi Jagir Kaur has returned to Kapurthala jail after ending her parole term of four weeks. She returned to the jail on Thursday evening.Bibi was released on parole for four weeks on August 8, after spending over four months in jail. She is serving a five-year jail term for the murder of her daughter Harpreet Kaur in 2000. She was convicted and sentenced by a Patiala CBI court.A day after her release on parole, she helped get SAD member Joginder Pal Marwaha elected as president of Bholath Nagar Panchayat, as her presence was crucial to complete the quorum of 50% councillors. SAD has six members in a 13-member nagar panchayat and Bibi is the ex-officio member.Even as seven members - five of Congress, one independent and one of BJP - stayed away from the election meeting, Bibi's presence helped elect the president and vice-president. On the same day she also participated in meetings for selecting presidents of nagar panchayats at Begowal and Dhilwan.Her bail application is pending in the Punjab and Haryana high court while two co-accused in the case had already been granted bail by the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305770", "title": "Professionals dump top jobs, salary to help needy", "text": "CHENNAI: When 25-year-old Caitlin Marinelli stepped out of the city airport, one of the first things she saw was a disabled man covered with sores who was smiling at her. Her bond with India was sealed.A year after she first arrived in Chennai on a fellowship programme, Marinelli, a New Yorker, chose to stay back and work as a social entrepreneur. She is one of a growing tribe of people who have quit mainstream jobs and started humanitarian organisations that work for the underprivileged. Activists say these professionals-turned-social workers are making a difference.\"There has been a surge in the number of people, including non-resident Indians, who are committing themselves to social entrepreneurship in India,\" said Nithya Raman of Transparent Chennai, a portal which collects and disseminates data on neglected issues in Chennai.\"There are many opportunities to contribute to social causes in India,\" she said. \"The country has numerous problems and some of them are immense.\"\"When I came to Chennai a decade ago, I realised there were a lot of issues that people were either not aware of or did not know how to address,\" Raman, a US citizen of India origin, said. Raman, who received a master's degree in political science from Harvard and studied urban planning at MIT, has been involved in social welfare ventures in Chennai for over 10 years.Marinelli says her mission is to empower needy people who have been neglected by society. \"When I saw that man on the road, I realised he wasn't an isolated case,\" she said. \"I wanted to understand people's needs here and help them to help themselves.\"Marinelli intends to join an organisation in Mumbai that is developing a mobile application to help disadvantaged and illiterate people by guiding them, in 14 regional languages, through various important procedures. She says she will return to the US this week and apply for an employment visa to extend her stay in India.Experts in social trends say the economic downturn in the West, ennui with their jobs and the large number of people on the wrong side of the social divide in India have all contributed to the rise in the number of professionals choosing to get into social welfare ventures.Shweta Krishnakumar, a 24-year-old professional whose parents stay in Chennai, left a plum corporate job in Atlanta and returned to India because \"she wanted to do something different\". \"I was bored with my job there,\" she said. \"I wanted to do something exciting, something that would make a difference. It was then I was selected for a social entrepreneurship programme in India,\" Shweta said.\"India is becoming a hotbed for social entrepreneurs. People are proving that they are not scared of charting a new course, even if it leaves them financially less stable,\" said Sucharita Kamath, head of Innovation Ecosystem of Villgro, a Chennai-based firm that incubates and funds rural innovations. The firm runs a one-year training programme to bring unsuccessful social entrepreneurs back to the drawing board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304183", "title": "IT company offers scholarships for students", "text": "NAGPUR: A city-based IT company which was launched last year has decided to offer scholarships worth Rs50,000 to the students in association with Science and Technology Park (STP), Software Exporter's Association (SEAP), and Indian STEPS and Business Incubator's Association (ISBA) promoted by Department of Science and Technology (DST), Government of India.Managing director of WatchWitz Technologies Kunal Karnik while addressing a press meet stated that their initiative - Apropos Gumption Scholarship and Talent Programme (AG-STS) - will help the IT companies which often complain about lack of employability of a majority of students in semiurban regions.He informed that engineering third and final year students along with MCA students will be eligible for the scholarships. \"The programme has been launched in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh so far,\" he added.Karnik stated that the basic aim of AG-STS is to identify 'trainable' students. The first stage of a computer-based test would evaluate their knowledge of programming languages. After that group discussion (GD) will be conducted. Students entering this round will be given certificate, enabling them to enrol, on subsidized fees, for the skill enhancement programmes to be conducted by experts from the IT industry. All students who are successful in GD would go for the personal interviews (PI). Top 20% students who quality for third round would be awarded with Android-based tablets for their use and to induce them to create new application, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303372", "title": "Degrees awarded to Leeds students", "text": "BHOPAL: Clad in black robes, caps and green scarves on their shoulders, students of the Leeds Met India, received degrees during their first graduation ceremony on Friday at the Green Woods Country Club.In all, 38 students received degrees on the occasion. Director, international development at Leeds Metropolitan University Business School, UK, Marie Paule Sheard, said,\" It is a great pleasure to be present at the first graduation ceremony and recognize the hard work and commitment of the students\".Campus director, Leeds Met India, Bhopal , Prof Rakesh Premi extended his wishes to the first batch of graduates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304554", "title": "Govenrnment to start action against illegal structures", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has undertaken an assessment to identify the structures that would be demolished in compliance with the high court's recent order on Amanishah Nullah.After participating in a review meeting for the anti-encroachment drive, which was presided over by chief secretary C K Mathew, principal secretary UDH G S Sandhu on Friday said that the state government was yet to receive the formal court order. He added that despite that the state government will start acting against the illegal structures on Saturday.\"The anti-encroachment drive will begin on Saturday and those who were issued a three-day notice and have failed to reply, their structures will be razed down. The process of cutting off power and water connections for commercial properties, be it clubs, marriage halls or offices would also begin on Saturday,'' said Sandhu.He added that the power and water connections would be considered temporary for the residential properties, following which the residents will have to shell out an additional 50% on the current rates.Sandhu informed the media that as several speculations were being made about the number of affected people and structures, an assessment to get the actual figures has been initiated. \"The assessment for a stretch of 9 kms has been done and we are following the central line demarcated by the committee of Malviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT), which also prepared a map in 2010. Within a week's time, the area till Sushilpura would be covered while that up to Mazar Dam would be covered in another two weeks,'' he said. The senior officer said that while there were only two teams who were listing out the illegal structures earlier, now there are 10.Meanwhile, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Friday issued notice to the Grass Field Club near Shyam Nagar. According to the JDA official approximately 65,625 square feet area is constructed in the catchment area. Enforcement officer told TOI, \"Three days have been given to reply to the notice. After that the JDA will demolish the illegal construction.\" The official claimed that the club has constructed four pucca rooms, four kuchcha rooms and developed a marriage garden in the catchment area. The JDA also razed a boundary wall constructed in the catchment area near Gujjar Ki Thadi.The Neerja Modi School, which had been issued a notice earlier, submitted its reply to the authorities on Friday. Chairman Saurabh Modi said, \"We have submitted our reply. We have voluntarily started demolishing the school's swimming pool which falls in the catchment area.''According to the official sources, the school has voiced its displeasure over the centre line determined by the authority. In the reply the school has reportedly submitted the survey of 1981 done by Consulting Engineering Services and 1972 survey done by Survey of India as supportive documents and claiming that construction is not done in catchment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311471", "title": "Yami\u2019s horror story inspires movie", "text": "Little did Yami Gautam know that a horrifying incident in her life, which she would have liked to forget, would become immortalised on celluloid! But that's exactly what's gonna happen. When the actress was working on her Tollywood debut Nuvvila, she gave her director Ravi Babu the plot for his next horror flick \u2014 Avuna. The director tells us, \"When I was shooting with Yami, she recounted a scary incident that happened to her in Mumbai. She had to vacate her house and shift to another flat at short notice, she didn't have the time to enquire about it. Once she moved there, strange things started happening to her. She felt like there is an ominous presence in the house.\" And things only got worse for the next few days. \"Yami told me that she had a feeling that someone was watching her all the time, when she was sleeping, eating and even bathing. She was so terrified that she vacated the house immediately. Later, she learnt that a lot of tragic incidents had happened in the house, that was said to be haunted. When she told me this story, I started thinking about making a movie based on these incidents,\" says Ravi Babu. In fact, after he heard the horror tale, the director reveals that he also had a strange encounter. \"One day, after shooting, when I went back to my hotel room to relax, I just couldn't sleep. I had a feeling that someone was in my room. I was scared and opened all my windows and doors, but the feeling only got worse. I decided to leave the room immediately. I'm sure if I make a movie, everyone who ever experienced a paranormal occurrence will relate to it.\" he says. The director has already started writing the script of the movie. Yami however, will not be able to play the role, that she inspired. \"I was very keen on casting her as the lead actor in the movie. But she happens to be busy with other films and she can't give me dates for this flick,\" adds Ravi Babu. Poorna of Seema Tapakayi fame plays the female lead, while Harshavardhan Rane also has a key role. The director has even zeroed in on a shooting location. \"I found a gated community in the city, where many houses are lying vacant. It's the perfect setting for this scary movie. I'm sure once people watch my film, they will lose their sleep too.\" he quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303962", "title": "KCR extends stay in Delhi, fuels Telangana speculation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Extending the suspense over a possible forward movement on the Telangana issue, TRS sources said on Friday that the Congress high command asked its president K Chandrasekhar Rao to stay put in the national capital for some 'important talks.'The monsoon session of Parliament was adjourned sine die on Friday but there were indications that KCR would stay on in Delhi for a few more days. \"As KCR was coming out of Parliament, AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad stopped to speak to the TRS leader.Azad asked KCR how long he would be in Delhi and the latter said for a couple of days more. Upon this, Azad told the TRS chief to stay on as he had something important to discuss,\" said the sources.The TRS sources claimed that a meeting between KCR and Azad was likely to happen in the next couple of days. The TRS chief has not been a regular for the Parliament sessions, but set out for Delhi last week stating that he wanted to attend the Lok Sabha. Before leaving Hyderabad two days ago, KCR had said that an important decision on Telangana would happen by the end of September.In fact, KCR has been confident of a positive announcement on Telangana from the UPA government for the last several weeks now. Addressing a gathering in the first week of August this year, the TRS chief had said that the Telangana forces would wait till August 20 before deciding to relaunch the movement. However, there were no announcements from the Centre but KCR is now claiming that something would happen by the end of this month.However, the Telangana Congress leaders and Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) representatives are not as enthusiastic about a forward movement on the separate state issue as KCR is.A delegation of T Congress MPs and TJAC leaders had called on Azad two days ago and impressed upon him the need for an early decision on Telangana. \"We do not see any enthusiasm on the part of the UPA government to take a decision on the issue. Hence, we have decided to revive the agitation,\" a TJAC leader said.In fact, the TJAC has already reiterated that the Chalo Hyderabad scheduled for September 30 would be held as planned. But the TRS sources were optimistic that some discussions on Telangana would take place between KCR and Azad in the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305008", "title": "Frequency of Patna special train increased", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways have decided to extend the frequency of train number 02393/02394 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminal superfast special train from tri-weekly to six times a week. Train number 02393 Patna-Anand Vihar Terminal superfast special will run on all days except Tuesday, with immediate effect, upto November 29 from Patna.While, on the other hand, train number 02394 will run on all days except Wednesday, till November 30, from Anand Vihar. The train will comprise one first AC, one AC 2-tier, five AC 3-tier and 12 sleeper class coaches. The train will stop at Danapur, Ara, Buxar, Mughalsarai, Allahabad and Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16305407", "title": "Jamshedpur hosp lacks beds for vector-borne disease patients", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The increase in the admission of vector-borne disease patients has compelled the government-run Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital (MGMH) authorities to look for alternative accommodations for the patients. Owing to limited beds the hospital is finding it difficult to admit patients in huge numbers. Most cases reported are malaria, diarrhoea and dengue.As 565 beds were not enough, they had put up about two dozen beds on the corridors of the ground floor and some mattresses on the first floor. But they would be at a loss if more patients were to be admitted. \"There is hardly any space within the hospital to arrange for additional beds,\" MGMH superintendent, Dr Shiv Shankar Prasad, said, adding, \"Patients whose condition have improved and who have spent three days in the hospital are advised to vacate the place for critical patients waiting to get admitted.\"MGMH had approached 106{+t}{+h} battalion of Rapid Action Force (RAF) to construct makeshift tents within the hospital campus for admitting patients when there was a viral fever outbreak in the district in 2011. Dr Prasad said, \"If the rush continues then we will again seek RAF's help for makeshift tents.\"Authorities say that since there are very few efficient government hospitals in the three districts of Kolkan, majority of the patients from the rural areas prefer MGMH to treat serious ailments. \"Had there been more hospitals in the division, besides MGMH, there wouldn't have been such a rush,\" a senior MGMH official said. Expensive hospitals in the city make patients choose MGMH, he added.Apart from over 500 such patients flocking MGMH daily, there are several who are flooding the outpatient department in private hospitals. About 15 people have died of malaria and dengue in the district so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16305060", "title": "Tourism department cracks whip on illegal deck beds at Baga", "text": "CALANGUTE: The tourism department on Friday confiscated a large number of deck beds and other material like mattresses from Baga beach.Personnel from the tourism department along with representatives of the village panchayat swooped down at Baga beach around noon and carted away the deck beds with the help of hired labourers.The police maintained a protective vigil during the operation. The beds were carted away in trucks.Talking to TOI, one of the deck bed owners requesting anonymity, said he did not mind the confiscation of the deck beds. He said he can always go and claim his two dozen confiscated beds, but then he will have to pay a fine and his name will also be blacklisted by the tourism department, which may then adversely affect his chances of getting a deck bed licence in the forthcoming tourist seasonThe operation consequently witnessed no resistance although a large number of deck bed owners were gathered at the site. Many of them also operate seasonal beach shacks.Hanumant Parsekar, deputy director, department of tourism, told TOI that the new BJP government is yet to decide on the question of giving licences to people to put deck beds on the beach. \"Last year we had given a few licences to unemployed youth in Calangute and Baga. But this year the policy has not yet been finalized,\" he said, adding that the policy regarding deck beds will be finalized in another week or two.Last year the tourism department had issued around nine licences at the rate of 1,000 per pair, and each licence holder was given permission to put up three pairs of beds. Shack owners are allowed up to 10 pairs. However, most operators exceed their licenced quota and put up a large number of beds, which end up crowding the beach.Renting out beach beds is highly lucrative at Baga and Calangute, at 200 an hour during the peak season. The entire seasonal fee of 1,000 can be recovered in less than a day.Many in Baga and Calangute put up deck beds illegally before the official start of the season next month, prompting authorities to remove the beds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "brs nagar b block", "code": "16306648", "title": "Sewage enters BRS Nagar B block", "text": "BRS NAGAR B BLOCK: Residents of B block of BRS Nagar, near Lakshmi Narayan temple, woke up to a stinking menace on Friday \u2014sewage submerging the area.Fearing an epidemic, they made many frantic calls to the municipal corporation, but to no avail. Karan Batheja, an advocate and area resident, said, \"I regret the day I decided to construct my house here. All my law books have been ruined as sewage gushed into the basement. One cannot even step out. I think I should shift to some other area of the city. An apathetic MC did not even care to visit the block. I will file a public interest litigation against MC officials.\"Tarlochan Singh Pahwa, a retired Punjab State Electricity Board superintending engineer, said, \"All residents of the locality will fall sick. MC officials are least bothered because they don't live here. It seems we are living on the bank of Buddha Nullah... there are so many flies and insects.\" Pritpal Singh, a businessman, said, \"This stink has put us on house arrest...no one can go out. MC and the health department must expedite efforts to check outbreak of diseases here.\"However, MC commissioner Rakesh Verma said, \"I have asked additional commissioner Manjeet Singh to visit the place and get the dirty water drained out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306596", "title": "Modi is 'crime manager': Ex-CM Keshubhai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel in his blog on Friday referred to chief minister Narendra Modi as a 'crime manager.'Reacting to the remarks of the Supreme Court that the Gujarat government was adopting adversarial attitude in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, Patel said that instead of getting to the bottom of the fake encounter, Modi was trying to create obstructions.The SC on Thursday told the Gujarat government that it has been adopting \"adversarial attitude\" in the proceedings relating to the case of fake encounter killing of gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh in which its former minister Amit Shah is one of the accused.The bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai had remarked when Gujarat's additional advocate general Tushar Mehta was making submissions during the hearing of the CBI's plea for cancellation of Shah's bail.Patel in August had resigned from the Bharatiya Janata Paty (BJP) and had floated his own Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP). He said in his blog the case of Sohrabuddin was killing of one person but three persons were killed in cold blood and the matter needs to be investigated.But instead of showing eagerness to get to the bottom of things, Modi has been creating hurdles in the case, claimed Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "16305675", "title": "Malegaon youth cracks CA exam", "text": "MALEGAON: Notwithstanding the fact that he was under 21 years of age and hence would not be eligible for the mandatory enrolment at the Institute of Chartered Accountants for permission to practice, Ghalib Anjum Mirza cracked the 2012 chartered accountancy (CA) exams to become among the youngest chartered accountants in the country.Mirza, who belongs to a humble family of Kalwan -100 km from Nashik, was only 20 years and six months old in May 2012 when he appeared for the CA final exams. When the results were declared in July, he not only cleared the exams in his first attempt but also secured the 2nd rank in Nashik district.\"Ghalib's success has made us all proud. There are perhaps only a couple of students in the country who have cleared the exams at this ag,\"Mirza's father said. Ghalib crediting his success to the support from his family and his own hard work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "16306860", "title": "Another cross-firing incident in Bathinda", "text": "BATHINDA: In yet another incident of firing in Bathinda, gun shots were exchanged between a group of youths and residents of a house situated on Ajit Road in the town on Friday. This was the third such incident in Bathinda in last three days.Though no one was injured in the cross-firing, panic gripped the area due to confusion. Six rounds of ammunition were fires by both the groups. According to police sources, Dipty Walia, a local, along with his friends, reached the house of Karanbir Singh on Ajit Road in a green-coloured Bolero jeep at around 5 pm on Friday. Karanbir in his complaint to the police said as Walia and his friends got down from the jeep, they started abusing him and his family members.\"After 2-3 minutes Walia brought his rifle and started firing at us. We entered the rooms and saved our lives. Then we fired back in defence,\" Karanbir told the police. Sources said old enmity between Walia and Karanbir resulted in Friday's incident. Bathinda police were yet to register a case till the filing of this report.On Wednesday, a youth, Simarjeet Singh, was shot dead in a gun house in broad daylight in cross-firing while on Thursday a notorious inter-state criminal, Gursewak Singh, was killed in a police encounter in Kamala Nehru Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16307120", "title": "Trichy jailbirds into phoney business", "text": "TRICHY: The smuggling of mobile phones into Central prison, Trichy, is still prevalent despite claims of strict vigil by police. Some prisoners have been caught smuggling phones by hiding them in their rectum while returning from court. When asked, the jail superintendent admitted to the lapse and feebly covered up by saying they almost curtailed such crimes.\"It was shocking that prisoners who were being brought to court by jail personnel made use of the opportunities to smuggle mobile phones and contraband into prison. An incident that occurred two months ago in which one of the prisoners was found hiding a mobile phone in his rectum while returning from court is a case in point. Following the incident, two other prisoners were also caught indulging in such crimes. KK Nagar police registered three cases in this connection,\" said G Sundararajan, jail superintendent in-charge, Central prison, Trichy.He said, \"We seized 15 mobiles in the past one year from prisoners as security was intensified since I took charge. We installed two door metal detectors at the entrance. No one can get into prison with mobile phones and contraband. Moreover, the jail premises are under the surveillance of closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras.\"The jail authorities claimed to have put an end to another way of smuggling cell phones and contraband. Associates of prisoners come to a temple outside the jail premises under the guise of devotees and throw cell phones and contraband wrapped in paper, into the jail premises. The parties concerned inside the prison collect it. In August, the police arrested two persons in this connection and registered a case. Since then, two jail warders in plainclothes are posted in the temple to keep vigil.As Trichy prison is one of the biggest prisons in the state, many notorious criminals are lodged here. As of now, the jail accommodates 1,411 prisoners including 494 life term convicts as well as 526 remanded prisoners. Some notorious criminals have support from other prisoners and have been into smuggling of such things. So, we recently shifted a notorious criminal to Cuddalore prison,\" he added.Some allege that jail personnel were working in cahoots with prisoners to facilitate availability of mobile phones and contraband. The officials are said to be rewarded suitably by relatives of the prisoners in return for their 'service'.Commenting on the allegation, Sundararajan said, \"It might be true but it is not yet proved.\"Sundararajan said, \"I can confidently say that we have almost curtailed possession of mobile phones and contraband inside prison. We are doing our best to eradicate it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16304304", "title": "MKCG confirms 23 dengue cases", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Twenty-three patients have been confirmed suffering from dengue by the MKCG Medical College and Hospital this season so far. Out of these 22 are from Ganjam district, while one is from Rayagada's Gunupur. Some have completely recovered and discharged from the hospital.Currently, 44 persons are undergoing treatment in the dengue ward. Their condition is stable, said superintendent of MKCG Medical College and Hospital A K Behera. But he said that all patients admitted to the hospital's dengue ward are not afflicted by dengue. \"We admit patients in the dengue ward when we suspect them of suffering from the disease. But dengue is confirmed after the blood test,\" Behera said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303582", "title": "9 prisoners in Jabalpur enrol for MBA (HR)", "text": "BHOPAL: Nine inmates in the Jabalpur central jail have enrolled themselves for Master of Business Administration (MBA) course.The interesting part is their choice for area of specialisation. All of them have opted for the master's in Human Resources (HR).Eight out of the nine have been convicted for murder, one on charges of theft, and all have been enrolled with the distance learning programme of the IGNOU, which offers its courses free in all jails of the state.The inmates are Yogesh, Raju, Deepak, Sunil, Shrinath, Adithya, Raju, Abhay Raj and Prem Chandra. Apart from Deepak, all have been convicted for murder. Depending on the period of jail term they have served so far, they will walk out of the prison between 2013 and 2021.As there is no campus coming to jails even the authorities do not have an idea whether their MBA degrees would fetch them a job after they finish the jail term. Officials see it as an opportunity for prisoners to start life afresh after their release from the jail.\"The prisons department offers educational courses in jails. Depending upon how literate a prisoner is, there are a number of educational programmes for an inmate, says DIG (Prison) R S Vijayvargiya.\"Courses vary from higher secondary to part time job-oriented programmes like machine repairing, cooking, computers and specialised degrees like MBA\".As for why prisoners from only Jabalpur central jail have enrolled for MBA, the official said it is the second group of jail inmates opting for MBA. Earlier, three prisoners from Bhopal central jail had enrolled for MBA, he added.The prisons department has no immediate plan to arrange campus for prisoners, but they did not rule out the possibility of holding one in future if number of highly educated prisoners goes up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16304230", "title": "What literacy means to me", "text": "* Literacy is a tool for education, liberation and empowerment. Especially in women, it acts as a prerequisite for emancipation, helps them fight patriarchal attitudes and hierarchy. With literacy comes information and knowledge, and knowledge leads to power. In order to empower women, we have to first ensure that all women are literate. When we talk about literacy, we should ensure that no one is left out.Ruth Manorama | right to livelihood award winner and president, national alliance of women* To be able to communicate, read and write is something that many of us take for granted. Literacy is the only answer to all problems in our society. It's sad that so many children in our country are deprived of an institutional mechanism to read or write. So, at an age when they can learn, there is no opportunity. It is for policy makers to ensure that all children in this country are literates.Dr Devi Prasad Shetty | chairman, narayana hrudayalaya* Thanks to education I could excel as an athlete. As I was educated I could quickly grasp what coaches wanted me to learn. I could also communicate with them better. Education made me open-minded and disciplined and gave me self-confidence. Education is more important for girls as it helps them to get employed and stand on their own feet.Anju Bobby George | world championship bronze medalist* Before we talk about literacy, we must first have some education on what literacy means and understand what it is all about. Literacy is the ability to understand and learn. It's not about knowing how to read and write. By just knowing how to read and write doesn't make us an educated nation. We need to focus on education, on the ability to understand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303521", "title": "Tihar sitting on furlough plea, says Manu", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jessica Lall's killer Manu Sharma on Friday complained to Delhi High Court that the Tihar authorities have failed to process his plea for furlough which had been pending for several months. Grant of parole to Sharma last time by the government had led to a huge controversy after he was spotted at a city discotheque.Sharma, who is serving a life term for the murder, has sought a direction to Tihar Jail to decide his plea for three weeks' furlough (leave of absence) expeditiously.Justice V K Shali issued a notice to the state government, asking for a response by September 17 on Sharma's plea seeking the order to the Director General (Prison) to decide his application for furlough in accordance with the government's parole/furlough guidelines.Sharma, son of former minister Venod Sharma, informed the high court that he had applied for three weeks leave in December 2010 as he is eligible for the relief in accordance with the guidelines framed by the government following the high court's order on a PIL in 2009. He claimed he was given a certificate of excellence for his contribution to modernization of the jail factory and has favourable reports filed by the Chandigarh district magistrate and Delhi Police. Yet, the jail authorities haven't decided on his plea.\"The delay in deciding the matter has caused irreparable damage to the petitioner even after his being fully eligible for grant of furlough. His application stands pending and he is being deprived of his rights ensured by law and the Constitution of India,\" the petition said.\"As per the guidelines, the jail authority should dispose of furlough cases within 14 days...Aggrieved by the extraordinary delay of 19 months in deciding his furlough application and the discriminatory and unlawful treatment meted out to the petitioner by the prison department, the petitioner has no other remedy available to him but to seek redressal of his grievance,\" the petition complained.Sharma said that according to government's parole/furlough guidelines, a prisoner, who is sentenced to five years or more of rigorous imprisonment but has undergone three years imprisonment, excluding remission, can be released on furlough.Sharma was awarded life imprisonment by the high court in December 2006 for shooting dead Jessica at Tamarind Court Cafe restaurant, owned by socialite Bina Ramani, at Qutub Colonnade in South Delhi during a late-night party in 1999. The life term was upheld by Supreme Court in April 2010.In November last year, Sharma was granted five days of parole to attend his younger brother's marriage by the high court, on the condition that he will not visit nightclubs or discotheques during the period.The police had objected to Sharma's plea for parole, saying his past conduct does not entitle him to the relief as he was found indulging in a brawl in a discotheque when he was out on parole in 2009. He was given a 30-day parole to attend to his ailing mother and perform rituals following the death of his grandmother in September 2009.Sharma, who is serving a life term for the murder, has sought a direction to Tihar Jail to decide his plea for three weeks' furlough (leave of absence) expeditiously", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306103", "title": "More than 3000 entries received for this year's photography contest", "text": "COIMBATORE: Textile doyen Dr D Jayavarthanavelu's passion for still photography and his encouragement of emerging talents in the field were recalled during an awards ceremony held in remembrance of him in the city on Friday. Several photographers from across the country thronged Sri Kasthuri Sreenivasan Art Gallery to witness the awards function of the DJ Memorial Photography contest 2012. Jury members TNA Perumal, M Maruthachalam and Rohinton J Mehta shared their impressions on more than 3000 entries received this year.It is encouraging to know there are many youngsters with huge potential. But a strong foundation is essential in an age where technology is constantly changing. Having been in the field for decades, I still insist on taking prints. You can appreciate the contrast, colour and quality of a photograph better in print than in the digital form,'' said Perumal, an expert wildlife photographer.The entries were of good quality. To judge from more than 3000 entries was a difficult task. To take a good picture, one must understand his subject well,\" said Maruthachalam. In the open category, H Sathish from Bangalore won the first prize of Rs 3 lakh though his inimical snap of a thatched house in the background of the Himalayas. Debraj Chakraborty of Assam won the second prize of Rs 1.5 lakh while Sugato Mukherjee of Kolkata won the third prize of Rs 50,000. In the nature category, Dhritiman Mukherjee of Kolkata won the first prize of Rs 3 lakh. R Prakash of Couimbatore won second prize of Rs 1.5 lakh. H V Praveen Kumar of Bangalore won the third prize of Rs 50,000.The awards were distributed by Sanjay Jayavarthanavelu, managing director of LMW. The photo expo was declared open by Rajyalakshmi Jayavarthanavelu. The award winning photographs and other selected images are on display at the art gallery till September 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16305441", "title": "Flash flood victim's body found", "text": "BOKARO: Police on Friday recovered the body of 48-year-old Dipak Kumar Mukherjee, who was swept away by flash floods in Garga River while trying to cross a small bridge on his motorbike, following heavy rainfall near Hanuman Nagar on Thursday.Mukherjee's body was recovered from the banks of the river near Bokaro Niwas. Police have also recovered his motorbike, lying a few hundred metres away from the spot where he drowned.A police official said Mukherjee is a resident of Baadi-Cooperative. He had gone to meet his wife at his in-laws' house in Satanpur. On his way back he tried to cross the bridge on his two-wheeler but was swept away by the swollen river. A local villager tried to stop him on seeing the bridge submerged under water but he did pay heed to his words. His body has been sent for post mortem. Mukherjee's wife works as a teacher in a government school. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "sambalpur, odisha", "code": "16311081", "title": "Dalit woman tonsured, assaulted; 10 arrested in Odisha", "text": "SAMBALPUR, ODISHA: A Dalit woman was assaulted, tortured and tonsured by locals after holding her responsible for the death of a youth in Sambalpur district, police said on Saturday.\"Ten persons were arrested on the basis of an FIR lodged by the victim Subidha Buda, a Dalit woman of Jayaghanta village in Dhama police station,\" Inspector-in-Charge G Barla said.18-year-old daughter of Buda had an affair with Sudam Mahananda of the same village. The duo had eloped from the village on August 11 but Sudam fell ill on the way and was declared brought dead at the government hospital at Jharsuguda, he said.Holding the 45-year-old woman and her family responsible for Sudam's death, the villagers had staged a road blockade on August 12 by keeping the body on the road to demand inquiry into the incident and arrest of the culprits, sources said.They had also asked the family to leave the village, the police said.The family was staying at their elder daughter's place in nearby Baunsura after leaving the village.However, the woman had come to the village house to take some household goods on Thursday when villagers dragged her out, assaulted and tortured before shaving her head.However, no case was registered under the SC/ST Atrocities Act as both the complainant and accused belonged to the Scheduled Caste, police officer Burla said.Cases were registered against 18 persons and effort is on to nab the others involved in the incident, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16311795", "title": "No plans to designate Pak as state sponsor of terrorism: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: There is no move by the US to begin the process of designating Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism, officials said, after the Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informed the Congress that the Haqqani network is being designated as a global terrorist organisation.Such a statement from senior US officials, who spoke to journalists on the condition of anonymity, came as a top Pentagon official had last year termed the Haqqani network as a veritable arm of the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) of Pakistan.\"Why isn't this a step towards looking at Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism at this point?\" a journalist asked senior administration officials who briefed reporters on the action initiated against the Haqqani network.\"I want to just unequivocally state that this in no way is the consensus, unanimous view of this Administration; that we are making absolutely no effort to begin a process to designate Pakistan as a state sponsor of terrorism,\" the senior administration official said.\"If anything they (Pakistan) have been an extremely valuable ally in countering extremism and terrorism, and we are committed to continuing and maintaining and increasing that coordination and cooperation,\" the official said when a journalist asked about the statement made by Admiral Mike Mullen , the then Chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff, to the Congress that Haqqani network is a veritable arm of the ISI.\"With regard to Chairman Mullen's comments, I hope you also remember that he took great strides at the time to say there was too much focus on the first part of his statement and not on the second part, which was that we had to continue that engagement, we had to continue our efforts. We are doing just that,\" the official said.\"So we have always said that we are troubled by safe havens that the Network has in Pakistan and that we will continue to work together with the Pakistanis to squeeze this, and there's more that we can do. This is part of that ongoing effort,\" the official said.Another senior administration official said that there has been a misperception that there's some kind of relationship between an FTO designation and a state sponsorship one.\"There is none,\" he asserted. \"I think it's important for people to understand that there's no legal relationship between these things.\"In plenty of countries, we have had groups designated and it's never made any difference in terms of our deliberations regarding the bilateral relationship with that country, except of course to strengthen our resolve to work with them to deal with their extremism problem.\"So I think it's very important that that be fully understood,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305935", "title": "Panel to probe Jadavpur University admission row", "text": "KOLKATA: The executive council (EC) - Jadavpur University's highest decision-making body - suspended admissions under the sports quota in the engineering departments on Friday. It formed a committee to find out if injustice was done to any applicant seeking admission through the quota due to the alleged selection of a student by bypassing rules.The EC meeting had been called after teachers of the All Bengal University Teachers' Association (ABUTA) and students had gheraoed vice-chancellor Souvik Bhattacharya on Monday to protest the selection of a student, Sanmitra Guha, under the quota. The EC on Friday formed a review committee comprising MP Kalyan Bandyopadhyay and the university's nominee to West Bengal Higher Education Council Rajat Acharjee, which has been asked to submit a report within 10 days.The committee has been asked to find out if injustice was done to any applicant seeking admission through the sports quota due to the Sanmitra's selection.\"The committee will also leaf through the acts, statutes and rules to see if any regulation was flouted during the selection,\" said registrar Pradip Ghosh.Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP), however, was not happy with the decision and they continued to gherao the EC members till late on Friday. They demanded that the \"review committee\" should instead be called an \"inquiry committee\".\"It is unfortunate that the manner in which MP Kalyan Bandopadhyay has been roped into the review committee. He won't be able to spare time for the review committee work. So, only Acharjee and the registrar (being the ex-officio member of any committee) will take a call. If the decision is not revoked, we'll continue with our agitation,\" said ABUTA secretary Gautam Maity.JU vice chancellor Souvik Bhattacharyya was gheraoed by teachers of All Bengal University Teachers' Association (ABUTA) and students on September 3 for three hours. They demanded a halt to counselling and admissions of candidates through the sports quota to the engineering departments on allegations of malpractice. Coming under pressure, the authorities had then decided to stall admissions under the sports quota and call an emergency EC meeting on Friday to discuss the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16306121", "title": "Crematorium to get a facelift", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The repair and beautification works proposed for the West Hill public crematorium will be completed soon using the Rs 30 lakh fund sanctioned by A Pradeep Kumar from his MLA fund.The corporation has also decided to construct two advanced furnaces to cremate the bodies. With the allocation of fund, the total amount to carry out the renovation works rose to Rs 60 lakh, out of which Rs 30 lakh will be from the corporation fund. Vadakara-based Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society (ULCCS) has been entrusted with the works.The bushes in the crematorium will be cleared and the plot would be landscaped. The construction of compound wall, entrance gate, walkway and rain huts will also be carried out. A small hall to accommodate around 100 persons will also be constructed at the graveyard. A team comprising A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, councillor T Sujan, corporation engineers and representatives of ULCCS visited the crematorium recently.Pradeep Kumar said that people would be able to conduct condolence meeting at the site.Meanwhile, the civic body had opened the only electric crematorium in the district at Mavoor Road last month after renovation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16306309", "title": "100 new patients of fever, diarrhoea reported in villages", "text": "KANPUR: Around 100 new cases of fever and diarrhoea were reported in villages in Sachendi and Kalyanpur block of the city on Friday alone. The health department team who inspected these villages distributed the medicines to the patients and also collected some blood samples of those who were suspected of malaria.The five member heath team inspected three village in the vicinity of Sachendi on Friday including Orchi, Dadhiya and Saketpur.\"We have come across 58 patients suffering from viral fever in Orchi. Two cases of diarrhoea were also reported while 5 blood slides were made of the patients suspected with malaria,\" informed Dr Sunil, of medical team.He further informed that as many as 17 patients were treated in Dadhiya while 9 blood slides were collected from there. 24 new cases of viral and skin infections were reported from Saketpur. Seven blood slides were collected from Saketpur village.Though the heath department team claim to provide best treatment but the villagers are not satisfied. \"The doctors are giving three red and blue tablets to all the villagers, even if they are complaining of different symptoms. A ORS pack is also provided to all the patients but they are not making it clear that what is the disease we are suffering from,\" alleged Gauri Shanker, resident of Orchi.When TOI tried to contact Dr RC Arya, epidemic control officer to seek his explanations on the allegations made by the locals, he said that all the allegations were and fake and the health team are well-equipped with best medicines provided by health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306117", "title": "Science exhibition showcases timely innovation", "text": "COIMBATORE: A class 9 student from Dharmapuri won the praise of participants at a two-day state level science exhibition in Coimbatore on Friday by introducing a working model on detecting power theft. The device can help EB officials detect power theft without leaving their office. Organised jointly by Tamil Nadu Science and Technology Centre and Union Government's Department of Science and Technology, the exhibition titled 'Inspire Award' is at the Sri Krishna College of Engineering &amp; Technology campus.M Arul Kumar, a student of government HS in Dharmapuri, drew much attention, given the current power crisis the state is reeling under. His innovation is one among 480 projects selected after organising district level competitions. \"I realized that power theft is a major issue that needs to be addressed. Thus, I suggested the idea to my teacher, and he instantly accepted and helped me develop the project,\" said Arul Kumar. The model is designed in such a way that the location of the power theft can also be easily identified.Power shortage was also a concern for R Adharsh Srivats from SPIC Nagar HSS, Tuticorin, who came up with a product that generates power through cycling. He called the device Ecycle. As the person cycles, a belt connected to a motor rotates, producing direct current. Using converters, the energy can be converted to alternate current and stored in batteries used for lighting houses, he said. The system not only helps generate power but also provides a means for physical exercise.Ponsagaya, a class 10 student from St Xavier Matriculation Higher Secondary School, came up with a device called stress meter, which can read the stress levels of people through their skin resistance which varies according to their blood pressure, indicating their level of stress, she added.Inaugurating the exhibition, Tamil Nadu Higher Education Minister P Palaniappan said that despite large pool of talent in the country, India is far behind western nations in research and development activities.\"There is immense talent emerging from schools and colleges that needs to be nurtured towardsinnovation,\" Palaniappan said. The Tamil Nadu Science and Technology centre donated a sum of Rs 5000 to students to encourage scientific research. He further said that the state government has a 2020 vision to develop 10 major areas, including higher education. Towards this end, the state government has opened three engineering colleges in the last 18 months and given away laptops worth several crores of rupees.Corporation mayor S M Velusamy and MLA S P Velumani also addressed the gathering, reiterating the need to conduct such events to encourage students towards scientific research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16303525", "title": "Youths abduct, beat constable in Ujjain", "text": "UJJAIN: A police constable on duty was abducted by miscreants who took him to a deserted place in the city and beat him up. The constable was posted on duty checking vehicles at the Maxi road.Police said the newly appointed constables Ravindra Senger and Ankit Negi stopped a motorcyclist and demanded the vehicle's registration documents from them.Instead of producing the papers, one of the motorcyclists Dheeraj ran away from the spot and brought three others later identified as Vishal, Raman and Mahesh along with him.Dheeraj and his accomplices were under the influence of liquor. They drove down to Maxi road zero point where Ravindar Senger was on duty. The accused allegedly abducted him and took him to a deserted place where they allegedly beat him up. They also allegedly broke his wireless and took away Rs 2,500 from him. The police swung into immediate action and issued an alert.Meanwhile, Mahesh and Dheeraj dropped the constable and ran away. Later, the police arrested Dheeraj, Vishal and Raman while Mahesh is on the run.SP Rakesh Gupta said the accused are the students of a private college. They have been booked under charges of kidnapping and loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16311003", "title": "Pune to host short film festival", "text": "PUNE: The Symbiosis Institute of Media and Communication (UG) has organised 'The East Side Story (TESS)' on Septemebr 14 and 15. This is a college festival dedicated to short films . With TESS, the students aim to give a platform to as many student film-makers around the country as possible.\"The fest involves appreciating, critiquing, screening and interacting with the future of Indian cinema. Filmmaking has taken a step down from an art limited to a privileged few. With the transformation of film reels to memory cards, the possibilities to portray moving images on screen have increased a hundred fold. With The East Side Story (TESS), we are trying provide new-age student filmmakers a chance to live the glory of being known and applauded for their work,\" said Lipi Mehta, member, core team of organisers.Mehta added that TESS offers prizes worth Rs 30,000 each for the 'best short-film' and 'best ad film' as well as several other prizes. The day one of the fest will have an exhibition which will feature the masters of short-films weave their magic on screen. It will showcase films that have broken barriers and brought glory to the art of film-making. \"Coupled with the expertise of critically acclaimed director Nila Madhab Panda of 'I Am Kalam ' fame, this is a golden opportunity for any film lover,\" said Mehta.The competition leg of TESS will have films from three categories: live action (fiction and non-fiction/documentary), animation and ad film. The films will be judged by eminent people from the Indian film industry such as Anjum Rajabali, renowned screenwriter of Aarakshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306425", "title": "Huge security makes polls trouble free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unprecedented security cover was deployed on Panjab University campus and other city colleges to ensure smooth conduct of elections on Friday. In what has set a new benchmark in the history of student politics in city, huge force was deployed at the entry points of PU and colleges and special checkposts were also set up outside campuses. Bomb detection squads were also deployed in the varsity as a precaution and 1,000 cops, were on duty for polls on Friday.Police had a tough time in controlling the celebrating supporters of SOPU at students' centre after the announcement of results on Friday evening. Besides, traffic movement was also restricted on the road in front of administration block in PU, leading to the entry gate in front of the PGIMER.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16305072", "title": "131 school buses fined for lapses", "text": "NOIDA: The traffic police's drive against errant school buses has already seen over hundreds of school buses in Noida being fined. Traffic police officers said that most buses didn't have the required first aid box, emergency gate and other facilities in terms of security. A total of 131 buses have been fined out of 452 checked.Stringent guidelines have been put down by the Supreme Court for school buses. As per these guidelines, it is essential for \"school bus\" to be written in the front and back. If it is a hired bus, \"On school duty\" should be clearly indicated. Buses must have first-aid box, the windows must be fitted with horizontal grills and the buses must come provided with a fire extinguisher. The name of school and telephone number should be visible on the bus, while the doors must have reliable locks. The seats in the buses should have a space underneath them for school bags, while an attendant from the school must be present on the bus along with a parent or a guardian. \"The school buses rarely follow the guidelines set out by them and the problem is especially bad with commercial buses that have been hired by the schools,\" said a traffic police officer.The traffic police said that the most common violations were those of not having a first aid box or an emergency exit. \"The problem is that many of these buses are commercial buses that have been hired by schools, in such cases the bus drivers don't take the guidelines seriously and the schools don't always check. This drive is to ensure that schools realize that they are lacking in certain respects and need to act upon it,\" said the officer.The drive is being conducted by the traffic police in association with transport department and the Regional Pollution Control Board.\"We have fined for a variety of violations, including overloading and driving without valid licence. According to guidelines, the driver must have five years of experience in driving,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305443", "title": "NGO sets up homes for girls in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: An NGO has set up homes for girls involved in rag picking and begging in middle schools run by the corporation at Bells Road, Jaganathapuram and Kosapet through Vaanavil Illangallin Kootamaipu.National rainbow homes co-ordination centre, is the Chennai-arm of Hyderabad-based NGO which aims at providing long term solutions to street children.Each home will provide shelter to 25 girls and help protect them from crime. The homes were inaugurated by city Mayor Saidai Duraisamy and the special commissioner to the Supreme Court on right to food Harsh Mander on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16306936", "title": "Banaras Hindu University students demand restoration of students\u2019 union, continue fast", "text": "VARANASI: Demanding restoration of students' union in Banaras Hindu University (BHU), a group of students continued their fast on the third consecutive day of Friday.The student leaders associated with various organizations including National Students' Union of India (NSUI), Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and Bhagat Singh Chhatra Morcha extended their support to the students. The students' union of BHU had been dissolved in February 1997 after a large-scale violence on the campus during the election process. Later, the first Student Council of BHU came into existence in October 2007.Meanwhile, the programme of the election of new Students' Council of BHU was also announced recently. As per the programme, the entire election process will be completed from September 14 to 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306723", "title": "Chemical, metal waste choking aquatic life: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's mangroves and aquatic life are falling prey to chemicals and heavy metal waste, which have found their way into the ecosystem.A study conducted on Bhavan's College Lake in Mumbai showed that mercury and arsenic, the two most toxic metals, were present dominantly and above the permissible limits among fish and mangroves. Traces of other heavy metals like nickel, zinc, copper, etc were also discovered among the samples. The study, experts said, is a microcosm of the massive accumulation of metals in the flora and fauna of water bodies across the country, which will affect the entire ecosystem.The study, conducted by three chemistry professors from Bhavan's College in Andheri and a professor from Jhunjunu University in Rajasthan, analyses a lake spread around 603.4 km. Sewage and chemical waste from the college laboratories usually find its way into the lake. A sample of fishes and mangroves was studied over 12 months (June 2011-May 2012) to ascertain the presence of the metals. Mercury levels were found to be way above permissible levels set by the Central Pollution Control Board.\"An excess of these metals can contaminate the food chain,\" said PU Shingare, a professor involved in the research. \"All water bodies and the flora surrounding it need urgent attention, so that the toxin levels stay in check,\" said Altaf Patel, physician, Jaslok hospital and retired professor, Grant Medical College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309301", "title": "The annual VIA meet in Nagpur", "text": "The annual VIA meet was one power packed affair with most of the city's prominent businessmen, politicians, bureaucrats and police officers trooping in and bonding big time.While VIA president Prafull Doshi was greeting each and every guest with a warm hug, the atmosphere was one of bonhomie and camaraderie. While a VIA do is usually a male-dominated affair, this time there was a dash of colour thanks to a few biz-women and the better-halves of some businessmen who made it a point to attend. As all the guests were busy hobnobbing and networking, the bar counter was one busy place to be! Conversations ranged from light hearted 'hellos' and 'how are you' to heavy discussions like the political scene of the country. And when it comes to politics, sure enough the coal-gate scam and mid-term polls were on everybody's lips as they disucssed the fall out of it on the economic scenario of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16304154", "title": "Right to healthcare on cards", "text": "BANGALORE: If health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali has his way, the Right to Healthcare Act might become a reality in the state.Speaking after inaugurating Healthex 2012 at Bangalore International Exhibition Centre (BIEC) on Friday, Limbavali said, \"There is definitely a need for such the Right to Healthcare Act in private healthcare, mainly for the middle-class section. We have taken the issue to our chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who cares about the health sector. We'll definitely take this forward.\"Providing affordable healthcare to all is not the government's responsibility alone, but the private sector too. We are in discussion with experts to bring in the act in Karnataka.\"Jagadish Shettar said his government will treat health as a priority sector. \"We have released Rs 4 crore for free treatment of 26% of people who are below the poverty line.\"He said Karnataka and especially Bangalore has established itself as Medical Tourism spot and under the state government's medical tourism project, six ISO 9000 certified district hospitals strategically located in tourist spots like Mandya, Hubli, Chitradurga, Kolar, Belgaum and Vani Vilas Hospital in Bangalore are fully functional to handle tourist emergencies.Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya and Healthex 2012, said: \"In the education sector now, there is Right to Education that guarantees education to all. Such an act is needed in healthcare services too, which guarantees healthcare to the poor. The time has come for people to start demanding right to healthcare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311655", "title": "Shiva Thaandavam audio on Sep 11", "text": "The audio release of Vikram and Anushka-starrer Shiva Thaandavam (Thaandavam in Tamil) would be held on September 11 in Hyderabad. Official sources from the production house said that Vikram along with other prominent crew will grace the film's audio launch. Amy Jackson and Lakshmi Rai are also playing important roles while Jagapathi Babu will be seen in negative shades. Vikram's character of a blind man will be the highlight for the film. The actor in this film, practices the technique of human echolocation - a rare phenomenon in human beings with an ability to detect objects, their position and size by sensing echoes. The movie promises a good dosage of high voltage action scenes, romance and even comedy. A L Vijay has directed this action entertainer and C Kalyan is producing the Telugu version on Teja Cinema banner along with UTV. Shiva Thandavam is slated for release on September 28. G V Prakash has composed the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308963", "title": "Bra-clad Madonna's tattoo tribute to Obama", "text": "Madonna has shown her support for the US President by unveiling a huge temporary Obama tattoo on her back during her MDNA Tour at New York's Yankee Stadium.Clad only in a back-baring bra and trousers she turned her back on the audience to show off the writing, the Daily Mail reported.Despite turning 54 last month, there was no rest for Madonna during her high-kicking concert.Madonna has made her left-wing leanings increasingly clear in recent months, and her endorsement of President Obama is the latest in a long line of political statements.The mother-of-four was branded a \"moralising slut\" by Russia's deputy prime minister after scrawling Pussy Riot on her back at her concert last month.Madonna was making a statement about the jailing of the Russian punk band for an anti-Putin protest in a Moscow cathedral.She then angered the Russians further by making a stand for gay rights at her St Petersburg concert. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304479", "title": "Countdown begins for Isro\u2019s 100th mission", "text": "NEW DELHI: The final 51-hour countdown for the launch of Isro's hundredth mission on Sunday was initiated at 6.51 am on Friday at Sriharikota. The rocket is the core-alone version of the highly-proven four-stage Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV). In layman's term, 'core-alone' means there will be no strap-on motors. It will be the 22nd PSLV flight and the eighth one of the core-alone configuration.The much-awaited lift off slated for 9.51 am will be witnessed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . It is the hundredth flight after the launch of India's first indigenous satellite, Aryabhata, in Russia on April 19, 1975.An Isro official told ToI from Chennai that as of now all systems were a 'go' for the launch and the weather at Sriharikota was favorable. \"The countdown is progressing very smoothly,\" he said.This historic mission will place in orbit a French advanced remote sensing satellite, Spot-6, an observation satellite with a lift off mass of 712 kg, and a Japanese micro satellite, Proiteres weighing 15 kg.The 51-hour countdown includes propellant filling of the second and fourth stage of the rocket. There will be checks of the rocket and the spacecraft. Also there will be charging of batteries and pressurization of propellant tanks on board the satellites.Apart from the fact that Isro will hit 100 missions with this flight, Spot-6 will be the heaviest satellite to be launched for an international customer. So far Isro has launched 27 foreign satellites starting from May 26, 1999.The mission sequence envisages Spot-6 being placed into orbit 1078.8 seconds after lift off followed by Proiteres 1128.8 seconds later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16306392", "title": "PMO overruled coal ministry to stick to screening committee", "text": "NEW DELHI: The entire monsoon session of Parliament has been washed out as the opposition refused to back off from the demand for the Prime Minister's resignation on the issue of coal block allocations while the government defended that the Prime Minister had no direct linkage.However, a PMO note accessed by Times Now clearly shows that it was the Prime Minister's Office (PMO)which decided to persist with the controversial practice of allocating coal blocks by the screening committee procedure despite concerns expressed by the coal ministry.The Union coal ministry had argued that allocations by the screening committee were criticized for lacking transparency and objectivity, and said that inviting competitive bids will help the government tap for public purpose a part of the \"windfall profit\" that accrued to companies which got captive coal blocks under the screening committee procedure.The PMO held a meeting chaired by principal secretary to the Prime Minister, T K A Nair, on July 25, 2005, to discuss \"competitive bidding as a selection method for allocation of coal and lignite blocks for captive mining\". The meeting decided that the \"ministry of coal may continue to allot coal blocks for captive mining through the extant screening committee procedure till new competitive bidding procedure becomes operational\". The note points out that minutes of the PMO meeting were approved \"by the PM in his capacity as the minister of coal\".The new revelations point directly to the decision taken by the PMO when the Prime Minister was holding charge of the coal ministry. The meeting chaired by Nair was attended by secretary of coal, Planning Commission, ministry of power and the department of industrial policy and promotion. Representatives of ministry of finance , steel and PMO were also present besides the state governments of West Bengal , Chhattisgarh , Rajasthan, Jharkhand and Odisha.The coal secretary pointed out that with the passage of time, the number of coal blocks available for allocation for captive mining were declining while the number of applications for blocks was increasing. He also stressed that \"this had made the selection of an applicant for allocation of coal block for captive mining vulnerable to criticism on the ground of lack of transparency and objectivity\". It is for this reason that the coal ministry recommended introduction of a competitive bidding procedure.Significantly, the note brings out that in the meeting, PMO rejected the argument now being cited by the government that inviting bids for coal blocks would have raised the price of power. It was the power ministry which expressed reservations that auction of coal blocks could end up making power more expensive. Countering the argument, Javed Usmani, a joint secretary in the PMO, said, \"A rational bidding process would ensure that the cost of coal through competitive bidding route would be less than that of coal sourced from Coal India Ltd or imports.\"The coal ministry also pointed out that competitive bidding \"will only tap part of the windfall profit that accrued to the companies which were allocated captive coal blocks under the screening committee procedure for public purposes\".The question that has now been raised by the opposition parties is that when the coal ministry realized the windfall gains that were accruing to private companies given coal blocks, why did the PMO go ahead and allow continuation of the screening committee procedure. The minutes of the meeting clearly show that the final decision taken at the PMO meeting was that the Coal Mines Nationalization Act, 1973 would need to be amended before the proposed competitive bidding procedure became operational.\"This is likely to take considerable time and the process of allotment of coal blocks for captive mining cannot be kept in abeyance for so long,\" the minutes of the meeting conclude. It is on these grounds that the PMO cleared continuation of the policy of coal block allotments through the \"extant screening committee procedure\". A policy which on paper has not changed till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16303469", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar will combat slump and respond, says Sourav Ganguly", "text": "MUMBAI: The case of the ball zipping through Sachin Tendulkar's bat and pad thrice in the recently-concluded two-Test series against New Zealand has sparked a big debate: Is age catching up with the master batsman?There was also a suggestion from a former star batsman that he was \"naturally slowing down\" due to age. A long time opening partner to Tendulkar, Sourav Ganguly , however, dismissed all such notions. \"He will combat this and respond in a fitting way,\" the southpaw said.\"I have not seen any slowness in him. It's not the first time he has been bowled. It has happened even when he was at his peak. Back then he found a way, he is going to do it again,\" said the former India captain soon after delivering his speech at the Dilip Sardesai Memorial Lecture to a large and august audience that included former India stars Madhav Mantri, Ajit Wadekar , Dilip Vengsarkar , Bapu Nadkarni and Sanjay Manjrekar at the Bombay Gymkhana on Friday.Ganguly stressed: \"I'm sure he will combat this and come back and play well. This (criticism) has hurt him and he will respond to it. Having played with him for so long, you got to believe he's not over. When he goes, he will go out on a high, like it should be for every player and more so for the great man.\"About how Tendulkar could be back to his best, Ganguly said, \"He has in the past used one-day cricket to stay in focus for Tests. But it's up to him as he knows his game better than others. He's not getting any younger. He can't play all forms of cricket. I feel he should concentrate more on Tests.\"Earlier in his speech, Ganguly also dismissed the notion that the T20s were threatening Tests. \"Twenty20 has taken off but Tests are here to stay. I believe that all the three formats of the game are here to stay. We are in an era where Test cricket is questioned, there is talk about day/night Tests too. There are bigger challenges therefore, for a modern-day player. But I feel the best like Kevin Pietersen will adjust to all forms,\" said Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306825", "title": "NRI minister calls for sensitizing US towards", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Close on the heels of the Wisconsin gurdwara shooting that left six Sikhs dead, a senior Punjab minister handling NRI affairs has urged the US to \"sensitise its people about Sikhs, which is a peace-loving community, but was misunderstood because of their appearance which the Americans felt was similar to Osama bin Laden \".Punjab NRI affairs minister Bikram Singh Majithia met Republican former Congressman from Pennsylvania Curt Weldon here on Friday, and asked him to launch campaigns along with Sikhs to educate Americans about the separate identity of Sikhs to avoid any untoward incident in the future.\"Mistaken identity has been the cause of attacks on Sikhs in the US since 9/11. This was also seen in Oak Creek. The need of the hour is to make Americans aware about the separate identity of Sikhs by launching community and confidence building programmes,\" said Majithia.\"Being a small, yet enterprising community, the Sikhs have always contributed towards nation building, growth and prosperity of whichever country they have settled in. They have contributed richly to the growth of the US,\" Majithia told Weldon.\"We have appreciated Michelle Obama's visit to meet the victims of Oak Creek. However, the visit came late, much after the 9/11 attack. Many Sikhs have been targetted in the US in the last decade,\" Majithia added.\"There was large and dense population of Sikhs settled in the US and all possible co-operation to Sikhs would be provided by the US for safeguarding their interests. The US government would begin special awareness campaigns and community programs soon,\" said Weldon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16306418", "title": "New passenger train service from today", "text": "MYSORE: South Western Railway will introduce a new passenger train between Mysore and Shimoga from Saturday. This is in addition to the existing Mysore-Shimoga inter-city express train.Accordingly, the passenger train (No. 56276) will depart Mysore everyday at 13:15 hrs and reach Shimoga at 19:55 hrs. En route, it will touch KR Nagar (at 14:03 hrs), Holenarasipura (15:26 hrs), Hassan (16:00 hrs), Arasikere (17:00 hrs), Kadur (17:54 hrs), Birur (18:38 hrs), Tarikere (18:43 hrs) and Bhardravati (19:12 hrs).In the reverse direction, the train (No. 56275) will leave Shimoga at 7:35 hrs and reach Mysore at 14:20 hrs. En route, it will touch Bhadravati (at 7:56 hrs), Tarikere (8:23 hrs), Birur (8:58 hrs), Kadur (9:05 hrs), Arasikere (9:55 hrs), Hassan (10:58 hrs), Holenarasipura (11:35 hrs) and KR Nagar (12:40 hrs). The passenger train will also stop at Shimoga H, Masarahalli, Koranahalli H, Shivapura, Ballekere, Devanur, Banavara, Habbanghat, Bageshpura, Mavinkere, Mandagere, Akkihebbalu, Hosaagrahara, Sagarakatte and Belagola.Anup Dayanand Sadhu, senior divisional commercial manager, said minister of state for railways, K H Muniyappa , will launch the services at Shimoga railway station at 7am on Saturday.EXTENSION OF SERVICESThe services of Bangalore city-Shimoga Town-Bangalore city express train will be extended to Talaguppa from Saturday. Earlier, the train was stopping at Shimoga. The train leaves Bangalore at 23:00 hrs and reaches Talguppa at 7:45 hrs after halting at Shimoga town, Anandapuram and Sagara Jambagaru. In the reverse direction, the train departs Talguppa at 19:30 hrs and reaches Bangalore at 4:30 hrs.SERVICES CANCELLEDConsequent to THE introduction of Mysore-Shimoga-Mysore passenger train, the service of Shimoga town-Birur-Shimoga town passenger train stands cancelled from Saturday.This apart, the slip coach services of Mysore-Dharwad express train, leaving Mysore at 10:30 hrs, have been extended to Talguppa from Friday. The service was earlier up to Shimoga.Meanwhile, the timing of Birur-Shimoga town passenger train will be rescheduled from Saturday.Accordingly, the train will henceforth depart Birur at 8:00 hrs and reach Shimoga at 9:45 hrs. In the return direction, it will leave Shimoga at 18:10 hrs and reach Birur at 20:05 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306670", "title": "Marks for cash: Vadodara students benefited most", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vadodara students benefitted the most in the 'marks for cash' scam. In the scam, officials of the agency tasked with preparing the marksheets of HSC science and general streams had illegally inflated the marks of 220-odd students, charging Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh.Four people including Sanjay and Samir Shah, nephews of Pravin Shah - the owner of Nilpa Software Systems Private Limited - were recently arrested by CID (crime). Police officials said that 40 per cent of the students who had their marks unlawfully increased were from Vadodara.\"Eighty HSC science-stream students had their marks increased, of whom 33 are from Vadodara,\" an official said. \"In the general stream, 140 students had their marks illegally inflated, of whom 53 are from the Banyan City. In all, 86 of the 220 students are from Vadodara. This is primarily because Samir and Sanjay Shah are from Vadodara and probably came in touch with students using their connections.\" Most of the students belong to prestigious schools of Vadodara, the official said.Other students exposed in the scam are from Ahmedabad, Surat and Gandhinagar . From the science stream, 19 students were from Ahmedabad; 14 from Surat; 10 from Gandhinagar; seven from Bharuch; three from Anand; and one each from Kheda, Dahod, Patan, Bhavnagar, Junagadh and Bhuj.In the general stream, 33 students were from Vadodara; nine from Ahmedabad; 11 from Surat; eight from Sabarkantha; and two each from Rajkot, Mehsana and Anand.Officials said that given the details of the students, it is apparent that the duo had cast the web of corruption all over the state, even covering small towns!It needs mention that four people were arrested on Wednesday for their alleged involvement in the case. The scam, first exposed by TOI, showed how data-entry operators of a private agency illegally inflated marks. Apart from Samir and Sanjay, two data-entry operators, Vinod Patel and Mrugesh Patel, were also arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304193", "title": "NET/SET holders not being promoted: Eknath Kathale", "text": "NAGPUR: In a letter written to Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, senior academician Eknath Kathale raised serious allegations that some college management are harassing NET/SET holders. He alleged that they are neither being given placement nor promotion by their respective college management.He alleged that the lecturers are eligible for placement and promotion after clearing NET/SET, however some college managements were exploiting and harassing them. He demanded that the all the meeting of the placement panels should be held on NU's premises. This would prevent the college managements from harassing them while granting promotions.NU PRO, Prashant Mohite, couldn't be contacted as he was out of station but Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director, Arvind Chaudhary said that the allegations are serious. He said that they hadn't received any such complaint so far. \"I appeal to the lecturers to file a complaint with the university and after that we will take strict action against the erring college managements,\" he said.Kathale added that NET/SET affected were not being offered two placements which they deserve after their service of over 10 years. It was only after they took up the issue with Maharashtra government that it was resolved. These NET/SET holders have to undergo orientation course but the experts conducting them were not aware of recent amendments in rules and regulations, Kathale claimed, adding that NU should first conduct workshop for such experts to apprise them of all these things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309530", "title": "Demi Lovato regrets her 12 tattoos", "text": "Demi Lovato has revealed that she regrets getting a dozen tattoos.The American singer and actress admits that she did consider getting the body art removed through laser treatment, but has decided not to worry too much about them until she is much older.\"I've thought about it before because, you know, when I get older I don't know if I want to have rock and roll on my middle finger,\" Contactmusic quoted her as saying.\"I'm young and I can rock it now and when I get older I can worry about it later.'In context of one particular tattoo of her friend's lips inked on her wrist the star added, \"It was just a spur of the moment, stupid decision.\" (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310611", "title": "When Saina Nehwal came-a-calling", "text": "Ace shuttler Saina Nehwal was in town on Friday and needless to add, the venue was packed with kids and elders alike who wanted to catch a glimpse of the Olympic medallist.The young player was accompanied by her father, Harvir Singh Nehwal. Saina played an exhibition match of mixed doubles with player Nagendra Babu against Neha Pandit and Gopi Raju.It was a comfortable win for Saina and Nagendra. Post the match, Saina was asked about her Olympic win. She smiled, \"I couldn't believe it till I got the medal!.\"The 22-year-old player also added, \"You need to give up on a lot of things when you aim to become a champion. I train for over nine hours everyday. I have to wake up early and have completely given up junk food.\"She was also asked about cricketer Yuvraj Singh gearing up for a comeback on the field, to which she said, \"Recovering from cancer and then coming back to the field isn't easy. Yuvraj has shown how one can fight the illness.\"Saina also spoke about her coach P Gopichand and how he understands her emotions as a player. Post the interaction, she got busy signing autographs for the hundreds gathered there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303821", "title": "Chapter on Swami Vivekananda in school books from next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: School textbooks for Class IX will have a chapter on Swami Vivekananda from the next academic year. Officials of the State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT), AP, said textbooks are currently being revised and the new chapter on Swami Vivekananda will be included in the Telugu non-detail book of Class IX. Incidentally, the move coincides with the 150th birth anniversary year of Swami Vivekananda, 2013.\"In 2009, a GO was issued which stated that a lesson on Swami Vivekananda's life and his teachings should be included in Class IX textbooks. Last year we revised the books of Class VI and VII and this year we are working on Class VIII and IX books. So next academic year onwards students will be reading the chapter,\" said Upendra Reddy, HoD, curriculum, SCERT, AP.Officials of Ramakrishna Math, Domalguda, welcomed the decision. \"We have been requesting the government to include Swami Vivekananda's teachings in school textbooks for a long time as chapters on his followers like Subhash Chandra Bose and Mahatma Gandhi are included. It is a good decision to have a chapter on his life as it will inspire the youth,\" said Swami Jnanadananda, who heads the Ramakrishna Math here. tnnMeanwhile, a string of events including youth conventions, camps, seminars, exhibitions and festivals have been planned by the organisation from 2012 to 2014 to mark the 150th birth anniversary of the spiritual icon, the most prominent one being a rath yatra across the state which is set to begin on September 11 from the city and end in January 2014. A four-vehicle convoy comprising the rath, a mobile exhibition depicting Swami Vivekananda's life and a book store will touch various villages and districts of AP starting with Khammam. Public meetings, distribution of books and visits to schools and colleges too, have been planned at all the places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "play", "code": "16308994", "title": "Theatre Review: Galnda", "text": "Play: Galnda Director: SM Azhar Alam Duration: 95 minutes Cast: SM Azhar Alam, Surendra, Uma Rating: 3.5Nothing in excess' is a phrase that can be construed in many ways \u2014 while it warns against overdoing anything, it also implies that nothingness is the only outcome of excess. The negative undertone is what runs through Little Thespian's Gainda, which deals with excesses \u2014 in human beings as well as the society.Director SM Azhar Alam (protagonist) remains honest in his endeavour to adapt Eugene Ionesco's Rhinoceros for the Hindi stage, as he explores the premises of absurdist drama \u2014 confusing and over-dramatic sequences, bold dialogues and shocking symbols and images. True to the literary style, Azhar compels the audience to question their assumptions repeatedly. The play is universal in spirit \u2014 the place and time are not established. After a rhinoceros is spotted stomping around the city, people start questioning the likelihood of it, particularly in a civilized society. Gradually, as most of the characters get plagued by an epidemic \u2014 a disease to conform to societal norms despite its inconsistencies \u2014 everyone chooses compliance over defiance. What ensues thereafter is utter chaos as the characters, driven by their own excesses, turn into the allegorical gainda or rhinoceros \u2014 thickskinned beings who choose to remain insensitive towards their surroundings. Azhar as Sarmad is startling. He carries the narrative forward, transforming from an individual who would care for nothing but his glass of drink to being the only one who doesn't succumb to the 'forces' around him. Surendra Kapoor as Arjun \u2014 Sarmad's friend and the torchbearer of reason \u2014 has his moment when shrugging off all sense of logic, he turns into a rhinoceros. The fearless and heavy gallop, shown to explain his change into a rhino, is a poignant image that remains with you. Although an absurdist drama that calls for shocking performances, the portrayal of excesses by other actors seems OTT, often coming across as unnatural even for the genre being explored. Joy Sen excels in light designing as he uses a green spotlight to signify man's journey to his wild side. Music by Murari Ray Chowdhary also bears the tragic undercurrent in the drama. Traversing the journey from reason to nothingness, this play gives you something to think about, albeit not in excess", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305190", "title": "'Bhujbal family got kickbacks from Jayaswal'", "text": "MUMBAI: The BJP on Friday linked yet another state minister to the Coalgate scam. BJP's national general secretary Kirit Somaiya alleged that NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family had received kickbacks from the Manoj Jayaswal-headed Abhijeet group, which is under the CBI scanner.Claiming that Abhijeet Infrastructure Private Ltd, another firm owned by the Jayaswal group, was recently allotted a Rs 1,256-crore project by the Bhujbal-led public works department ( PWD) for road work in Akola, Waranga and Hingoli, the BJP leader claimed that the Bhujbals received kickbacks for the allotment through equity shares in Armstrong Energy Private (AEP) Ltd, a firm owned by the Bhujbals.Somaiaya had earlier also claimed that the Bhujbals had received kickbacks in the Maharashtra Sadan controversy. Bhujbal rubbished the allegations.\"He has lost his mind. He first alleged that we had received kickbacks in the Maharashtra Sadan work. Now, he says we received kickbacks in coal mine allotment. I would not be surprised if he links us to the 2G scam too,\" Bhujbal said.Claiming that the allegations were politically motivated, Bhujbal said his family had not entered into any financial transactions with the Jayaswal group. He added that the contract for the road work in Akola, Waranga and Hingoli was yet to be allotted. \"Only tenders have been brought out,\" Bhujbal said. Somaiya alleged that AEP was faking acquisition of coal mines in Singapore and Indonesia for a power plant in Nashik to rout the kickback money. Bhujbal's nephew Sameer, who runs AEP, however, said a company was incorporated in Singapore after obtaining necessary permissions from the RBI. \"We are still in the process of acquiring mines as part of our expansion plans,\" he said.Somaiya submitted a list of companies allegedly belonging to kin of ministers Sriprakash Jaiswal, Subodh Kant Sahai and Rajendra Darda and Vijay Darda (Congress MP) to the CBI, claiming they had links to the Jayaswal group. These he claimed established their links to the coal scamHe alleged that the coal minister had family ties with the Jayaswals, whereas Sahai had business links with the same group.Somaiya further alleged that two other ministers with Maharashtra links were involved in the scam. Sources said one of them may be a Union minister.He alleged that the Congress high command and the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's officer were aware of all these links and were deliberately influencing CBI probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303546", "title": "Van Vihar awaits nod for tigress from Jaipur", "text": "BHOPAL: Van Vihar National Park cum zoo authorities is waiting for green signal from the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) to bring a tigress from Jaipur to revive big cat population in the sanctuary here.\"Under animal exchange programme we have plan to bring in a feline from Jaipur zoo to the park. We are going to give them a tiger in exchange. Both states have sought approval from the CZA,\" Van Vihar Director B P S Parihar told TOI.Van Vihar right now does not have a tigress fit enough to give birth to cub for last four years, he said. Parihar said one feline Basni does beget cubs, but kills them - hitting the big cat revival programme.Van Vihar is having five tigers and as many tigresses. The tigers are young, but it is not the same with its opposite sex, officials said.Big cats rescued from different parts of the state or man eater and ailing striped animals are brought to Van Vihar-lone animal rescue and rehabilitation centre of Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309151", "title": "Gagan\u2019s hairy tale", "text": "Gagan Malik, who will essay Ram in Ramayan, is extremely focused on getting his look right for his new role. The former Mr India contestant is leaving no stone unturned to ensure he gets his act right.He has decided to grow his wavy locks and get rid of his wig. \"Wigs have a way of taking away the authenticity. It leads to problems when you have to do a retake just because the net of the wig is visible,\" Gagan explains. It is interesting to note that Gagan has also decided to give up on non-vegetarian food and try to control his temper since he will be playing Ram. Gagan has just wrapped up his debut international film, based on Gautam Buddha's life. The film will release in Sri Lanka on January 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16306283", "title": "Bread may become dearer, yet again", "text": "BELGAUM: Brace for another round of hike in bread and cake prices. The Bakery Owners Association (BOA) of Belgaum is all set to increase prices of bakery items for the second time in the last two months, owing to sudden rise in maida prices following shortage of wheat in the market.Last month BOA increased prices by Rs 2-3 of bakery products like bread sandwich, cake rusk, bhaji patties, khari, ladi pav etc., when maida prices went up to Rs 2,250 from Rs 1,850 per quintal. Now, if the central government does not release wheat in the next one week, the association is likely to hike prices again by another rupee or two on different bakery items.Apart from short supply and high price of wheat, rising prices of eggs and margarine also are the reasons for hiking the rates of bakery products, according to Venkatesh Pai of Pai Bakery.Blow to flour millsAs per sources in the managements of flour mills in the district, the Food Corporation of India (FCI) managed by the central government has not released wheat quota of the flour mills for the past two months. It has released only 9,000 tonne of wheat to the state, against the requirement of around 1.50 lakh tonne per month. Besides, this year the FCI purchased wheat more than the target, that is, 49.09 million tonne against general annual purchase of 25-30 million tonne from farmers, causing shortage of wheat in the open market.There are three flour mills in Belgaum district, which reduced functioning to single shift from three shifts in a day, in the past two weeks.They are even running the single shift by purchasing wheat from traders in the open market, with higher prices.Speaking to the TOI, Narendra Gadia, owner of North-Karnataka Roller Flour Mills here said, \"It is difficult to run the industry due to shortage of raw material. The Centre must be sensitive while dealing with such issues, particularly when the state was struggling with drought situation. Most people depend on bakery products, which is the cheapest and easily available food. Such policies of the Centre can have an adverse effect on people, especially the poor,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16306125", "title": "Obama's case for 2nd term: Harder path to better place", "text": "WASHINGTON: The law professor in Barack Obama came to the fore on Thursday as the US president made a persuasive case before the American people for a second term in the White House.In a 45-minute acceptence speech at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, Obama, who briefly taught constitutional law before entering politics, maintained the country is turning around, his job is unfinished, and bringing Republicans - who left him a mess to clean up four years ago - back to power would simply reverse course and take US back to troubled days.The president took the stage after his wife Michelle and the party's political wizard Bill Clinton had opened for him on the first two days of the convention and the wicket had eased considerably. In a speech before an adoring party cadre - and a more skeptical TV audience - Obama defended his first term record and warned that Americans faced a choice between two fundamentally different visions for the future: The individualistic way of the Republicans governed largely by self-interest or the Democratic prescription that relied more on the expertise of the government.While the choice is hardly that stark (both parties mix the two in different proportions), Obama repeatedly punched the \"we are all in this together\" button, pumping up supporters and painting Republicans as a selfish bunch who left people to their own devices. \"Citizenship is more than just self-interest. With rights come responsibilities, which we must share to make a better America and to build the foundation for a better future,\" he said.There was plenty of red meat for the foot-stomping party cadre, including the usual rant against \"American jobs\" being shipped overseas, although India was dropped in the mandatory reference to the two alleged Asian predators, with China alone taking it on the chin. Romney was portrayed as the \"outsourcer-in-chief\" whose capitalist ways and corporate sympathies would eviscerate American dreams.While Clinton had bluntly stated that the \"old economy is not coming back,\" Obama offered a slightly different vision saying his policies, including revamping education, would result in restoring manufacturing muscle in \"a future where we export more products and outsource fewer jobs\".\"I won't pretend the path I'm offering is quick or easy. I never have...the truth is, it will take more than a few years for us to solve challenges that have built up over decades,\" he said. \"But know this, America: Our problems can be solved. Our challenges can be met. The path we offer may be harder, but it leads to a better place. And I'm asking you to choose that future.\"Some pundits thought the speech was underwhelming, offering more hope and few solutions. Obama aides maintained it rolled out specifics, including how he would create new jobs and safeguard US interests internationally. Obama made only a brief reference to the war in Af-Pak and the killing of Osama bin Laden; the speech was almost entirely about rescuing the economy although protecting and enhancing American primacy worldwide was part of the solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16306980", "title": "Want a promotion? Start bragging about your work", "text": "NEW YORK: Want to get ahead at work? Start bragging!According to a new research on how leaders are chosen in a group, men overstate their own ability which in turn leads to their selection as group leaders while women underplay their success.Researchers led by the Northwestern University found that women's tendency to downplay their successes could be holding them back at work, BusinessNewsDaily reported. The study divided MBA students into groups and examined how leaders were selected from them.The results revealed men were more willing to overstate their ability, which, in turn, led to their selection as group leaders.It was found that women were selected less frequently than they should have been based on how they performed in the prior experiment.The researchers said that if companies take into account that workers will brag, it can ensure that only the most qualified workers get the job, and not just the most boastful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306641", "title": "Gond artists join hands with NID", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first thing one notices about the Gond paintings, a traditional art form of eastern Madhya Pradesh tribal, is its naturalistic themes and vivid hues. Snakes, elephants, tigers and peacocks in full bloom are drawn in detail with strong lines and intrinsic designs.From simple 'digna' designs by tribal to sophisticated storytelling paintings, Gond has now become an art form in itself that is explored by contemporary artists in the present context. When the early artists captured their surroundings, today one finds urban life and terror attacks reflected in the traditional paintings.It was this essence that drove the Ahmedabad-based design institute and group of tribal artists to collaborate for an animation film. Four Gond artists will work with 14 animation students from NID over a period of two weeks where they will explore the possibility of converting the tribe's rich oral tradition into lively animation film, tentatively titled 'Tales of the Tribes.'Sekhar Mukherjee, associate senior faculty of animation at NID, told TOI that the project is a collaboration between NID and Adivasi Arts Trust, a UK-based organization currently headed by Tara Douglas.Venkat Raman Singh Shyam, a Gond artist, said that the art form is rich in context and folktales. \"While the art got limited to a particular geographic area for generations, it got revived in 1980s when initiative was taken to bring the artists on one platform and educate them in modern forms,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306078", "title": "Hogenakkal project seen as the saviour", "text": "COIMBATORE: A recent study by Tamil Nadu Water and Drainage (TWAD) Board indicates that Dharmapuri has the highest concentration of endemic fluoride-causing fluorosis in the state. The TWAD Board study reported that water in 3,161 hand pumps among the observed 10,451 had high fluoride contamination. According to experts, the state average of fluoride contamination in water is just 6.9% while it is around 30% in Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri.The TWAD study has identified Pennagaram and Palacode taluks in Dharmapuri district and Kaveripattinam and Bargur taluks in Krishnagiri as having the highest concentration of fluoride. Though about 1,028 identified habitations in Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri have been provided with alternative drinking water supply in the last 10 years, the effort is inadequate in the background of the scale of the crisis. Only a comprehensive drinking water scheme that provides water free of fluoride contamination across the region can address the problem. Many believe that the Hogenakkal project would help achieve the target of fluoride-free water to the entire population.Independent experts attribute the prevailing situation in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri districts to the failure to conserve rainwater and excessive depletion of groundwater. Both the reasons have caused high concentration of fluoride in the underground water. While the permissible level in drinking water is 1-1.5 mg per litre, certain habitations have up to 9mg in a litre of water, which causes dental, skeletal and non-skeletal fluorosis.\"Dental fluorosis occurs mainly due to heavy ingestion of fluoride from the foetal stage up to 12 years,\" say health activists. When pregnant women drink fluoride-infected water, the foetus also gets affected. Skeletal and non-skeletal fluorosis is characterised by pain in bones and joints, stiff back, burning sensation, muscle weakness, chronic fatigue, gastrointestinal disorders and loss of appetite. The fresh campaign by government in both the districts at a cost of Rs 28 crore mainly advocates use of boiled water. Direct intake of untreated water often creates problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303574", "title": "HC notice to BJP MLA, son in Jat murder case", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court has issued notices returnable within four weeks to BJP MLA Kamal Patel, his son Sandeep Patel and two others on a criminal revision petition moved by prosecution Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), challenging a lower court order which quashed charges against them in the much-talked about killing of a youth Durgesh Jat in 2008 in Harda district.CBI has challenged the Harda district court's order of July 20, 2011 wherein former Madhya Pradesh minister Kamal Patel, his son Sandeep and two others were absolved of all charges in the case.CBI counsel Radhelal Gupta told the single bench of the high court comprising justice M A Siddique on Friday that Harda additional and sessions judge had discharged the four persons in the first stage even before the charges were framed.Counsel for CBI in the lower courts, Subhash Bhattacharya said when the CBI court of Indore had committed the case to Harda district court it opposed it saying it was wrongfully exercised. \"In Harda district court, I had contended that special designated CBI court should hear the case in Indore, he said. \"I had argued that the Harda court wasn't even empowered to hear the case,\" he said.On November 11, 2008, the high court had handed over the case to CBI for investigation on a habeas corpus petition filed by Ram Vilas Jat, father of Durgesh stating that the MP police wasn't probing into his son's mysterious disappearance from a farm house of Patels in Harda.Also, the court had directed that if Durgesh is dead, the reasons behind it should be probed into.Durgesh was last seen alive in the government bungalow of Kamal Patel at Harda from where he was shifted to some unknown place.The Harda district court freed Kamal Patel from charges under section 120-B, 304(2) and 201 of IPC and absolved his son Sandeep l, Deepak Saran and Arun Jat from charges under section 27 Arms Act, under sections 304, 307, 458 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304586", "title": "Another female fetus found", "text": "JAIPUR: The recent efforts by the state government to check female feticide suffered a setback when the Kotputli police found a five-month-old fetus near national highway (NH) 8 on Friday.The fetus was dumped at a vacant plot near a service lane. A six-year-old boy spotted the fetus and informed the residents of the area about it. People from nearby areas gathered at the spot and Kotputli councilor Shambhu Lal Saini informed the police about the incident. The police took the fetus and brought it to Kotputli's BDM hospital.In the last six months, the state government has made serious efforts to check female feticide. But, this development shows that battle against gender discrimination is yet to be intensified.Investigating officer Satveer Singh said, \"We have seized records of nearby hospitals to investigate into the matter. We have also registered an FIR against unidentified persons.\"Through the records, the police would check the details of pregnant women who came to these hospitals. Singh said doctors who conducted the postmortem of the fetus claimed that it was five months old. The police have also questioned people living in the nearby areas.After conducting the postmortem, they buried the fetus.The child sex ratio in Rajasthan has declined by 26 points from 909 to 883 between 2001 and 2011. In the last one year, fetuses were found in Hindaun, Jaipur, Chittorgarh and other cities of the state.The state government had intensified its fight against female feticide after action Aamir Khan took up the issue in his TV serial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305048", "title": "Literacy seminar participant found dead in city hotel", "text": "LUCKNOW: An assistant director of adult education institute in Maharashtra who had come to attend the three-day long seminar and workshop held on the occasion of Saksharta Diwas was found dead in the hotel room on Friday. The officer was to present a report on adult education at the seminar on Saturday to be attended by Vice-President Hamid Ansari. Police had described the cause of death as a \"heart failure\" that was reportedly confirmed in the post-mortem examination of the dead body later in the day. The body was taken to Aurangabad by air on Friday evening.The incident came to light around 7.00 a.m. on Friday morning when a call from room number 410 informed GS Bhisht, the manager of Hotel Mera Mann near Hussainganj crossing that the occupant Vijay P Jadhav was lying unconscious in his bed. The hotel staff summoned a doctor from the Harman Hospital, who examined Jadhav and pronounced him dead.It was later revealed that the person who informed the hotel manager about the incident was PS Udwant, a consultant with the MS Institute of Adult Education (MSIAE), Aurgangabad (Maharashtra). Udwant identified the victim Vijay P Jadhav (52) as the director of MSIAE, a Maharashtra government undertaking. Jadhav along with a 16-member delegation had checked into the hotel on Thursday evening. The delegation was in town to attend the three-day seminar - cum - workshop on adult education on the occasion of Saksharta Diwas in the state capital.As per Udwant, who was sharing the room with Jadhav, both of them went to sleep after dinner at around 9.00 p.m. On Friday morning when Udwant tried to wake up Jadhav, he found him lying still. Udwant then informed the hotel management, which in turn brought in a doctor from a private hospital, who confirmed that Jadhav had died sometime during the night.The police, quoting colleagues of Jadhav, claimed that he had a history of heart ailments and had even suffered a heart attack in the past as well. Police have ruled out the possibilities of foul play on the basis of information gathered by the investigators till late on Friday evening.After the post-mortem examination of Jadhav on Friday afternoon, his body was handed over to his colleagues who left for Aurangabad in the evening by air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304386", "title": "Monsoon near normal, deficit dips below 10%", "text": "NEW DELHI: The all-India monsoon deficit fell below 10% of normal level for the first time this season on Friday, on the back of a remarkable rainfall rally since August 1, when the deficit had stood at 19% and the country was staring at a bad drought year.According to the India Meteorological Department, the monsoon deficit on Friday was 9% of the long period average, categorized as 'below normal' in the department's monsoon nomenclature . Till now, the rainfall had been 'deficient' (less than 90% of normal).As much as 64% of the country has now received normal or excess rain this season, while the rest have had deficient rainfall, which in this case means 20% below normal.The latest dent in the rain deficit came due to the season's best week of rains (August 30-September 5), when the all-India average rainfall was 31% above normal. This week alone shaved off 2% from the overall shortfall.With good rains in the past fortnight in northwest India \u2014the region that includes the grain bowl states where the shortfall was the maximum \u2014 the deficit here has fallen to 13%. This is less than the shortfall in east and Northeast India, where it is 15%.IMD also released data for August, which shows the country had 1% above normal rainfall during the month. By contrast, rainfall in July was 13% below normal.The monsoon continues to remain active. According to the Met department forecast, there will be fairly widespread rain in central and east India till the first half of next week. For the next two-three days, western Himalayas and adjoining northwestern plains may also see fairly widespread rain. Rain is also forecast for the west coast and the northeastern region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305068", "title": "UPSIDC to develop integrated industrial township at Chola", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation has been identified as the nodal agency for developing the integrated industrial township at Chola in Dadri-Noida-Ghaziabad area.Emphasising that there is ample scope of industrial development in Uttar Pradesh under Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor project, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Gupta said different agencies of the state government will have 51% equity, while Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation Limited will have 49% stake in the proposed Special Purpose Vehicle to develop an integrated industrial hi-tech township. In the SPV formed with DMIC, Greater Noida Authority and Bulandshahr Khurja Development Board would be participants. Gupta also said that the state government is exploring the possibility of a project on the lines of DMIC on Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor to spur industrial development along the DMIC corridor.Of 1,890 kilometres of the Eastern Freight Corridor Project, nearly 1,100 kilometres passes through Uttar Pradesh. The government will also set up five feeder routes measuring nearly 700 kilometres, out of 14 feeder routes proposed under Eastern Freight Corridor, in UP. Managing Director, UPSIDC, Manoj Singh also said that UPSIDC will have equity in the form of around 2,000 acre of land that is being acquired in Chola near Ghaziabad.In a separate decision, the UPSIDC board also cleared a proposal for UPSIDC to contribute to the proposed extension of a 9.41-km Metro rail line to New Bus station and from Ghaziabad to Dilshad Garden. The board also decided that UPSIDC will generate funds for this purpose by levying Metro cess at the rate of Rs 5,000 per square metre on land in industrial areas in and around Ghaziabad.Board of directors of UPSIDC also gave in-principle approval to make freehold of all housing land of UPSIDC. A housing policy will be formulated in this regard. IIDC, Anil K Gupta said, \"It is a major policy decision and a final decision will be taken only after approval by the state cabinet combined with opinion of finance and law departments.\" Gupta also issued strict directions to senior officials of UPSIDC to demand better performance in maintaining industrial estates held by corporations, within a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16306316", "title": "No separate wards for dengue, Japanese encephalitis, swine flu", "text": "KANPUR: The health authorities claim to be prepared to handle seasonal diseases but the scene at district hospitals is contrary to that. No government hospital has 'isolation ward' for diseases like swine flu, dengue or Japanese encephalitis . Even the laboratory of the medical college is ill-equipped to test blood samples.As per the recent guidelines of state health authorities, all the district hospitals must have a 10-bed isolated ward for JE, dengue and swine flu. All the government hospitals and CHCs must have medicines. Trained staff should be posted in the wards. Educational sessions should also be held in rural areas.The situation is just the opposite at the hospitals due to lack of funds and space.Chief medical superintendent, Ursula Horsman Hospital, Dr UC Sinha said that a 10-bed isolation ward is there but is tough to use it for three diseases. The hospital also have three isolated rooms for special cases, but the condition is miserable.According to hospital sources, the sanitary conditions at isolation wards of the UHM hospital is poor.The rooms lack basic facilities like proper ventilation and cooling.The condition in the 10-bed isolation ward is not much different. There is no partition between two beds. The ward has a common toilet, raising concerns about the arrangements.\"We use single isolation ward for each disease. No dengue, JE or swine flu case had been reported here. But if patients come, the situation will be difficult to manage,\" said a doctor.The scenes at Kamlapat Singhania Memorial Hospital and Manyawar Kashiram Sanyukt Chikitsalaya and Trauma Center are no different. There is no isolation ward. These hospitals are also facing shortage of medicines.\"It will take some more time for the medicine supply to normalize. We are managing medicine from hospital funds\" Dr LB Singh, CMS, KPM Hospital said.The most disappointing condition is at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. The beds in the general wards are in such a poor condition that two patients are accommodated on a bed. The wards and toilets are lying unclean.In the medicine ward at LLR, a diarrhoea patient was accommodated with a viral fever patient while an injury case was sleeping with skin infection one. Worse is the condition of paediatric ward, where only 12 beds are there for 40 patients. The dengue patient is sleeping with a viral case while the JE patient is accommodated with another patient.\"There is no place for isolation ward. The severe patients are shifted in emergency while the non-serious ones are accommodated in the wards without any specification,\" said Dr CS Singh, CMS, LLR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16306998", "title": "Kudankulam village under thick security", "text": "MADURAI: The coastal village of Kudankulam has been brought under a thick security blanket, as the countdown for loading of enriched uranium fuel began at the first reactor of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP).A large posse of policemen has been deployed in Kudankulam, as well as all entry points to the village to prevent attempts by anti-nuclear activists to besiege the reactor. Villagers and anti-nuclear activists led by People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) coordinator S P Udayakumar, meanwhile, held a series of meetings at neighbouring Idinthakarai to decide the next course of protest. PMANE has announced that a massive protest rally would be taken to Kudankulam on Sunday opposing the loading of uranium fuel rods. The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) gave the clearance for fuel loading on August 10 and the Madras high court has also said that it would not interfere in the process.Though PMANE has announced that it would approach the Supreme Court, to stall fuel loading, officials at KKNPP and police suspect that they may attempt to besiege the nuclear plant as they did a year ago.Police force has been rushed from adjoining districts as well as Kerala to guard the nuclear plant site. Tirunelveli collector R Selvaraj, range DIG Varadharaju, SP Vijayendra Bidari also visited Kudankulam and took stock of the situation. Police said that PMANE was organising villagers from the coastal region in a bid to stage a protest in front of the plant and prevent the employees from entering the nuclear plant.\"A large number of villagers attempted to stage a protest in front of the plant on Thursday. But we prevented it and got them dispersed,\" said a police officer. The PMANE in a statement has called upon the public and political parties to join their protest to besiege the nuclear plant on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304092", "title": "Student's family for action against school", "text": "NAGPUR: City police is facing a tough challenge in reaching to a conclusion regarding the suicide of 17-year-old Akshay Lokhande.Even as Akshay's family is gearing up for a fight to get justice a day after the incident, the management of Dinanath High School and Junior College has been defending their action by claiming that they had merely tried to drill the concept of discipline into the student. They said that they nothing personal against the student.Akshay had committed suicide by jumping into a well near his Joshiwadi residence at Ajni on Wednesday evening. He along with the four other students had been suspended from school for six months for smoking cigarettes near the institution. The school had summoned the parents too. Though no suicide note was found, the Akshay's family is now blaming the school management for his suicide.A close relative of Akshay said that the family members are now contemplating tough action against the management in order to ensure that they don't escape punishment for their actions.The school management has claimed that Akshay and his friends had even threatened the concerned teacher with dire consequences for taking action against them. According to sources, the school management didn't approach the police over the issue as they didn't want the students' futures to be affected.Deputy commissioner of police, Chandra Kishor Meen visited the school and held a meeting with the school management. Sources said that the DCP wants to hold a meeting between the management and Akshay's family so that they can sort out issues and clear their misunderstandings.No decision has yet been taken on whether a case would be registered against the school management. The police are also trying to verify whether Akshay committed suicide because of his uncle's scolding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16304383", "title": "Cops book Tytler, Cong leaders for city clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police on Friday booked senior Congress leaders Jagdish Tytler, Niranjan Patnaik and others in five different cases pertaining to the previous day's clash between Congress supporters and security personnel here. Police also arrested 34 people on charges of being involved in the violence that left scores, including Congress activists, cops and mediapersons, injured.As the Opposition Congress and ruling BJD resorted to a blamegame over Thursday's bloodletting, police registered five cases (four at Capital police station and one at Kharvela Nagar police station) and intensified efforts to identify and arrest those responsible for the mayhem. Cases were lodged under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting armed with deadly weapon), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt), 333 (causing grievous hurt), 336 (endangering lives of others), 337 (causing hurt), 353 (assault), 354 (outraging modesty), 431 (mischief by injury), 437 (mischief to destroy), 120B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC and section 3 and 4 of Prevention of Destruction of Public Property (PDPP) Act.\"We have registered different cases against Congress leaders, including Jagdish Tytler and Niranjan Patnaik,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh told TOI. \"The complainants are inspector-in-charge, Capital police station; woman constable Pramilla Padhi, who was brutally assaulted; security officer of the pilot squad, who were attached to provide security to Tytler; a local resident, whose house was invaded and ransacked by Congress supporters; and a mediaperson, whose camera was stolen,\" he added.In a related development, Congress has demanded an inquiry into Thursday's incident either by a sitting high court judge or the Lokpal.AICC general secretary in charge of Odisha Tytler said, \"The BJD was doing all this to defame us. Shame on those who are accusing our workers of being drunk. Why did the police not arrest those who were inebriated?\"Reacting to the filing of cases, state Congress president told TOI, \"The BJD government has been misusing the administrative machinery and attempting to stifle democracy. Legally and politically we will fight it out.\"Stating that people are deeply shocked by this violent incident, CM Naveen Patnaik said, \"Odisha is a state known for its peaceful atmosphere. Such violence should be condemned.\"While Congress has given a call for Odisha bandh on September 10 protesting the alleged police excesses, BJD announced it would hold a convention at Exhibition Ground here on Saturday condemning Congress' bid to disrupt peace in the state. \"All frontal organizations of our party would jointly organize the event to remonstrate against the Congress' bid to create law and order situation, especially by targeting women , in the state,\" BJD youth wing chief Sanjay Dasburma said.Taking strong exception to the attack on security personnel, especially Padhi, different police service associations demanded immediate arrest of Niranjan and Tytler for allegedly instigating the mob to resort to violence. \"We also demand the government not to allow more than 2000 people to stage demonstration along the Mahatma Gandhi Marg,\" said president, Odisha Havildar and Constables' Association, Padmanabh Behera. \"We will cease work if those accused of assaulting Padhi and other police personnel are not apprehended within 48 hours. We will also boycott duty of Congress VIPs,\" Odisha Police Association general secretary Sunil Mohanty said.While Congress leaders blamed the police administration and the state government for failing to manage the large crowd that had gathered in response to their 'Assembly gherao' convention, BJD charged Congress of \"goondaism\" and perpetrating violence. \"It was Tytler who instigated the crowd to engage in violence,\" charged Pradeep Maharathy (BJD). Both the Opposition and treasury benches sloganeered over the issue in the Assembly, leading to transaction of little legislative business. On the last day of the 10-day monsoon session, BJD members showed placards condemning the Congress for Thursday's violence while the main Opposition party MLAs trooped to the well of the House, ensuring only six minutes of business in the pre-lunch session. The post-lunch session also ended without much significance.Leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh accused the police of acting as 'goondas' at BJD's behest. \"All those who came to the meeting were not necessarily Congress workers. A large number of common people had come to the convention because of the issues the party was raising,\" he said. \"Police acted in an undemocratic manner and attacked the public with a view to spoil our meeting,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306902", "title": "Harbour line to take elevated route at Kurla", "text": "MUMBAI: More than a century after operations began on the Harbour line , one of the most important stations on the route\u2014Kurla\u2014is set for a major change.The Central Railway (CR) authorities have decided to build a 1.5-km elevated stretch , which will include new platforms , at Kurla for Harbour line services. This, in turn , will allow them to use the existing Harbour line tracks (platforms 7 and 8) as the fifth and sixth tracks between Parel and Kurla on the Main line.Explaining the project , a senior CR official said : \"We have decided to take the Harbour line tracks to an elevated level at Kurla due to lack of space for the fifth and sixth lines on the Main line. Once the elevated platforms are built, the existing Harbour line tracks at the ground level will be connected to the fifth and sixth lines going towards Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.\"The elevated stretch would extend from Swadeshi Mills in the south (towards Chunabhatti ) and close to Tilak Nagar station in the north. Officials said the work would start by April-M ay 2013 if things went according to plan. The project would take three years to be completed , they added.As of now, there are eight platforms at Kurla station, of which numbers 7 and 8 are used for Harbour services. \"The design will be similar to the one used for the elevated Sandhurst Road station. RITES will decide if the elevated platforms will be built of concrete, steel or a mix of both. The cost of building the elevated stretch is estimated to be Rs 70 crore,\" the official said.The work, said sources, would be carried out in such a manner that Harbour line services would not be affected. Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) will fund the project involving the fifth and sixth tracks, include the elevated Harbour line section.Laying the fifth and sixth lines between Kurla and CST will cost around Rs 800-900 crore, excluding the expenditure to be incurred on the rehabilitation of those occupying the structures that would be affected. However, there are problems on the ground as CR will have to acquire 6,500 sq m of land for the tracks between Currey Road and CST alone. As a large number of buildings have to be removed on this stretch, the process can be a long-drawn one.So, MRVC and CR have decided to take the fifth and sixth lines up to Parel, where a terminus is proposed in Phase I, to begin with. Around 8,000 sq m will have to acquired between Sion and Matunga on this stretch.The fifth-sixth corridor already exists between Kurla &amp; Thane and Diva &amp; Kalyan ; work has also begun on laying tracks between Thane &amp; Diva. Once the project is completed, long-distance and goods trains will stop using the Fast corridor. This will allow the authorities to provide faster and more suburban services from Kalyan to CST.The Harbour line was officially opened on December 12, 1910, between Kurla and Reay Road.In 1925, the elevated stretch between Dockyard Road and Sandhurst Road was opened to provide connectivity to Victoria Terminus, as it was known in those days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305866", "title": "CISF jawan killed in airport accident", "text": "KOLKATA: A CISF jawan, Naresh Kumar, was killed and several others seriously injured when a vehicle transporting them overturned in the airport's apron area. According to sources, the driver of the vehicle, ferrying 10 CISF personnel from one office to another within the airport, lost control of the vehicleduring a sharp turn on an uneven section of the paved area, causing the vehicle to land on its side.The men who were seated inside without any harness were thrown violently against the metal body of the bus, causing major head injuries.The jawans and the bus driver were rushed to private hospitals. Three of them were admitted to intensive care unit in critical condition. While Naresh died, Anjani Kumar and Akhilesh Pandey are still battling for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306776", "title": "Ganeshotsav celebrations: Ganpati volunteers get tips on tackling disaster", "text": "MUMBAI: In the first initiative of its kind, the BMC's disaster management cell offered a comprehensive training programme to Ganesh mandal volunteers that taught them to handle multiple emergencies from bomb blasts to flash floods. The day-long session was conducted at Worli on Friday.At the end of the session, around 300 'ganasevaks' in their early 20s proudly held certificates to show for it. The parent body of Ganesh mandals, Bruhanmumbai Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav Samanvay Samiti, had approached the disaster management cell requesting them to train its youths following a similar partnership with the Mumbai police. \"This is a pathbreaking initiative because the skills that the boys acquired will stand them in good stead not just during Ganeshotsav but throughout the year. After an hour-long lecture in the morning, they received practical lessons in how to extinguish fires, detect short circuits, rescue people during flash floods and waterlogging, and provide first aid,\" said Naresh Dahibawkar, president of the Samiti.Among the tips the volunteers received were how to administer CPR (cardiopulmonary resuscitation) to patients who may have suffered a heart attack. The cloudburst of July 2005 also figured as a prominent example during the programme. Senior officials of the disaster management cell recalled how the casualties of 26/11 would have reduced had first aid been available to the victims. \"It took a while before bystanders and the police transported them to hospital. Had they been stabilized on the spot there is a chance more people would have survived,\" an official said.The Samiti plans a similar exercise on September 12, and this time, it hopes more women will participate. \"Men tend to hesitate before stepping forward to help women. We are encouraging female 'karyakartas' to take up training,\" said Dahibawkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306645", "title": "Cities with Bus Rapid Transit System network form consortium", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time in the country, 14 major cities where Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) networks are in various stages of construction will form a consortium to share knowledge and act as a pressure group to bargain better deals from bus-manufacturing companies, technology providers and even construction companies. The move is a major step towards rationalizing project input costs in the long run. The decision to form an association was taken at the Asia BRTS conference held in the city. A formal announcement will be made in a few days.\"This is a move to stop all incongruent business deals in the mass transport sector. With the union ministry of urban development standardizing the 'urban bus' design it would become important for us to exert pressure on manufacturers to design specific buses,\" says a senior AMC official.Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra told TOI, \"Initially, we thought of an Asia association of BRTS cities, but that did not sound logical as currently many Indian cities are facing common issues and it would be more meaningful if we partner first. Once we deal with our own issues we can go on to form the Asia consortium,\" says Mohapatra.Another major development at the Asia BRTS meet was that the Pakistani city of Lahore had representation and was keenly studying the Ahmedabad BRTS model. The Lahore-based planner and chief executive officer, urban unit in Punjab, Dr Nasir Javed, interacted with many members here. \"Both Karachi and Lahore are interested in Ahmedabad model and have been interacting with us for the past few months on this,\" says Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306640", "title": "HC order on Chudasama's bail plea on September 28", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has kept September 28 for order on the bail plea filed by suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasama, who was arrested in April 2010 in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.After the CBI arrested Chudasama on charges of hatching conspiracy and influencing witnesses, he moved a bail plea last year. However, three HC judges - Z K Saiyed, M D Shah and Bankim Mehta - recused themselves from hearing this bail application. Finally, Justice Abhilasha Kumari heard the petition at length.Chudasama's lawyer S V Raju submitted before the court that the CBI framed the IPS officer in order to reach to former MoS Home, Amit Shah , or else the case against Chudasama was completely based on hearsay evidence.The senior counsel reiterated that the extortion racket theory put forth by the CBI and Chudasama's alleged involvement in the racket was completely baseless.The CBI's counsel Yogesh Ravani opposed the bail plea by asserting on the aspect of conspiracy in this case. He narrated before the court how Chudasama allegedly planted Tulsiram to trace Sohrabuddin in November 2005. He submitted that the plan to trick in Sohrabuddin was executed by Chudasama by staging a shootout at the Popular Builders' office.Sohrab's brother Rubabuddin also joined in the proceeding. His counsel Mukul Sinha submitted that the hearsay evidence coming from other Sohrabuddin's aides can be considered admissible, particularly because the prime witness Tulsiram was killed. He cited exceptions of Section 32 of Evidence Act in this regard.However, Chudasama's lawyer rebutted the conspiracy charge by saying that the suspended cop was not chargesheeted in the Tulsiram encounter case. In his bail plea, Chudasama stated that he could be released on condition of not entering the state limits where witnesses reside. Interestingly, witnesses in this case reside in five different states - Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "khandwa", "code": "16303251", "title": "Centre, state take note of jal satyagrahis", "text": "KHANDWA: It took 14 days for the Union and state governments to take note of the woes of 50 farmers, including females, who have taken to jal satyagraha, in Ghogalgaon in Khandwa district, protesting against the government's decision to increase water level in Omkareshwar dam without compensating them with land that they would be losing in submergence. Union minister Veerappa Moily will be sending a two-member team to the protesting farmers to resolve the deadlock on Monday, said sources close to the satyagrahis.Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , who had not reacted from last 13 days, claimed that the state government is sensitive towards the families affected by Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar reservoirs. No such family would be deprived of its rehabilitation rights. He urged the people of submergence area to have trust in him and the state government and not to be misled. The chief minister directed state Cabinet ministers Kailash Vijayvargiya and Kunwar Vijay Shah to immediately visit the submergence-affected villages and act for the redressal of the genuine grievances of the affected families. The ministers would proceed to the area on September 8 to take stock of the situation and report to the chief minister. Vijayvargiya called up the protesting farmers and expressed his willingness to hold talks with them. The representatives of the protesting farmers would be meeting the minister on Saturday in Bhopal. Social activist Alok Agrawal, who has been supporting the farmers, said that more than 1000 people will protest in Bhopal to express solidarity with the farmers protesting 'in water.'It's almost a fortnight since the farmers have been protesting for their demand of proper rehabilitation as per the Supreme Court's directives.One of the protesters Sukhlabai, who is unable to tell her exact age has been worst sufferer with every inch of her land facing the threat of submergence, said the government has befooled us. \"Without informing the reason and other details, they deposited around Rs 1 lakh in her account,\" she said adding that if she had realised that she is being cheated into the she would have never accepted it. Sukhlabai, whose hands have turned numb, said that fish have been nibbling at her hands and feet, and therefore she is unable to eat on her own and she is being fed by other with spoon.60-year-old Girjabai shivers as she stands neck-deep in water. Her wrinkly palms and feet are narrating tale of her deteriorating health. The old woman from Kamankheda village in the district, gasps for breath as she voices the angst of her fellow protesters. \"The government better shoots us than giving us this watery grave,\" she says.Farmers from Ghogal Aawan, Bilawa, Bada Kailawa, Sukaya, and Kamankheda villages are protesting the state government's decision of increasing water-level in dams in the region. They claimed that over 1,000 acres of land is already submerged and 60 villages are on the verge of submergence if water-level in Omkareshwar dam is increased further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16306950", "title": "Stick to dealines", "text": "This project has gone on for far too long. There may have been reasons for the delay \u2014 no agency would like to deliberately delay a project \u2014 but the problem of major infrastructure projects missing multiple deadlines has become endemic in India. \"Tomorrow's gain\" may temporarily appear to be a hollow promise, especially for people staying close to construction sites, if \"today's pain\" stretches on seemingly interminably.Related story : Metro gain still far, residents vent their pain", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306599", "title": "60k register for CMAT, Mumbai leads", "text": "MUMBAI: Close to 60,000 students have registered for the Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) conducted by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE).Registration for the nationwide examination, which will be held in September, closed on Friday. CMAT will be held twice for admissions to the 2013-14 academic session. The next round is in February 2013.According to AICTE chairperson S S Mantha, the registration figures are similar to what was seen last year. \"However, we are conducting the exam twice this year. The other session will be conducted in February 2013,\" said Mantha, adding that Mumbai had the highest number of registrations with around 9,000 candidates, followed by cities such as Delhi, Pune and Ahmedabad. A student can appear for CMAT in both the sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "arambol", "code": "16305212", "title": "Python rescued at Arambol", "text": "ARAMBOL: Lifeguards on Friday morning rescued a two-metre long python at Arambol beach. Anthony Rodrigues noticed the python entangled in a fishing net on the shore, struggling to free itself. With the help of his colleagues Siddhesh Dhargalkar and Navso Haldankar they freed the reptile and handed it over to animal rescue officials.Margao handcarts to be painted white: All handcarts in Margao will soon sport white a colour. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the standing committee of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) on markets, on Friday. It was also decided to make it mandatory for the handcart operators to carry their identity cards and that the licence numbers should be mandatorily affixed on them. They will also not be allowed to put chairs and tables near the carts.Police brief Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav mandals: Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav mandals in Margao and surrounding areas have been directed by the police to put in place adequate security measures at the venue of the community celebrations that will begin from September 19. Instructions to that effect were given by South Goa SP Allen De Sa to the representatives of the Ganeshotsav mandals at a meeting convened by him at the district police headquarters on Friday. The mandals were told to make their own security arrangements, including hiring security guards, and adopt all precautionary measures to prevent any law and order problem. The police will, however, carry out anti-sabotage checks on the day of Ganesh Chaturthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16305983", "title": "IIM-K director takes a dig at CBSE", "text": "KOCHI: Taking a dig at the Central Board of Secondary Education's (CBSE) continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE) scheme, IIM (Kozhikode) director Debashis Chatterjee said that it has become a synonym for 'complete chaos in education'.Chatterjee was addressing a conference (Utkarsh 2012), organised by Sahodaya schools in Kochi on Friday.In his keynote address, Chatterjee said: \"Now irrelevant questions are being asked in a purposeful manner as we think of education as an extension of a factory. We need to understand that schools are not mere structures, but they are places which nurture the future.\" Criticizing present day principals and teachers, Chatterjee said, \"You have got obsessed with structures - CCE, CBSE, boards etc.\"Taking a further dig at CBSE's move to incorporate value-based education in the school curriculum, Chatterjee said, \"Values have to be imbibed and not incorporated. You can never talk about values, as they are subtle. CBSE is a great organization and I don't want to quarrel with them. But certain things you (principals) have to decide, whether it is required or not.\"Further, Chatterjee emphasized on the need to move students from pre-conceived context to active learning.\"Your job as a principal is to enable teachers, so that they can encourage students to articulate what they have learnt,\" he said.After listening to Chatterjee, Kochi Sahodaya complex secretary Jayaprabha Pradeep replied, \"We will try to be less obsessed with CCE, simplify the learning process and try to liberate the learner.\"Chief secretary K Jayakumar, who inaugurated the conference said, \"Ultimately excellence is nothing but achieving harmony\".Sahodaya, an organization of principals of CBSE schools in and around Kochi, has 86 member schools under it. Sahodaya organised the conference on the theme - 'Principals as ambassadors of excellence'.Kochi: Taking a dig at the Central Board of Secondary Education's (CBSE) Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) scheme, IIM (Kozhikode) director, Debashis Chatterjee, said that it has become a synonym for \"complete chaos in education\".Chatterjee, in his keynote address at the two-day conference, Utkarsh 2012, organised by the Sahodaya schools complex in Kochi on Friday said, \"Now irrelevant questions in education are being asked in a purposeful manner, as we think of education as an extension of a factory. We need to understand that schools are not mere structures, but they are places which nurture the future\".Criticizing present day principals and teachers, Chatterjee noted, \"You have got obsessed with structures - CCE, CBSE, Board etc\".Taking further dig at CBSE's move to incorporate value based education in the school curriculum, Chatterjee said, \"Values have to be imbibed and not incorporated. You can never talk about values, as they are subtle. CBSE is a great organization and I don't want to quarrel with them. But certain things you (principals) have to decide, whether it is required or not\".Further, Chatterjee emphasized on the need to move students from pre-conceived context to active learning. \"Your job as a principal is to enable teachers so that they enable students by simplifying rules and structures and encouraging students to articulate what they have learnt\", he added.After listening to Chatterjee, Kochi Sahodaya complex secretary, Jayaprabha Pradeep said, \"We will try to be less obsessed with CCE, simplify the learning process and try to liberate the learner\".Sahodaya, an organization of principals of CBSE schools in and around Kochi working towards the professional development of principals, has 86 member schools under it. Sahodaya organised the conference on the theme - \"Principals as ambassadors of excellence\".Chief Secretary K Jayakumar, who inaugurated the conference added, \"Ultimately excellence is nothing but achieving harmony\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304883", "title": "'Working' couple robbed homes", "text": "MUMBAI: A Wadala-based couple, in their 30s, who left their home daily on the pretext of going to work, have turned out be involved in robbery, house break-ins and chain snatchings in Mira Road. The couple who used to travel on their two-wheeler and flee after committing the crime are lodged in the Thane central jail.The misdeeds of Mohammed Mohimtule (37) and his wife Anjum (30) were exposed in July when they were caught while breaking into a vacant flat at Laxmi Park in Mira Road. The modus operandi was to gain entry into housing societies on the pretext of finding an address. They would then break into a locked flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306634", "title": "Cops to file FIR in lawyer escape case", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court was on Friday informed that the police would register an FIR in connection with the incident in which a lawyer escaped from Bombay Hospital in May 2011 while being under detention.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Rajesh Ketkar was hearing a PIL by Jalgaon activist Narendra Patil, urging an inquiry against the policemen who allegedly facilitated the escape of Tanaji Bhoite, a history-sheeter.Additional public prosecutor Aruna Pai submitted that Bhoite is absconding and a proclamation has been issued against him. She said the senior inspector of the Azad Maidan police station, who was present, would register an FIR within a week. Patil's advocate M J Bhatt said the other prayer was for a departmental inquiry against the policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16305176", "title": "'Criminals grabbing land in Daltonganj'", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Criminals in Daltonganj are taking to land deals to brandish money and power, SP Palamu Anoop T Mathew said. The crooks are eyeing disputed lands, litigated lands, land on distress sale, he said.Late on the Thursday evening at a press meet, the SP presented a gang of six criminals, all in the age group of 22 to 26, arrested for illegal land grabbing.\"The gangsters indulged in everything from land grabbing to coercing the land owner to surrender the land and then selling it for a premium,\" said Mathew. The modus operandi of the gangsters was simple. First they tried to identify a plot of land and after doing the ground work, the gangsters used to take possession of original 'kabala' to frustrate any future litigation.A few months back a widow's house was bulldozed by the gangsters and her land was grabbed by the crooks, police said. Mathew said apart from land grabbing, the gangsters also indulged in extortion from rich and influential people here.The police sent the six arrested criminals to jail on Thursday. The criminals were identified as Luv Singh and Kush Singh, Chhotu Singh, Sonu Dubey, Nitish Mehta and Saurav Singh. Police recovered four bikes one 9mm pistol, 13 cartridges and one gun from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16310219", "title": "Powai residents research on lakes and water bodies", "text": "MUMBAI: The very survival of humanity is largely dependent on the existence of lakes and similar water bodies. Lakes perform the function of water warehousing purification and distribution without which humanity would perish.But not well-known to all are the hidden contributions to survival that lakes account for. Lakes provide 'green lungs' to urban development, they support aquatic life like fish which are rich sources of food, they support a wide range of fauna and flora essential for a proper ecological balance and healthy environmental conditions.Elsie Gabriel founder of the Young Environmentalists Programme trust, \" I have been researching on the Powai lake for the last 12 years. To help in broadening the base of its activities and to successfully expand its base of active persons from all walks of life particularly senior officials from allied organizations.\"The Government and the Student Community, NASS has now organized an International Conference to be held on September 9 2012.The Conference organized by Naushad Ali Sarovar Samvardhini along with Maharashtra State Angling Association, Indian Association of Aquatic Biologists and Young Environmentalist Programme Trust. It is also supported by active participation from Central Institute of Fisheries Education Mumbai, Shrishti Eco-Research Institute Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306690", "title": "SHO says Haryana minister misbehaved with him", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A station house officer (SHO) of Dadri police station on Friday alleged that Haryana cooperatives minister Satpal Sangwan used abusive language and threatened him at the civil hospital on Thursday.Following a complaint from SHO Satpal Singh Yadav, Dadri police have started investigations. Dadri DSP Suresh Hooda said a daily diary report was filed with the police following instructions from Bhiwani SP Pankaj Nain.The incident occurred when Sangwan's former personal assistant Ravinder Yadav and his two relatives were brought to the civil hospital for treatment after they suffered injuries in a group clash on Thursday evening.Sangwan, who was touring the Dadri constituency, also rushed to the hospital to meet Ravinder. At that time the SHO reached the hospital to record the statement of Ravinder. The cop said the minister used abusive language and misbehaved with him alleging that the police reached the clash spot and hospital late.Sangwan admitted that he had spoken to the SHO at the civil hospital and scolded him for coming late to record the statement. He denied that he used abusive language.\"One of my former PAs sustained injuries in an assault by some persons. I had gone to inquire about his health. I just told the SHO that you should be ashamed that you reached the spot and hospital late,\" the minister said.In his complaint, the SHO demanded action against Sangwan.Meanwhile, INLD chief and leader of opposition Om Prakash Chautala said, \"The chief minister should sack Sangwan and order his arrest\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16306246", "title": "Dog catchers missing in action", "text": "HUBLI: The exodus of northeast people from different parts of the state including Hubli and Dharwad in the last one month has had its fallout on some unexpected quarters. Following the incident, the process of sterilization of dogs for birth control has almost come to a halt in the twin cities.The catch is that the experts, who would catch dogs for sterilization, are missing in action. All the ten dog catching experts the HDMC had hired through an NGO were from the NE, and about seven of them have left for their home, leaving the corporation in a quandary over continuing its operation against stray dogs.With a view to control the stray dog population in the city, the HDMC had outsourced the services of catching and sterilizing dogs to a Hyderabad-based NGO Vet Society for Animal and Rural Development. With no local people forthcoming to catch dogs, the NGO had hired skilled NE people, about 10 of them, for the purpose. However, after the communal riots in the NE, about seven of them left the twin cities and went to their home towns. With only about 3-4 people available to catch dogs, the HDMC's mission to curb stray dog menace has suffered a setback.As per the NGO's agenda, it is mandated to catch around 40 stray dogs per day for sterilization. But now, due to shortage of manpower, it is catching around 20-25 dogs. As per target, it was expected to sterilize 600 dogs from August 18 to till date, but the NGO has succeeded in sterilizing only 320 dogs so far, with the availability of limited resources.A person employed to catch dogs gets a salary of Rs 8,000 per month plus accommodation and other allowances. Since it is difficult to find local people for the job, the HDMC and the NGO in-charge hire skilled dog catchers from the northeastern region.Speaking to TOI, Anilkumar, coordinator of Vet Society for Animal and Rural Development (NGO) said that due to unavailability of skilled workers dog sterilization process has slowed down.\"We are trying to establish contacts with those who have left the job and went back to their home towns in the NE. Some of them have agreed to come back to Hubli by next month. Anyhow, we are hopeful o finishing the 2,000 dog sterilization project right on time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16304355", "title": "Red rebel arrested in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: A Maoist was arrested during anti-extremist operations in the district on Friday. The arrested rebel, Karna Minsal, is a member of Odisha-Andhra Border Special Zonal Committee affliated to the CPI (Maoist) and was nabbed from his village Kumbhariput within Bandhugaon police limits. \"No arms or Maoist belongings have been recovered from his possession,\" said SDPO (Laxmipur) Y Jagannath Rao.He has confessed to his involvement to several Maoist offensives in the district in the past few months. \"Minsal had joined the Maoists four years ago and has admitted to his involvement in blowing up few cellphone towers in the area. His participation in Maoist offensives will be known once we complete interrogation,\" he said.On Wednesday evening, Special Operations Group (SOG) personnel had arrested seven rebels, including three women cadres, in the district during a counter-insurgency exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16305104", "title": "Cheating, forgery cases against Majorda priest", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Friday booked an offence against Fr Urbano Menezes, manager of the Fr Basilio Andrade memorial higher secondary school, Majorda, and its principal, Trevor Barreto,for cheating and forgery. Menezes, incidentally, is the parish priest of Majorda.Police sources told TOI that a complaint was lodged with the Colva police stating that Barreto issued an allegedly false and fabricated certificate dated August 4, 2010 to the effect that Luis Ricardo Menezes was working in the school office as an office boy from June 6, 1999 to August 4, 2010. The complainant, Ribandar advocate Aires Rodrigues, also pointed out that another allegedly false and fabricated certificate dated September 9, 2011 was issued to the effect that Leonardo Martinho Menezes was working in the school office as an office boy from June 4, 2004 to September 8, 2011. Both Luis and Leonardo Menezes, who have been named as co-accused in the case, used these bogus and fabricated certificates to fraudulently obtain employment in the United Kingdom, Rodrigues said in his police complaint.However, when the employers in the United Kingdom wrote to the management of Fr Basilio Andrade memorial higher secondary school to confirm the authenticity of the certificates, Menezes and Barreto wrote back confirming that the certificates were genuine.Rodrigues produced to the Colva police information he obtained under the RTI Act that revealed that Menezes duo were never employed in the school.Acting on the complaint, Colva Police registered the offence against the accused under sections 417,463, 467, 468, 471 and 474 read with Section 120 B of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309961", "title": "Allari Naresh to groove with Ramya Krishna", "text": "Allari Naresh is all set to shake a leg with yesterday beauty Ramya Krishna in the remix version of famous number 'Attho Attamma Koothuro' from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Alluda Majaka. The song will have Ramya Krishna joining Allari Naresh in a specially erected dance floor set at Ramoji Film city for the film Yamudiki Mogudu. Richa Panai will also be seen in this peppy number.Director Sattibabu says that the film has the fictitious characters of Yama's wife, daughter, and son and Shayaji Shinde is playing Lord Yama. Chandra Mohan, Krishna Bhagawan, Raghu Babu, Chalapathi Rao, etc forms rest of the cast. Yamudiki Mogudu, which is directed by Sattibabu and produced by Chanti Addala, is slated for Dasara release. Koti is providing the soundtrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303984", "title": "AP high court warns Jr docs against flash strikes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The PIL bench of the high court on Friday warned junior doctors of contempt proceedings if they resorted to flash strikes in future. The bench comprising acting Chief Justice PC Ghose and Justice Naushad Ali were dealing with a contempt case against the Junior Doctors Association (JUDA). The case was closed after the bench was informed by the government pleader that the strike was called off. The bench made it clear that the court would not hesitate to initiate contempt proceedings in future.tnn The high court, in an earlier hearing, had ruled that doctors should give 48-hour notice to the government before launching strike.Two Justice L Narsimha Reddy of the AP High Court on Friday admitted a writ plea filed by students in Nursing colleges stating that they too are entiled to social welfare scholar ships. The judge was hearing a writ petition filed by filed by students of the SC and ST communities questioning the action of the government in not extending to them scholarship after they obtained admission to the nursing course under the management quota. They contend that impugned decision of the government restricting the scholarships only to students who obtain seats under the convenor quota was discriminatory and illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16305771", "title": "Plan panel for 200% rise in health ministry outlay", "text": "NEW DELHI: Good health will be the toast for the UPA's 12th five year plan (2012-17) with the Planning Commission proposing a 200% increase in fund allocation for the ministry of health and family welfare.Even though the final decision on how much each sector will get for the 12th Plan will be taken at an all-important meeting to be chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on September 15, sources in the Commission told TOI that the allocation for the ministry of health is expected to be around Rs 280,551 crore \u2014 232.65% higher than 11th plan outlay of Rs 84,339 crore.The focus will be on developing India's traditional medicines as the department of Ayush ( ayurveda , unani, siddha and homeopathy ) expected to get Rs 6,044 crore which is 99.33% higher than the Rs 3,032 crore allocation for the 11th Plan. Health research is another priority area.The funding for department of health research is expected to see an increase of 112.74%. The allocation will be hiked to Rs 4,029 crore as against Rs 1,894 crore allocated in the 11th Plan.The government had earlier promised to step up spending on health to 2.5% of GDP in the 12th Plan.Singh has been keen to widen healthcare coverage and ensure better medical facilities. At the beginning of the 12th Plan this year, the health ministry was left de-motivated when its allocation for 2012-13 saw a jump by a paltry 13%.The health ministry had hoped to receive around Rs 40,000 crore during 2012-13, given the government's ambition to universalize healthcare, improve and expand the primary health centre network and provide free medicines in public hospitals.Ministry officials had told TOI that \"as against India's Rs 90,000 crore health budget for the 11th Plan, we expect Rs 3 lakh crore in the 12th Plan.\"The Plan panel's high-level expert group on universal health coverage had first proposed increasing the health budget to 2.5% of GDP by 2017 and to at least 3% of GDP by 2022. It predicted \"increased public expenditures, in our estimate, will lead to a sharp decline in the proportion of private out-of-pocket spending on health \u2014 from around 67% today to around 33% by 2022.\"India devoted among the lowest proportion of total public spending to health \u2014 at or below 4.4% of total government spending between 1999 and 2009 \u2014 according to WHO. Only nine countries (out of 191) devoted a smaller share of government spending to health than India.The expert group said, \"Increasing public health spending to our recommendations will result in a five-fold increase in real per capita health expenditures by the government (from Rs 670 in 2011-12 to Rs 3,432 by 2021-22).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16306075", "title": "Stationery shortage hits licence issuing", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The regional transport office here has not been able to issue vehicle registration certificates and driving licenses as it has run out of laminated pouches and licence cards.According to motor vehicle department (MVD) officials, hundreds of people who have passed driving tests and around 6,000 applicants for vehicle registration certificate (RC) books have been waiting for months to receive their documents. The RTO office receives the lamination pouches and other stationery from the centre for development of imaging technology (C-DIT). Officials say the pouches arrive in small quantities and are used up immediately causing people to wait for months to get their certificates.Though the department received 6,000 RC book pouches and 4,000 driving licence kits on Friday, the entire stock was used up on the day itself.\"As of today (Friday) evening, our stock of materials for issuing licences is zero. We do not know when the next batch of supplies from C-DIT will arrive. There is a huge backlog caused by the shortage of licence kits,\" a motor vehicle inspector said.The department normally has to dispatch licence to an applicant by post within one week of the candidate passing the tests. But the waiting time at the RTO office has been extended to months due to the short supply of stationary.The Kozhikode RTO office normally issues around 5,000 new licences and about the same number of RC books every month. According to officials, the supply contract of the MVD with the C-DIT is usually for six months, making it unable to maintain a buffer stock.\"The RTO office needs at least three months' buffer stock if it has to issue licences uninterruptedly,\" an official said.There is a ray of hope, however. P T Sasidharan Nair, the Kozhikode RTO, said the department had just entered into a three year contract with C-DIT, and hopes to solve the problem of shortage as he now expects better service from C-DIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16305237", "title": "South Goa collector for disabled-friendly temples", "text": "MARGAO: If the South Goa collector N D Agarwal's idea finds favour with most of the devasthan committees, temples across South Goa may well turn disabled-friendly.Agarwal placed this proposal at the meeting of the devasthan committees he chaired on Thursday, where representatives of more than 40 temples shared their views over various issues.Confirming this, Agarwal said: \"We need to be sensitive to needs of differenly-abled people. There are many 'devasthans' in South Goa which have ample funds. I suggested at the meeting that temples consider providing wheelchairs and necessary facilities so that handicapped devotees can have easy access to the temples.\" The district magistrate, it is learnt, also urged temple committees to consider utilizing their funds for social welfare projects in the neighbourhood. The temple heads were also told to clear donation boxes placed in temples on a weekly-basis from a security point of view.A proposal to appoint volunteers from among the public as 'special police officers' to keep a vigil at the temple premises, especially during night hours, was also mooted by the district magistrate at the meeting.\"There is a provision under the Indian Police Act for the district magistrate to designate volunteers from among the public as special police officers (SPOs) to help tighten security,\" said Agarwal.\"I have told committee representatives to suggest one or two names to be appointed as SPOs for the purpose. They will be considered for appointment as SPOs only after their antecedents are verified by the police,\" he added.The temple committees were also urged to install close circuit television (CCTV) cameras on temple premises so that they could help police obtain clues, if and when, incidents like thefts or desecrations occur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309648", "title": "With Raaz 3 Bipasha takes over Vidya: Mukesh Bhatt", "text": "The predictions about the much-hyped movie Raaz 3 at the ticket window came true.In an exclusive conversation with TOI, Mukesh Bhatt talks about the success of Raaz 3 and the comeback of Bipasha Basu.On being asked about the positive response Raaz 3 has received at the box office, Mukesh asserted, \"I was confident about the movie. Vikram Bhatt is a great director. Emraan Hashmi is a star, while Bipasha Basu recreates the magic of Raaz 1. I was not much worried about the revenue as I was confident about the content. When it comes to Bhatts we concentrate on content driven films.\"Giving a huge tap on Bipasha's shoulders, Mukesh terms Raaz 3 as Bipasha's grand comeback. \"I would say that Bipasha hits like a volcano in the film and my little girl gets the exclusive spot controlled by Vidya Balan ,\" adds the producer.Does that mean Bipasha is going to give a cut-throat competition to the Balan girl? \"Bipasha takes over her. Bipasha looks fresher and younger in the movie. I say it with all due respect to Vidya,\" answered Mukesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305557", "title": "50 passengers injured as ST bus overturns", "text": "PUNE: Around 50 passengers travelling in a state transport bus sustained minor injuries after the steering rod broke and the bus overturned on Friday morning. The incident took place near Rajgurunagar about 50 km from here.Khed police said that of the 50 injured, 15 suffered head injuries and were being treated at a government hospital in Rajgurunagar.The police said that the accident took place around 9.30 am, when the bus was heading towards Khed. There were around 90 passengers, including 30 students, in the bus. As the bus reached Argade Vasti near Rajgurunagar, the steering rod of the bus broke. As a result, the bus went off the road and overturned.Local people rushed to the spot and rescued the passengers stuck inside the bus.The passengers were sent to the hospital at Khed. Most of them were discharged after preliminary treatment, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304895", "title": "Fewer queues for flyers who e-check", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers carrying only hand baggage can now skip the queues at airline counters if they have checked-in on the web. From next week, Mumbai airport will implement a new procedure where passengers who have checked-in on the web won't need to stand in the check-in queue to get their boarding pass stamped by the airline officials. This would apply to passengers who are travelling only with hand baggage and without a check-in luggage. Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) has started the procedure on a trial basis and will implement it fully by next week.\"Passengers can print up to two boarding passes for a total self check-in and skip the check-in queue. Currently passengers have to go and get their printed boarding cards scanned,\" an airport official said. \"Currently, those checking-in through kiosks can do this. From next week, even web check-ins will be included,\" he added.MIAL said the new procedure would benefit around 23 percent of the total passengers who are checking-in on the web to depart through both international and domestic terminals. Around 32 percent of passengers are currently doing a self check-in (which also includes check-in through kiosks). \"For web check-in discussions are on with security officials on passengers printing two boarding passes. In final stage of discussions and resolution. Selective testing is on along with airline staff and will be completely implemented next week onwards,\" an MIAL spokesperson said.A survey in 2011 on passenger self-service had shown that 64 percent of passengers at Mumbai airport were using websites to opt for their preferred seats on the aircraft compared to a world average of global average. \"This is primarily because most travellers now have an easy access to the internet. Also, many business travellers, who travel only with hand baggage, also check-in on the web. The new procedure of skipping the check-in queue only to get the boarding pass stamped will help them save a lot of time,\" a senior airport official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304105", "title": "Three more burglaries reported", "text": "NAGPUR: City police are clueless on strategies to restrict burglaries, with three more such incidents being registered at different police stations on Friday.Miscreants decamped with valuables worth around Rs40,600 from the residence of Hirde family staying near Borgaon chowk on Friday. Pramod Hirde and his wife had gone to Wardha while their son was at college when the miscreants broke into their apartment. Apart from valuables, the burglars also took away cash Rs15,000. A case was registered at Gittikhadan police station after the theft came to light.In another incident, burglars sneaked away with valuables worth Rs58,500 including cash Rs18,500 from the residence of Durne family on Friday. Priti Durne had gone to her sister's place when her apartment was burgled. She reported the matter to Hudkeshwar police station where an offence was registered.On Thursday, a burglary was reported at Nandanvan police station after the Wahid family residing at Hasanbagh had left for some work. It is learnt that Abdul Wahid and his wife left home in the evening for an hour. The miscreants burgled the house within the hour. Apart from cash Rs25,000, the family lost some valuables worth nearly Rs30,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16280201", "title": "Kaun Banega Crorepati's grand opening with poetry, song and dance", "text": "Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan is back with Kaun Banega Crorepati. The opening episode of the show will feature him reciting a poem highlighting the power of knowledge \u2014 Na Roop Kaam Aata Hai, Na Jhoot Kaam Aata Hai, Na Jaati kaam Aati Hai Na Baap Ka Naam Kaam Aata Hai, Sirf Gyann Hi Aapko Aapka Haq Dilata Hai.There will be a heartwarming performance by the Big B on the Salim- Sulaiman rendition of a special composition o f Ekla Cholo Re , along with the top four Indian Idol contestants \u2014 Vipul, Amit, Devendra and Poorvi. The actor and the host of the show will also join the celebrated Shillong Chamber Choir, that will be singing with the group on a medley put together for KBC 2012, arranged by Neil Nongkynrih, the choir's founder and conductor. There will also be a special UV act choreographed on a range of songs by ace choreographer Remo D'Souza.Kanwar Singh from Amritsar will take charge of the hot seat as the first contestant of this season. Kanwar will pour his heart out through a video that has been christened Aapki Baat, Aapke Saath and will also introduce Sui Mui which according to Big B is the parinaam of Ghadiyal Babu and Srimati Tik Tiki.Watch Kaun Banega Crorepati , which launches tonight and will air every weekend at 8.30 pm on Sony Entertainment Television.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16305382", "title": "Government appoints Bhushan as JAC chairperson", "text": "RANCHI: Dr Anand Bhushan has been made the third chairperson of Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC).The government announced his appointment on Friday after the end of the term of former chairperson Laxmi Singh. HRD minister Baidyanath Ram said, \"The appointment has been made after a discussion with chief minister Arjun Munda.\"\"The main reason behind choosing Bhushan as the chairperson was that he has earlier held two important posts in the field of education. Anand Bhushan has been the pro-VC of Ranchi University and principal of Ranchi College. The main requirement for the post was excellence, both as an educationist and an administrator and Anand Bhushan has both,\" said Ram.Dr Anand Bhushan, however, had no information about being the new chairperson of JAC.He said, \"I came to know about it after a some people from the media called me up to confirm it. I have not yet received any official notification so I cannot say much.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306597", "title": "Pandit Deen Dayal Petroleum University students demand better hostel accommodation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Pandit Deen Dayal Petroleum University went on a strike on Friday on the issue of hostel accommodation. Police had to be called to the campus to control the situation. The university does not have enough hostel facilities for all the undergraduate students. The students enrolled in the second year reside in Shreyashram hostel located about seven kilometers away.The residents of the hostel claimed that they had been doing without power for the last four days and the hostel does not offer adequate facilities. They said that they even have to fetch drinking water from outside and even the sanitation is very poor. About 200 students stay in this hostel.The students said that several pleas for being accommodated in the on-campus hostel of the university have gone unheard. They complained that despite having been promised accommodation, the university authorities have given the hostel to first year students. They have accused the university authorities of not even bothering to review the conditions in which they are residing.However, head of administration Deven Prajapati denied that there was any strike in the university and said that there was no issue of hostel accommodation for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16306994", "title": "Sowing begins to raise nursery for samba crop", "text": "TRICHY: The process of sowing to raise the much-needed nursery for the samba crop at Pallakkadu in Manikandam block in Trichy district was initiated on Wednesday by the district collector Jayashree Muralidharan. In an unprecedented measure, the government this year is looking for 750 acres of land from farmers in Trichy district who would help raise samba nursery with an entailed subsidy of Rs 19,000 per acre. The nursery would be distributed to water-starved farmers for transplantation who otherwise cannot be able to raise them on their own lands for their usage due to lack of water source.The government's idea is to reduce the period of samba cultivation by 15 to 21 days to tide over the shortage of rainfall and each district has been fixed a target of 750 acres to be availed from farmers who are endowed with pump sets. A farmer, who agrees to provide an acre of his land for the societal nursery scheme will be given 200 kg of certified seed worth Rs 4,000, a cultivation fee of Rs 12,000 and an incentive of Rs 3,000. In addition to this, the farmer will be entitled to avail 20% of the nursery he produces for his personal use. The surrogate nursery farmers should have a minimum land holding of half-a-acre, and there is no limit for the upper ceiling.Nursery raised over two cents of land would suffice transplantation over an acre of cultivation and each farmer will be given nursery to transplant over a maximum of 2.5 acres of land totally free of charge, said an official. But, the Lalgudi-based coordinator of Ayyan Vaikkal Pasanatharar Sangam, N Veerasekharan on Friday charged that the government was just trying to save face as the rainfall was inadequate. \"If the government is really inclined to help the farmers, it should advise the joint registrar of cooperative banks to lend us their tractors at the rate the state agricultural engineering department is charging from us,\" Veerasekharan said.The agricultural department normally charges Rs 250 as rent for ploughing an acre of land, whereas the cooperative banks charge as much as Rs 900 and the private traders would fix the rate upwards of Rs 1,300 depending upon the contingency. Sadly, the four offices of the agricultural engineering department in the district together possess only eight tractors and even if all of them are in a working condition they would not come anywhere near satisfying the needs of the farmers.Moreover, the government has admitted that since there was not enough southwest rainfall, kuruvai could be cultivated only over 5,625 hectares in Trichy district. A situation like this should normally spawn a hike in the paddy price, but private cartels will end up purchasing the kuruvai harvest at cheaper rates in order to stock it. This is because more often than not the government fails to open direct purchase centres and procure paddy at a fixed price of, Rs 1,170 for a quintal. \"When government fixes a rate, the private traders dare not quote a price less than that,\" explained Veerasekharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305637", "title": "Call centre employee booked for abducting colleague", "text": "PUNE: An employee of a call centre has been booked by the Pune police for allegedly abducting a 19-year-old woman colleague, taking her to Udaipur in Rajasthan, and leaving her there.The woman managed to get back to Pune and lodged a complaint against the youth at the Samarth police station.Assistant police inspector R D Adagale said that both victim and suspect worked at the call centre and knew each other. \"On August 3, he said he would take her to office and once she was in his car he held a handkerchief to her nose, after which she fell unconscious,\" Adagale said.He said the suspect then took her to his room at Dhanori. After the victim gained consciousness, the suspect threatened her with a revolver. He then took her to Udaipur on the pretext of marrying her.Once in Udaipur, however, he fled. The woman approached a relative of hers in Rajasthan, who helped her return to Pune.\"We have registered an offence under sections 328 (causing hurt by means of poison ), 366 (kidnapping, abducting or inducing a woman to compel her marriage) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Adagale said.The woman's father had also registered a missing person's complaint with the Samarth police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308521", "title": "Gen X producers want to replace older members of Producers Guild", "text": "One of the oldest and most prestigious producers' associations, the Film &amp; Television Producers Guild of India, is gearing up for a slightly different kind of Annual General Meeting on the 15th of this month. Buzz is seven young and successful producers are keen on replacing seven old members of the Guild, who are up for retirement.And from what we hear, these young guns have already filed their nominations, the last day for filing was September 4. If selected, this bunch of new filmmakers hope to bring about radical changes and infuse some youthful ideas into the Guild, which is said to be dominated by memebrs and ideas of an older group. Reports suggest A G Nadiadwala will make way for Feroze or Sajid Nadiadwala while Jeetendra will make way for (no prizes for guessing this one) Ekta Kapoor . Similarly, Riteish Sidhwani is likely to take Farhan Akhtar's position as Farhan has now turned actor. And Shrishti or Goldie Behl have been nominated in place of their father, the late Ramesh Behl of Rose Movies.However, Amit Khanna, member of the Guild, chose to differ, saying the AGM would be nothing as dramatic. \"There have never been any elections within the Guild, unlike other associations. So there is no question of anybody replacing anybody. The Guild has been scandalfree all these years. We choose members peacefully every year. So this time too, we are sure Saturday's AGM will be a peaceful affair,\" he said. Apparently, unlike other associations, it is not so easy to become a member of the Guild. Any new member who wants to be part of the Guild has to be nominated by an already existing member.Kulmeet Makkar, CEO of the Guild, was very guarded while talking about the nominations. He just said it is a natural process for the new members to replace the old ones and that there will be no controversies in this matter.As of now, the nominations from the up and coming producers have been kept strictly under wraps. One of the nominees, on condition of anonymity, told Mirror that they have been instructed not to talk about the nominations before the AGM. Khanna said only at the AGM would they know if Ramesh Sippy will continue as the President for the next term. The Guild, founded in 1958 by legendary filmmakers like V Shantaram, Raj Kapoor , S Mukherjee, B R Chopra, Bimal Roy, Sohrab Modi, among others is a respected autonomous non-profit film trade body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305529", "title": "Just 217 schools in district have transport panels", "text": "PUNE: Of the 1,600 schools in the district that fall under the jurisdiction of the Regional Transport Office (RTO) in Pune, only 217 have formed transport committees as per the school bus transport rules of the state government.This was revealed at a review meeting held by school transport officials at the RTO on Friday. Of these schools, 143 are in Pune city, 72 are in Pimpri-Chinchwad and two are in Baramati.The committees are expected to ensure the safe transport of students to and from schools as well as a high standard of bus service.\"Statistics show that many schools have still not formed school transport committees,\" said deputy regional transport officer Ajit Shinde. \"We are not taking action against the schools as of now. However, we are reminding the schools to set up the committees as it is necessary for the safety of the children. The committees can also ensure that bus operators hold a valid licence. Many schools have told us that they are in the process of forming the committees.\"Shinde said that every committee, to be headed by the school principal, will include a parents' representative, bus operator, local corporator and local traffic and education inspector. \"Forming the committee is mandatory under the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (School Bus Regulation) Act, 2011,\" he said.RTO officials said the state government will allow 18-year-old buses to be used to ferry schoolchildren till April 30, 2013. The maximum age limit for a school bus was 15 years, which has now been revised and should benefit some transporters, they said.Officials from the RTO on Friday also decided to hold the meetings held by district-level school bus committees every six months instead of annually. The committees are to ensure that transporters are following the stated norms of the School Bus Regulation Act as well as discuss issues and problems being faced by the transporters and the schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16306279", "title": "Dhoni says he'll stick with the best team", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: India captain MS Dhoni is having the time of his life as it seems from the recent show of the Indian team. He is back at his magical best as he marshalled the team to a comprehensive victory in the two-Test series against New Zealand.On Saturday, it's going to be a new battle as the teams clash in the first of the two T20s, in Visakhapatnam. Even as World T20 looms on the horizon, Dhoni wants to take it one match at a time and not look too far ahead.\"Every game is important and it's not about when you are playing it. Just because we have the T20 World Cup after these two matches doesn't mean that these are very important. Every game is important in itself.\"It's one of those scenarios where instead of playing one game we are playing two games so you are more into it. It is an opportunity for the players to get into the groove and then go to the World Cup,\" Dhoni said.On the wicket, Dhoni said: \"The wicket has something for bowlers too. It looks a good wicket for T20.\"With a couple of old-timers making a comeback, Dhoni said: \"There is nothing called old players and young players. Once you perform it will be counted. The good thing is that these players will be slightly more experienced than other players.And they will also be hungry to cement their place in the side. Overall, it will be good for the players and the team.\"With the World Cup round the corner, will the management try out new combinations? \"It is the same team which will play the World T20 and there is nothing to try out. The best XI which suitable for these conditions will be picked up. There is nothing to experiment. We will stick to the best team,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303710", "title": "CM will oppose Bill raising police powers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The draft Delhi Police Bill 2012 has shocked chief minister Sheila Dikshit so much that she has decided to write to Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde emphasizing that she would not allow the city to become a police state. Delhi's opinion must be taken before the Bill is tabled in Parliament, she asserted in the Assembly on Friday.The chief minister added that the administrative powers of the deputy commissioners of districts cannot be diluted as proposed by the draft. The Union home ministry has recently put up the draft Bill in the public domain for objections and suggestions.The draft Bill proposes bringing many offences which remain out of the purview of the existing law under the new law. This includes servant verification exercise, causing harassment through crank calls and stalking, harassing pedestrians and making hoax calls. It also proposes to enhance penalty for many offences like unauthorized use of police uniforms, not obtaining licence in respect of place of public entertainment, false alarm of fire and misconduct at places of public amusement.The draft proposes that while the police commissioner will have a minimum tenure of two years, other officers, including joint commissioners (ranges), deputy commissioners (district) and SHOs will have a minimum tenure of one year.Dikshit also raised the issue of how Delhi is always at the receiving end as it has no control over land, and law and order, which are under the Centre. \"Delhi has porous borders and the criminals are often crossing borders to escape punishment. Police are doing its own thing and we as the state have no control over the situation as law and order is not with us. Similarly, even as population is growing in the capital, we cannot plan for its development as we have no powers over land. But we are always at the receiving end when anything goes wrong,\" Dikshit added.Citing the case of unauthorized colonies, she said, \"If land was in our control, we would have never had to go through so much trouble to get approvals from the Centre at every stage. Things could have moved faster.\"The veteran Congress leader said hers is an elected government and has to fight elections. \"But unlike the Centre and other states, even after we work very hard we are under attacks for things that are not in our control like land and policing.\"\"When we broke MCD, it was for better civic amenities. Now we have decided to realign the nine revenue districts into 11 for better management. We will not allow the administrative powers of the deputy commissioners to be curtailed in any way,\" Dikshit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16304636", "title": "Rapist avoids lagna with victim &amp; jail too", "text": "PANAJI: The state prosecution's move to nail a rape accused, who committed a volte face after promising before high court of Bombay at Goa in 2010, to marry his victim and avoided a seven year jail term imposed by the trial court, turned futile. The high court on Thursday dismissed the application seeking proceedings against the accused.In August 2010, the high court had closed criminal proceedings after Jitendra alias Jitu alias Ronak Shirodkar as the victim had filed an application stating that sexual intercourse was consensual and they wanted to live together. The prosecution had not objected to closure of the proceedings as Shirodkar made known his intention to marry the girl. Considering the circumstances, the high court reduced the sentence from seven years to 24 days (the time Shirodkar had already spent in jail).When Shirodkar backtracked on his assurance, the prosecution in 2011 filed an application before the high court and sought to recall its August 2010 judgment.While stating that there is no merit in the application filed by the prosecution, Justice AP Lavande observed, \"It is well settled that a judgment passed in a criminal case cannot be recalled in view of Section 362 of CrPC, and the court can only correct a clerical or arithmetical error. It is also well settled that the jurisdiction under Section 482 of CrPC cannot be exercised by this court to set aside a judgment and order passed by this court.\"The children's court had sentenced Shirodkar to undergo imprisonment for seven years and to pay a penalty of Rs two lakh for raping a 15-year-old girl in 2005", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16305889", "title": "Student drowned in swimming pool", "text": "HOWRAH: A Class IX student died after drowning in a swimming pool at Salkia on Friday evening. The victim was identified as Aritra Kar. Locals alleged Aritra died due to negligence of the pool authorities. Police have detained three persons, including the trainer, to probe how the boy died.Aritra drowned in the pool at around 7pm. He was taken to TL Jaiswal Hospital where he was declared dead. Locals, however, staged a demonstration in front of the swimming pool, alleging negligence on part of pool authorities. They said that the boy was rescued long after he had drowned. They also complained that there was no proper infrastructure in the pool. Police had to rush to the spot to bring the situation under control.Aritra Kar, a class-IX student of a school at Salkia in Howrah and a resident of the area drowned in a swimming pool at Salkia on Friday evening. Locals staged an agitation infront of the swimming pool to protest, saying that the boy got drowned due to negligence of the pool authorities. The police have detained three persons including the trainer of the pool.The incident occurred around 7pm as Kar suddenly got drowned in the pool. He was rushed to TL Jaiswal hospital where he was declared dead. Locals agitated and complained that the boy was rescued from the pool after a long time and that the pool authorities showed complete negligence to rescue the boy.The police later came to control the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306369", "title": "Big turnout in Panjab University polls", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Call it a new awakening, sparked by movements like the Arab Spring or closer home the Anna Hazare stir, Panjab University saw a new wave on its own campus on Friday, with a huge turnout of 62.8% students, who came out to cast their ballots. This was a 10% increase on last year's turnout that had clocked 52.9%.The Times of India, under its Lead India campaign, had urged students on Friday to come out and exercise their right to vote.The highest turnout this year was clocked at the University Institute of Legal Studies (UILS), where 653 students out of 850 turned out for polling.\"This time, we have got our prime victories in departments of law and pharmacy,\" says Brinder Dhillon, a SOPU leader.At the department of law, which is considered a SOPU stronghold, 696 out of 1,241 students turned up. However, at UIET \u2014 the largest department on campus \u2014 the turnout was among the lowest. Out of 2,581 students, 1,611 turned up on Friday to poll.At University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology (UICET), 648 voters turned up at the booths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16304717", "title": "Police getting expressway service lanes widened", "text": "GURGAON: The city traffic police have taken a slew of measures to make sure that gridlocks are not created on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway service lanes.As the 32-lane toll plaza has been made toll-free till September 20 after Punjab and Haryana high court's order since Septemebr 4, a large number of vehicles are entering Gurgaon in a short duration.Due to bottlenecks at IFFCO Chowk and Cyber City turn there was a traffic jam on Thursday evening.To ensure that the incidents do not recur, the traffic police are getting roads widened, among other things.On the traffic police's instruction, to decongest the mandatory left-turn towards Cyber City for the traffic coming from Delhi, Rapid Metro has constructed an additional slip road beside the existing road to provide more space for vehicles. The narrow left turn was a major bottleneck.Moreover, Rapid Metro has been asked to construct a temporary road on a portion of unused land at the same spot to provide the turn towards Cyber City.The traffic police have shifted the U-turn towards Ambience Mall for the traffic coming from Shankar Chowk to 50 metres ahead of the present location at the 32-lane toll plaza till the time Court's order remain in force. To achieve this, two lanes on both sides of the toll plaza have been closed to provide space for vehicles wanting to go towards Ambience Mall.Cops posted at IFFCO Chowk have been asked to enforce lane driving at the intersection and issue challans for dangerous driving (Rs 1,000 fine) to violators. Arora said that vehicles on the right lane would have to take a mandatory right turn, while those on the extreme left lane would have to either go left or straight while approaching IFFCO Chowk while coming from Cyber City. Likewise, autos and any other vehicles parked on the IFFCO chowk service lane will be fined for dangerous driving.Besides that, the traffic police plan to carry out a road diversion plan at Signature Tower next weekend to decongest the area.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said the department was going to raise the issue of traffic jam at the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza and waterlogging at Hero Honda Chowk in the next hearing in Punjab and Haryana high court on September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306394", "title": "Festivities began hours before Punjab University poll results", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a sight of sheer joy on Punjab University campus three hours before the formal announcement of the results.Captivating sounds of the Punjabi dhol rent the air, scores of SOPU supporters zipped around in decorated cars waving yellow flags, marking SOPU's second successive win in student elections.For cops, managing sudden crowding became a herculean task as student supporters gathered in large numbers. Bhangra, dance and musical tunes were everywhere.Elated SOPU winners thanked PU authorities and voters for their \"overwhelming\" support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304081", "title": "Inflation inching up, but food cost per jail inmate on decline", "text": "NAGPUR: Data procured by anti-corruption activist Abhay Kolarkar through Right to Information (RTI) shows an intriguing decline in expenses incurred on food for inmates of Nagpur Central Jail on a monthly basis.The information showed that expenditure on food per inmate per month has been lower in the ongoing year than last year. While the RTI reply raises questions about the quality of food being given to inmates, jail authorities claimed that there was no compromise on nutrition for inmates.The Central Jail houses 1,780 inmates, including 78 women , at present. The figure also include 426 under-trials, 490 facing life imprisonment and 19 facing capital punishment. The inmates are provided breakfast, meals and evening tea at the prison, which is viewed as a correctional and rehabilitation centre and not a 'jail'.In January 2012, the expense of food per month on an inmate was Rs778.39. In February this year, the expense reduced to Rs758.48 while in March it went down by another Rs10. This year's figures are considerably lower than the 2010 figures.In January 2010, Rs1,031.94 was spent on food for an inmate. The expense was Rs911.71 in February, Rs942.11 for March and Rs934.99 in April.The average cost per inmate in 2010 for food per month was Rs846. In 2011, the average expense of food for each inmate per month went down to Rs747.Kolarkar said the decrease in food expense needs some investigation. \"I tried to procure information about the grant to the Central Jail but was not given those figures,\" he said.Superintendent of Nagpur Central Jail VV Sekdar said that the decrease in food expense has got nothing to do with the quality or quantity. \"Food is being provided by the vendors roped in following a tender process. Those who quoted the least got the contract,\" he said.Jail SP Sekdar said authorities would not allow standard of food to go down. \"It is the responsibility of the contractor to provide quality food in the contracted amount,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16303741", "title": "President to visit Tirumala today", "text": "TIRUMALA: After becoming India's 13th President Pranab Mukherjee will be visiting the hill shrine of Lord Venkateswara on Saturday evening to offer prayers to the Lord. It would be his first visit to Tirumala after assuming the highest office.Sources said the President would arrive at the Renigunta airport at 8 pm on Saturday and immediately proceed to the hill shrine by road. After an overnight stay at Sri Padmavathi Guest House, Mukherjee would worship Lord Venkateswara at the crack of dawn on Sunday.\"The President would first offer prayers at the Adi Varahaswamy temple on the banks of the temple pushkarini (holy tank) close to the main shrine,\" sources said.The President would inaugurate Nandakam pilgrim complex, which was constructed at a cost of Rs 36 crore. He would later spend some time with students at the 130-year-oldSri Venkateswara Veda Pathashala on the hills. The TTD along with local police have made elaborate security arrangements.Meanwhile, Prime Minster Manmohan Singh is also visiting state on Saturday evening. He would reach the Satish Dhawan Space Centre at Sriharikota by a special aircraft and stay overnight. On Sunday morning, he would witness the launch of PSLV C-21. CM Kiran Kumar Reddy will first receive the PM at Sriharikota and rush to Renigunta airport to receive the President, a CMO official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ new delhi", "code": "16305073", "title": "Haryana chief secy visits Gurgaon, orders repair of roads", "text": "GURGAON/ NEW DELHI: The Haryana government has directed the city administration to get rid of all potholes, repair pavements and make streetlights functional in the next 30 days. Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery, who held a series of meetings in Gurgaon on Friday, told TOI that all work plans with deadlines would be uploaded on the HUDA and MCG websites so that the government gets people's feedback.\"We have also set a three-month deadline for re-carpeting of all internal roads. I will hold a review meeting next month on the progress and meet RWA representatives and municipal councillors. There has to be accountability in meeting deadlines,\" Chaudhery said.The government has delegated power to the local HUDA office to take a final decision on re-carpeting of all the internal roads so that they don't have to go to Chandigarh to get every project cleared, wasting a lot of time. \"Obviously, the tendering process has to be followed,\" the chief secretary said.Chaudhery took the review meeting after the chief minister's office received several complaints from the residents regarding poor infrastructure, roads in particular, after the monsoon. He told officials from HUDA, MCG and PWD that while big-ticket road improvement projects such as revamping of the Golf Course Road would take more time, focus must be on improving riding quality of major and internal roads.Urban development secretary S S Dhillon said that nine estimates of Rs 300 crore have been sanctioned for HUDA areas and tenders would be invited in the next one month. Works on improvement of roads, sewerage and water supply are included in the estimates and combined tenders will be given to a big infrastructure firm. An amount of Rs 48 crore has been sanctioned for strengthening the road connecting NH-8 and Badshapur.Claiming that Gurgaon is \"extremely important\" for the state considering its role in Haryana's economic growth, Chaudhery said the government was putting all infrastructure projects on the fast track. \"We are sure of providing 25MGD of additional water by the month end with the first phase of a new treatment plant becoming operational,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16305196", "title": "Short circuit sparks fire in KM Memorial Hospital", "text": "BOKARO: A major fire gutted the intensive care unit (ICU) of K M Memorial Hospital in Chas township of the district late on Friday. There were about 15 patients in the ward. Fourteen of them were rescued safely with the help of firemen, policemen and local residents. One of them succumbed to burns. The incident is said to have occurred due to shot circuit in some machinery, said police sources.More than a dozen firemen who were pressed on spot with two fire tenders doused the flames in about an hour. According to the director of the hospital, Vikas Kumar Pandey, the incident occurred around 8.15 pm due to short circuit in machines installed in ICU. The cost of damage is yet to be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16303787", "title": "Scrap dealers to launch a website", "text": "HYDERABAD: After restaurants and books, it's city raddiwalas who are now all set to hawk themselves on the World Wide Web. In a month's time, scrap dealers dotting the twin cities will be launching their very own website which will enlist the scrap dealer's name, area and even an approximate price. While many scrap dealers had, in the last few years, enlisted their services on the yellow pages, a website is a step ahead in their evolution from city's 30,000-odd plain raddiwalas to well-connected service providers.The around 30,000 scrap dealers also plan to make use of this medium to highlight their relentless service to the society and contribution to the environment.\"By launching this website, we are hoping to get the much needed recognition that has been denied to us all the while. Also, we want to be bracketed under an organised sector, hence we have been toying with this idea for months now,\" said M Lakshman, general secretary, twin cities old material and papers merchant association said. \"Nowadays technology is being utilised in every field and sector to enhance their image and business proposition, so we thought why not us. Many younger members of our families are educated and well versed with computer and technology and will help us out\", he added.This website is not just aimed at citizens but will also be a resource for vendors as it will guide them on how to go about bidding for big corporates. It will also explain the step-by-step recycling process. At a time when environment-centric issues are being focused widely, these traders plan to put up information on the site explaining their pivotal role in saving trees. \"We are saving thousands of trees from felling every month,\" said Prem Singh, president of the association. \"We collect even small paper bits and see to it that it goes for recycling. This way we are conserving the environment.Apart from that we also supply some waste as raw materials to industries and factories.But even then, we have never been recognised by the government. Forget about getting any privileges or schemes, the government officials in fact randomly collect taxes from us and trouble us\" The dealers are hoping that this website will also bring get them the much needed respect from the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16305225", "title": "Special officer soon for Mormugao: CM", "text": "VASCO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has promised to appoint a special officer of the rank of a collector to solve the grievances of Vasco town and Mormugao taluka in a month's time.During his special visit to the port town on Friday afternoon, Parrikar inspected several sites and promised to tackle numerous problems faced by citizens.Parrikar was visiting Vasco following an invitation from power minister and Mormugao MLA Milind Naik.After inspecting MPT, Parrikar said, \"At no cost will pollution of either air or water be tolerated. The Goa state pollution control board has already served a notice to the port trust.\"The chief minister further assured that the Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd. documents will be minutely scrutinized and said that everybody has been directed not to tolerate any kind of illegality.Parrikar also visited the Ravindra Bhavan, garbage treatment plant of MMC, GBL, ammonia tanks at the jetty, MPT etc.\"Vasco and Mormugao constituencies have numerous problems which need urgent attention,\" Parrikar said adding, \"We are presently studying a process which can help us solve the garbage menace of the state. If it succeeds, then initially 3 units will be set up one each in North Goa, South Goa and in Mormugao,\"Parrikar also confirmed that, the Kala Bhavan built at Sancoale by the then Cortalim MLA Mauvin Godinho will be handed over to the National School of Drama, which will help a number of artistes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16310314", "title": "Former deputy speaker writes to Punjab CM", "text": "PATIALA: Frightening reports are regularly appearing in the print media everyday for almost one week reporting the gigantic presence of the snakes and rats in the various parts of the Rajindra Hospital Patiala. Yesterday I received a distress call from the Pediatrics ward reporting the look of a cobra a venomous snake of almost six feet length that was later killed by the staff of the hospital said former deputy speaker of Punjab Vidhan sabha Bir Devinder singh in his letter written to Punjab CM for the quick repair of hospital.\" What if the cobra had bitten any baby or other human being in the ward? That would have certainly caused the instant death as the hospital reportedly does not have any stock of the ante snake venom to treat the victim of the snake bite. Few days back another snake of similar length was noticed in the eye operation theatre. In another very scary incident a clusters of small snakes were spotted in the linen room of the ENT department. Snakes are routinely spotted in enormity by the patients in the central outdoor complex of the Hospital.\" Alleged singh.About rats he has alleged that menace of the rats is equally alarming in the hospital, particularly in the gynecological wards and the operation theatre on the second floor. These rats are so healthy and big in the size of a rabbit, reason being quoted for such a growth of the rats in the hospital is , because they have free access to eat the mother's placenta, which is kept in the operation theatre for couple of hours, after the deliveries of the babies.\"Placenta being very nutritious helps in the quick and startling growth of the Rats. Hence rats have the field day and they keep jumping on the beds of the patients unhindered and this menace of rats in the Hospital continues unchecked in alarming proposition. If not controlled and checked effectively it may become the cause of the outbreak of the dreaded epidemic of plague in the Patiala town as it had happened in Surat (Gujarat) some fifteen years back. Hospital authorities are not inclined to learn any lesson from such horrific incidences of the past.\" Alleged singh in his letter.The direct intervention of the chief minister seems to be the only option to save this premier institution of the health care services in the region. Strict punitive action is required against the person or persons responsible for the decay of the hospital at the earliest, before it is too late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305039", "title": "Speeding truck knocks down MBA student", "text": "LUCKNOW: A student of business administration was crushed to death by a speeding truck in Indiranagar area on Friday evening. A native of Sultanpur, the victim was on her way home with a colleague on his motorcycle, when the accident took place. Though the erring truck driver tried to escape with the vehicle, but was chased and nabbed by some concerned onlookers. The mob that had gathered at the time assaulted the reckless driver before handing him over to the police. A section of the agitated mob hurled stones at the truck leaving the vehicle damaged. However, an attempt to torch the truck was also thwarted by the police.The incident took place around 7.00 p.m. when Arunima Misra (22) was on her way to her uncle's house. Apart from pursuing her MBA from Gautam Buddh Technical University (GBTU), Arunima was also working as a part-time accountant at a private hospital in Gomtinagar.After her day's shift at work, Arunima was returning to her uncle's house in sector 10 of Indiranagar with Amit Misra - her colleague at the hospital who also lives in Indiranagar.The two had barely reached Munshi Puliya, when a speeding truck knocked off the motorcycle from the rear. Amit lost control over the wheels and the motorcycle hit the ground. While Amit fell on the left hand side of the road, unlucky Arunima landed on the opposite side. Before the two could take to their feet, the truck driver tried to speed off and in the process, ran over Arunima, killing her on the spot. Even before the passers-by could gather what had happened, the truck driver had sped away. Some onlookers however chased the truck on a two-wheeler and intercepted it about a kilometre away from the mishap site.They then dragged the truck driver, who later identified himself as Arun of Sitapur district, to the mishap site where an agitated mob manhandled him. However, it was around this time that the police reached the site and saved Arun from the mob frenzy. In the meantime, police came to know that a section of the irate mob was throwing stones at the truck and a separate police team reached the site and chased the mischief mongers away. It was later found that an attempt was being made to torch the truck. Some one even forced open the fuel tank of the truck and stuffed a piece of cloth inside it through the inlet hose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305203", "title": "Online system for writs gets HC push", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday directed that the system to upload writs/orders of bails and acquittals on the court's website should be made operational as early as possible.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Rajesh Ketkar heard a petition for review of its May 2012 order disposing a PIL for forthwith communication of release orders to lower courts and prisons.The PIL filed by the Unique Juris Forum said the present mode of communicating writs of acquittal/release of convict /appellant is time-consuming and results in illegal detention. It urged direction to use modern modes including fax, internet, etc. to curb delays.On September 7, 2011 the HC had directed that till its website's Case Management Information System becomes fully functional, the writs should be sent by speed post. -Rosy SequeiraForum's advocate Murtuza Najmi argued that the grievance of jail inmates continues and the delay ought to be curtailed. He urged that the September 2011 order for sending writs by speed posts should be continued until CMIS become fully operational with the facility of viewing the writs.HC's advocate M S Karnik submitted that it is not sending writs by ordinary post but by speed posts. He added that technical difficulties in making CMIS fully operational have been overcome and the writs may be viewed on the website soon. Declining the plea for review, the judges directed that the CMIS should be made operational as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309401", "title": "Seema Singh to do item number for three films", "text": "The dancing queen of Bhojpuri film industry Seema Singh will show her dancing talent once again in three films. 'Nazar Lage Raja Tohre Bangle Pe', 'Khoicha', 'Dabang Mor Balma' are three films in which Seema will be seen doing an item number.Apart from this Seema will also be seen shaking her leg for a song in 'Doodh Ka Karz' starring Dinesh Lal Yadav. The shooting of the item number was done in Mumbai and Seema is really excited for it.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16305106", "title": "UP lowers unemployment dole age bar to 25 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two days before the official distribution ceremony, the Samajwadi Party government announced yet another change in the eligibility criterion for paying unemployment dole to beneficiaries in the state. Announcing 25 years, down from 30, as the new cut-off age for receiving unemployment dole, UP's protocol minister Abhishek Mishra said \"the move was being effected in order to include all those disenchanted persons who had earlier applied for the doles but had failed to make the cut because of the state's decision to increase the age bar\".Though senior officials remained non-committal about the additional burden to the exchequer as a result of the decision, senior government officials confirmed the labour department had received about four lakh applications from people between the age of 25 and 30. With beneficiaries promised a sum of Rs 1,000 per month as unemployment dole, the lower age bar is likely to put an additional burden of Rs 40 crore per month -- or Rs 480 crore per annum - to the state government for the payment of unemployment allowances.Curiously, while chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has been emphasising the need to create more employment opportunity for the youth in UP on the one hand, the state government's decision to extend the unemployment dole facility to 25-year-old beneficiaries, about the time when they should be settling down in their first jobs, is also being seen as detrimental to their growth.In fact, registrations for unemployment allowance soared after Akhilesh announced in mid-August that people who get the dole would not be required to work. Subsequently, the government also revised the deadline and set it for August 31. \"At 25, the promise of unemployment dole by the state government can have a deterrent effect on youngsters. Protection, if it must be given, should be for those who have tried and are unable to find jobs,'' said a Lucknow-based social scientist.New beneficiaries of the unemployment dole, though, will have to wait for a few months before getting their allowances. With the scheme designed to consider applicants for unemployment dole a month after they register for the allowance, the next distribution drive will only be held in December.Speaking to TOI, principal secretary, department of Labour , Shailesh Krishna, said: \"The scheme provides for quarterly payment of unemployment allowance. On Sunday, the chief minister will kick-start the process by distributing cheques to beneficiaries from Kanpur city and districts covered under the Lucknow division. In other districts, cheques will be distributed by the local minister. The exercise has been planned in such a way that the distribution process is spread all over the state.\"On Sunday, over 10,000 beneficiaries of the scheme will be handed over their unemployment dole cheques by the chief minister. Though a total of 4.44 lakh people have applied for the allowance from across the state, about 90,000 persons have been found eligible.Originally, the state government had planned to give out unemployment dole to 9 lakh unemployed youth under the scheme. Despite relaxing the eligibility conditions three times, however, the number of eligible applicants remained under 5 lakh even when more than 20 lakh unemployed persons registered at employment exchange offices across the state.To increase their appeal, apart from relaxing the age limit, the government also simplified the application form and removed the clause that made it compulsory for candidates to disclose details of their movable and immovable assets. Labour department officials also said they would introduce an online application system for unemployment soon. Among the candidates found eligible till July 31, around 10,000 will now receive dole cheques of Rs 2,000 -- allowance for the months of August and September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16306747", "title": "Create room for humanities: Cambridge VC", "text": "JALANDHAR: Cambridge University vice-chancellor Leszek Boryseiwicz on Friday said while focus on technical education in Indian universities was fine, extra room must be created for the study of arts and humanities.\"From the Cambridge perspective, I can tell you that 55% of the students who study in our university go for arts and humanities and there is no reason to change the pattern. All disciplines matter,\" he said in an interaction after attending the convocation of Lovely Professional University, where he was the chief guest.Professor Borysiewicz, who has been researching and teaching medicine, said as the society prepares to deal with bigger challenges like food and water shortage, technology would provide the solutions but the acceptability of these solutions would come through humanities. \"It is important to integrate them. Teaching all the subjects is important for the society and we need all the disciplines,\" he said.In his convocation address, Prof Borysiewicz said, \"Celebrate your achievements as you are embarking on a new chapter in your life. Your university has provided you with specific skills and with these acquisitions, you will be much in demand for jobs and bright career.\"Over 7,600 students were awarded with degrees/diplomas. 27 students were awarded with gold medals, 86 with batch toppers academic honour and 60 students got MPhil degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304050", "title": "Father of two girls convicted for raping minor", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte sentenced a 31-year-old man for seven years imprisonment and an additional one year in default of the fine of Rs5,000 holding him guilty of raping a minor, who was his neighbour and daughter of a family friend.While completing the trial almost within a month, the court not only dispensed justice without delay but also conveyed a strong social message. Victim Sonali (name changed), shunned by the society, has been living in a government shelter home ever since the incident came to fore. She was a student of Std X.Sachin Dravidkar, alias Balu, charged with section 376 of Indian penal code (IPC) for rape, was convicted by the court which held that he deserved the punishment as he lured a minor and had physical relationship with her despite being father of two daughters. The court observed that such an act cannot be ignored for the degrading values it can spread in the society. It is learnt that Dravidkar had promised Sonali to marry her after divorcing his wife.The court, however, acquitted Dravidkar from charges of kidnapping under sections 363 and 366 (A) IPC.Additional public prosecutor (APP) Sunita Khobragade said that the judgment should act as a deterrent. \"The court had underlined the fact that it was rather wrong on the part of a married man to have got entangled in such a morally degrading situation where a minor was dragged into affair. The rape took place when the victim was 14 years old. The man lured the girl when she was merely 13, which is a bizarre act for a father of two,\" said the APP.Yashodhara Nagar police on December 2 last year had registered an offence of kidnapping and rape against Dravidkar after Sonali's father lodged complaint against him for abducting his daughter. A medical test later also proved that she was raped.In June last year, Sonali was expelled from her school's hostel after it came to fore that she had gone out with Dravidkar and returned after three hours. Sonali's father had sent her to the hostel along with younger sister.In her statement, Sonali has stated that Dravidkar frequented her place as they were neighbours. He gained her confidence by assuring to divorce his wife.On November 28 last year, Sonali left home on the pretext of going to gathering at a school. She was picked up by Dravidkar from outside the school before they headed to Ramtek and Khindsi on bike. The duo returned in the evening. Fearing her parents' wrath, Sonali opted to stay at a relative's place. On the following day, they went to Takalghat to Dravidkar's friend's place where Dravidkar had physical relationship with the girl in the night. Dravidkar took help of Sonali's relative to rent a room near Vakilpeth where the duo spent a day. On December 2, Dravidkar reached Yashodhara Nagar police station learning that Sonali's father had lodged a complaint against him. He was arrested there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16304330", "title": "Mucky trade hub keeps business at bay", "text": "CUTTACK: Dilapidated roads with huge craters, drain water flowing over it and muck of rotten vegetables have become synonymous with Malgodown. The situation just gets worse in the monsoon in the state's biggest wholesale commodities market.\"The bad roads and stench emanating from rotten vegetables isn't new to us. We put up with it throughout the year with the problem aggravating during the monsoon. What irks us is that the civic body makes no effort to solve the issue,\" said Lakshmidhar Sahoo, president of Cuttack Chamber of Commerce.The traders said the Cuttack Municipal Corporation completely neglects the area despite being reminded of the problems. The traders had recently downed their shutters and staged a protest against the poor civic amenities in the area.They allege that dismal civic facilities have taken a toll on their trade. \"Our business gets affected during the monsoon as people do not like coming here as it is an effort to manouvre these muck-filled roads,\" said Ramesh Sahoo, a rice trader. They said neither are the roads cleaned nor the garbage lifted from the area on a regular basis. The drains are also not properly maintained as a result the sewerage water overflows, allege the traders. \"Malgodown is cleaned only when we complain,\" said Sudhakar Parida, a wholesaler of pulses.Sanitation is not the only problem of the locality. Lack of toilets, street lights, poor traffic management and unavailability of drinking water adds the woes of the traders. \"Poor traffic management is a major problem. More than 100 trucks enter the area everyday but there is no proper traffic system to manage them. Everyday there is a jam and chaos on the road,\" Sahoo said.The more than 2,000 traders of Malgodown do business transactions to the tune of Rs 15 to 20 crore a day and it contributes a lot to the state's economy. There are over 1,000 godowns that are visited by 20,000 people everyday.However, the officials of Cuttack municipality said steps are being taken to improve the civic condition of Malgodown. \"We have completed surveying the area and will start repairing the roads soon. We have also decided to install street lights,\" said a senior official of Cuttack Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16306108", "title": "Payyambalam park row: LDF to launch protest", "text": "KANNUR: The LDF has decided to launch a public campaign against the defence security corps (DSC) reclaiming the Payyambalam Park from the district tourism promotion council (DTPC). It will hold a public meeting at Payyambalam at 4pm on Sunday.\"The park is the face of tourism in the area, and the DTPC has spent huge amounts for its development,\" said LDF district convener K P Sahadevan at a press conference here on Friday.\"But now the DSC is demanding that the DTPC give it back claiming it wants to construct a holiday home there. DSC has already imposed restriction there, and this is hindering visit by people to the beach and park,\" he added.Since this is a major tourism spot in the city, the government should take steps to retain it as a public spot, and the defence department should withdraw from the move to reclaim the area, the LDF has demanded.On Thursday, local residents protested against the DSC for blocking the road to the cliff near Payyambalam, which is also the way to many houses there.The general feeling is that the DSC should give people access to the cliff and the park taking into account the tourism potential of the locality.Though the DTPC has promised to provide DSC another site in the city to build the holiday home, it is yet to identify a suitable location, which is also a matter of concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16304590", "title": "High drama in district court after lawyers 'clash'", "text": "ALWAR: Tension erupted in the district judge court on Friday when CBI lawyer in Dara Singh encounter case Sarfaraz Haider Khan alleged that he was hit by Chimna Ram Punia, another lawyer from the defence side. Khan gave a written complaint to the judge demanding action against Chimna Ram. However, the accused lawyer said it was a misunderstanding and he had not hit the prosecution lawyer.According to Khan, additional SP Sampatraj Vyas - a witness in the case - was being cross-examined by the defence lawyer, V K Bali, when he raised objection over some of the questions.\"I told the court that the questions were irrelevant. Lawyer Chimna Ram who was standing behind me suddenly kicked me in the courtroom. I had nearly fallen to the ground due to the attack. I immediately gave a written complaint to judge V K Mathur. The defense lawyers have been vindictive towards me from the beginning as they had also filed an application requesting the court to remove me as prosecutor in the case,\" Khan said.Khan further alleged that when he came out of the courtroom during lunch hour, he was again manhandled by Chimna Ram and two others.\"Many suggested that I should lodge an FIR against Chimna Ram, however, as an advocate is a court official, I have requested the bar council and the bar association to take action against him,\" Khan added.Chimna Ram, however, said he was sitting a few feet from Khan in the courtroom and he did not hit Khan. \"There was some misunderstanding,\" Chimna Ram claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16306623", "title": "4 years on, rainwater harvesting project moves step ahead", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rainwater harvesting (RWH) project at the district courts complex witnessed some development after four years as senior research engineer from Punjab Agricultural University's department of soil and water engineering Dr Rajan Aggarwal inspected the site.Aggarwal was the principal investigator in an all India coordinated research project on groundwater utilization scheme. After inspecting the courts complex, he proposed three structures for RWH, on Wednesday.\"I have asked the office bearers of the District Bar Association (DBA) to provide a complete plan and dimensions of the roof top area, which is very important for making a functional plan for the project. A lot of other work, like connecting the drains with channels and cleaning up the channels, is to be done. Once it begins, the project would be finished within two months,\" said Aggarwal.He said if the work goes uninterrupted, the courts complex will be able to add to the groundwater by next season, \"But this requires dedicated efforts from the DBA office\".DBA secretary advocate Gurvinder Sodhi said the association is prepared to contribute to conservation of water. \"We will provide the required plans and dimensions at the earliest. All the advocates are excited about the project and want it to complete soon as it would make Ludhiana courts complex one of the first court complexes in north India to have such a provision,\" said Sodhi. Another advocate Sarabjeet Singh, who resides at the officer's hostel near Sadar police station, has even written a poem about conserving ground water in Punjabi that reads:\"Kukh wich dhee, dharti wich pane je na sambhia, te samjho khel khatam\", and when translated to English, it is, \"Daughter in mother's womb, water in mother earth, if not saved, would lead us to doom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305507", "title": "Maya bar case: ATS officer's wife granted interim anticipatory bail", "text": "PUNE: Anjali Nirmal, co-owner of Maya lounge bar at Wagholi obtained ad interim anticipatory bail till September 20 from the district and sessions court here on Friday.Anjali is the wife of state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) inspector Rajnish Nirmal. The Pune rural police had booked Anjali and disc jockey Sayyed Kasim and arrested five others for allegedly organizing a party at the bar on September 2. The arrested suspects were released on bail on Thursday.Judge Shinde granted ad interim bail to Anjali on furnishing a personal bond of Rs 15,000 along with one solvent surety of the like amount in the event of her arrest.Anjali was directed to report at the Lonikand police station whenever she was called for questioning. She was warned against inducing the witnesses and leaving the country till her anticipatory bail plea was decided.Anjali had filed a plea seeking anticipatory bail and appeared in person before additional sessions judge Sadhana Shinde through her lawyers Harshad Nimbalkar, Yogesh Pawar and Shreyas Kulkarni.Nimbalkar submitted before the court that Anjali had not played any role in the crime as she had only rented out the bar to Harmeet Sheney and Zaheer Abbas , managing partners of Red enterprises and services by executing a leave and licence agreement for 60 months on November 28, 2011.Nimbalkar argued that Sheney and Abbas had breached the terms and conditions of the agreement by illegally organising the party.Nimbalkar filed a copy of a notice sent by Anjali on September 4 to the managing partners, stating that she has cancelled the agreement and asking them to return the property.The lawyers submitted that Anjali's name did not figure in the FIR, but she was shown as an absconding suspect in the remand plea filed before the magisterial court, following the arrest of the managing partners and others.They contended that her custodial interrogation was not essential as nothing was to be seized from her. They pleaded for anticipatory bail for their client as she had not committed any offence under the provisions of the Bombay Police Act or the Bombay Prohibition Act.The court has issued notice to the police and prosecution directing them to reply to the bail plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16307022", "title": "Implant in roaches can help in spying", "text": "MELBOURNE: It's cockroaches to the rescue!The invincible cockroach can now be an ideal tool for rescue and spy work.Researchers at North Carolina State University have figured out how to plug a miniature circuit-board into the senses of a large Madagascar hissing cockroach and take control of its body.They have managed to control and direct the movement of the cockroach via a micro-controller on its back, News.com.au reported.Researchers say the device is common, cheap and the subject can apparently survive a nuclear war. The cyborg-roach, reminiscent of Dr Who's \"cybermats\", can be commanded into following a predetermined route.An off-the-shelf micro-controller was pasted on the back of the 5cm roach and wired to its antennae and abdomen. Wireless commands to the micro-controller prod the cockroach into believing obstacles or danger were nearby - letting it change course when desired. \"Our aim was to see if we could create a wireless biological interface with cockroaches, which can infiltrate small spaces,\" said a researcher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16303697", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation gears up to prevent water body pollution", "text": "INDORE: Ahead of the Ganesh festival, the Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) has come up with the guidelines for immersion of idols and directed eco-friendly methods to celebrate the festival. On Friday, the MPPCB issued guidelines to the civic body, district administration and public.Regional director of MPPCB, A.Mishra said, as per the directives of Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), the MPPCB has issued guidelines and suggestions to check pollution caused due to idol immersions and festivals. \"Pollution of water bodies due to idol immersion has taken such a proportion that it had become important for the department to take steps to deal with it,\" said Mishra.Chairman of the environment committee of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) Jawahar Mangwani said every year civic body collects around 40 to 50 truck load of idols from different parts of the city and immerses them in Jawahar Tekdi.Speaking about the harmful effects, environmentalist O P Joshi said \" a study to asses the impact of immersion of idols in the lakes have revealed the rise in acid contents in water. Total dissolved solids (TDS) increased by 100 per cent, dissolved oxygen content increased during the day due to agitation in water during immersion and reduced at night when organic discharges increased---it cause immense damage to plant and water species. In addition to this uses of Plaster of Paris (PoP) and chemical colours increases the content of mercury, glass, zinc and other metals. Content of iron increased by 10 times and content of copper increased by 200 to 300 per cent.'' He further explains that on an average an idol has around 2 to 4 gram of mercury, which is very harmful to water bodies.In order to deal with the problem, the MPPCB issued certain guidelines related to making of idols and its immersion. According to MPPCB guidelines people should avoid using idols of PoP and opt for idols made of soil which can easily dissolve in water. It also askes people to go for small idols with natural colours to check amount of pollution. The guidelines encourage people to immerse idol in water tanks constructed by civic body instead of directly into natural water bodies. Board also suggests buying idol made of metal or stone so it can be used time and again. If one is using PoP idol the board suggest to go for symbolic immersion like sprinkling a few drops of water on its and then allow it to be recycled.Terming 'nirmalya' or the puja left overs as the biggest cause of pollution, board has suggested to remove all nirmalys before immersion. Suggesting possible ways of 'nirmalya' management MPPCB suggests that avoid using non biodegradable material such as thermocale, plastic etc as pooja materials. Distribute food items offered to god among poor, compositing of all bio-degradable materials and recycle flowers to make hand made paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16304319", "title": "Orissa high court rejects BPUT students petition on camp office shift", "text": "ROURKELA: The Orissa high court has rejected the petition of a group of BPUT students to shift the university camp office back to Bhubaneswar from Rourkela. The BPUT camp office has started functioning from its temporary office at Rourkela.Some students under the banner of All Odisha BPUT Students Association had moved the court protesting against the shifting of the camp office from Bhubaneswar to Rourkela. They said students won't be able to air their day-to-day grievances to the BPUT management in case of a shift because most affiliated colleges are located in and around Bhubaneswar.Before the admission of the petition, the BPUT Action Committee had also filed a petition, praying to be an intervener in this case and had opposed the claims made by students. After a detailed hearing, Chief Justice V Gopal Gowda rejected the case. The court did not accept the petitioners contention that Rourkela would be too far a place for students. \"The court also recognised the fact that the Act clearly mentions that the headquarter of BPUT will be at Rourkela,\" said M D Parija, convenor of BPUT action Committee, Rourkela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16307974", "title": "Films that depict smoking to get UA", "text": "All films that show a protagonist smoking will automatically be granted a 'UA' certificate by the Censor Board of Film Certification, no matter what the rest of their content may be, a source from the CBFC told TOI.So even if a film like, say, Haathi Mere Saathi or Andaaz Apna Apna t hat children love, had featured a character blowing smoke rings, the censors would have had to grant it a 'UA' certificate, according to the source. \"In addition, the disclaimer regarding cigarette smoking has to have a voiceover from the person who smokes on screen. Hence in Heroine, audiences will hear Kareena Kapoor warning them against cigarette smoking at the beginning of the film and after the interval,\" said the source and pointed out that there'll be no exceptions.\"We're following Information &amp; Broadcasting guidelines regarding smoking scenes. A static disclaimer has to be displayed at the bottom of the screen whenever a character is shown smoking. The actor or actors who smoke must announce the health hazards of smoking through a voiceover. And brand names of cigarettes have to be blurred. These guidelines have to be followed for every film, and there's no question of making exceptions. Guidelines pertaining to smoking and animal welfare are non-negotiable,\" according to the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304360", "title": "Headmaster dismissed for refusing admission under Right To Education Act", "text": "NAGPUR: Deepak Bajaj, head master of Mahatma Gandhi Centennial Sindhu High School, Jaripatka has been dismissed from his post by NA Thamke, education officer (secondary), Nagpur, for refusing admission to a student under Right to Education (RTE) Act. TOI had earlier taken up the issue several times.Bajaj had refused admission to Yash Bhagchandani who had applied for admission under RTE. Following this, Thamke issued a notice cum order on August 21 under the said act directing the head master and the management of the school to admit the student.The principal and the management did not pay heed to the order propelling the education officer to pass an order dismissing Bajaj as the principal of the school on September 3. The school management has approached the Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court through a writ petition against the August 21 order. The court has issued notice to respondents and fixed the matter for hearing on September 11.As of September 6, Bajaj did not vacate his post as principal and nor has the next seniormost teacher taken over as principal. On Thursday, the education officer passed another order appointing Jyoti Duhilani, current assistant head mistress, as principal of the school. Till Thursday evening, she too had not taken up her post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311551", "title": "Nagarjuna in charity mode", "text": "Nagarjuna, who plays Shirdi Sai Baba in his latest film, has decided to give away the remuneration that he got for this movie to charity.On Friday, Nagarjuna's wife Amala, who has her own animal welfare organisation, said, \"With some of the money, we will get a permanent building for performing animal surgeries. Apart from this, we are planning to use the rest of the money for educational welfare and other charities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304544", "title": "9 marble mines damaged in heavy downpour", "text": "JAIPUR: At least nine marble mines were damaged in Makrana after heavy rains in the Ajmer region. However, no loss of life was reported from the accidents. According to Khumbaram Khardi, president of the Khan Mazdoor Sangh, Nagaur, \"Most of the cranes in these mines have collapsed after the earth became loose due to the heavy downpour in the region. In some cases while the cranes have plunged deep into the pit, in other cases they are hanging loose.\"Khardi said that the collapse of the cranes began since Wednesday afternoon and continued till Thursday morning. \"The mines which have been affected are mines number 146, 147,148, 149, 155 of the Gunawati range, numbers 111, 110 and 108 of the Ulodi range. In some cases even the offices of the mines that were situated near them have collapsed,\" he said.These mines were operating illegally after having dug deeper than the permissible range. \"The heavy rains added to the fact that these mines were undercutting the nearby road. In some cases the mines had been dug to depths of 300 feet,\" Khardi said.In August three incidents of mine collapse were reported from the region due to similar reasons. Mining within 45 metres of the road and railway tracks is prohibited. But all such rules have been flouted here. It was in April this year that the high court had slapped a fine of Rs 50 crore on Sangemarmar Khan Vikas Samiti, the association of marble miners of Makrana for disobeying the rules. In the same order, the high court had once again directed the government to stop all mining activities within 45 metres of any road and railway tracks in the state with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304977", "title": "Karnataka must release more Cauvery water", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finding the Cauvery river water flow from Billigundulu dam to Tamil Nadu dwindling from 46 tmc (thousand million cubic) feet in 2002 to 22 tmc feet this year, the Supreme Court on Friday said Karnataka should release some more water till the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) discussed distress sharing formula in its September 19 meeting.A bench of Justices D K Jain and Madan Lokur asked whether Karnataka was open to release of additional water in the interim. Appearing for the state, Anil Divan said he would reply to the court's poser on Monday after consulting the authorities in Bangalore. TN's counsel told the court that drought conditions had already destroyed one crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16305092", "title": "Implement Shah panel's recommendations: BJP", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata party on Friday demanded that the government file an FIR against former chief minister Digambar Kamat, who was also minister for mines in Goa for almost 12 years.The BJP demands came in the wake of the release of the Justice M B Shah Commission report on Goa's illegal mining. In it, the former Supreme Court judge has has made adverse observations about the former Goa mines minister, alongwith government officials and agencies.Addressing mediapersons, state BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar demanded that the government immediately file an FIR against Kamat under sections 420, 120, 467, 468, 471 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and 13(1) and 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act. He also urged the Goa government to implement all the recommendations in the Shah Commission report.Parsekar recalled that the present chief minister Manohar Parrikar , as opposition leader during the days of the Congress government, was also the chairman of the public accounts committee. Parrikar's PAC had compiled a report alleging various illegalities in the mining sector in Goa. But the then-speaker of the Goa legislative assembly Pratapsing Rane had refused to table the report in the Goa assembly.Parsekar said that the Shah Commission report and Parrikar's PAC reports are similar. He congratulated Parrikar for his role in exposing the misdeeds of the Congress government. Parsekar also read out various extracts of the Shah Commission report and condemned the Congress government. \"At that time, the Congress in Goa said that the PAC report was politically motivated. Today, they stand exposed and Manohar Parrikar's stand is vindicated,\" Parsekar said.Parsekar also referred to Congress Rajya Sabha member of parliament Shantaram Naik's reported comments on Thursday that he was bringing central minister for environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan to Goa to see the mining dumps. \"I request Shantaram Naik to also discuss the issue with his Congress leaders in Delhi and bring a team of some good lawyers to bail out his Congress leaders in Goa,\" Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "16305343", "title": "PSU promised TN mantri\u2019s firm coal at Rs 25 per tonne", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The state-owned Puducherry Industrial Promotion Development Corporation (PIPDIC) entered into a memorandum of understanding with J R Power Gen Private Limited, owned by Union minister S Jagathrakshakan's family, to sell coal at a throwaway price of Rs 25 per tonne even before it was allotted a coal block, documents obtained in reply to an RTI application has revealed.The coal ministry, in a letter dated November 7, 2006, to chief secretaries of all states and Union territories, said it was considering allocation of coal blocks to central and state government undertakings. J R Power (JRP), which did not have any prior experience in the coal sector, approached the government on December 14, 2006, with an offer for joint exploitation of coal blocks.JRP promised a royalty of Rs 25 per tonne of coal to the Puducherry government besides 10% of the power generated in the proposed power projects. On January 17, 2007, PIPDIC entered into a memorandum of understanding with JRP to sell coal at Rs 25 per tonne for a period of 30 years or until the coal resources in the block exhausted, whichever was earlier. Jagathrakshakan quit as director of the company in 2009 to contest Lok Sabha polls, but his family members continue to be on the board of the company.As per the documents, a copy of which is with TOI, PIPDIC promised to seek allotment of coal block from the ministry and assured to take necessary steps for obtaining prospecting licence and mining licence from the state government concerned. The corporation declared that it will outsource all the activities relating to exploration and mining to JRP.A coal block at Naini in Odisha with about 500 million tones of reserve was allocated to PIPDIC and Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation (GMDC) on July 25, 2007. Months later, JRP sold 51% of its stake to Hyderabad-based K S K Energy Ventures Limited, an established player with interests in the energy sector.PIPDIC entered into an MoU with GMDC in 2008 for developing the block. As per the agreement, exploration and mining of coal will be carried out by GMDC and PIPDIC or a separate company to be created with the participation of the two, provided the separate company is a government company eligible to do coal mining as per provisions of the Coal Mines (Nationalization) Act. But the project never took off, forcing the ministry to issue a showcause notice to both corporations in May this year for the delay in development of the coal block.The Odisha government urged the ministry to cancel the allocation of coal blocks in the state to 11 public sector undertakings of other states, including PIPDIC and the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB). Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik, in a letter to coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal in May this year, said supply of coal to other parties will lead to back-door arrangement for sale of coal, ignoring the very principle of captive use of coal. He also pointed out that PIPDIC neither has any power plant in Odisha nor has any concrete proposal or an MoU with the state government for setting up a power plant.\"The corrupt practices of the previous Congress government have been proved now. We have been fighting tooth and nail against roping in an ineligible and unfit private firm to mine coal block allotted to Puducherry,\" said a social activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16305199", "title": "'Molestation victim' seeks protection", "text": "PONDA: The 14-year-old victim in the alleged molestation case at Shiroda submitted a letter to the women's commission seeking protection against the president and headmistress of the Kamlabai Hede HS, Shiroda, on Friday.The Class IX student has written the letter in her own handwriting.In the letter, written in Marathi, the victim has accused the president of the school Dr Ramkrishna Parkar, headmistress of the school, Hede, and Auda Viegas for compelling her to lodge a complaint against the accused teacher Khandeparkar. Alleging that the president and the headmistress were harassing her mentally, the victim urged the commission that she should be protected from mental harassment . The girl has reiterated that her police complaint, on which basis, the teacher Yogesh Khandeparkar had been arrested was \"false\".Adding two more teachers Snehalata and Sakshi in the list of accused, the victim has alleged that Parkar and Hede had got the complaint written by her 'forcefully' by confining her in the headmistress' cabin and threatening her on August 30, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16306469", "title": "Remove cell towers from schools: Supreme Court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court has came down heavily on the installation of overhead mobile towers on schools buildings.Dismissing a special leave petition filed by Cellular Operator Association of India (COAI), the division bench of Justice H L Dattu and Justice Chandramauli Prasad upheld the interim order by Rajasthan high court asking mobile companies to remove towers installed over schools and near hospitals.\"Let the children be safe. Radiation does affect them. Let the towers be removed,\" observed Justice Dattu.\"India is the only country where schools have overhead mobile towers. This can't be permitted,\"said Justice Prasad.Senior advocate Mukul Rohtagi said the Central government is seized of the matters and therefore, the interim order prejudices the issue. \"There is no question of prejudice. We can see the seriousness of the central government with the matter being considered since 2010 and no outcome so far. But we can not allow children to suffer,\" the court observed.COAI said if HC was permitted to pass such orders arbitrarily asking cellular companies to remove towers from schools and near hospitals, it will hit connectivity and consumers will be adversely affected.Rohtagi contended that the towers have also been installed in colonies where the number of residents is much more than a few hundred students in a school and unless a uniform policy of installation is not framed by government the HC order passed last month needed to be stayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16304335", "title": "Wardha road developers rushing to NIT", "text": "NAGPUR: Many developers, who had bought land off Wardha Road between 2005 and 2009 are now hoping to revive their fortunes through Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), which is developing the metro region. After witnessing an unprecedented boom mainly due to Mihan, realty business took a nosedive due to global slowdown and has not picked up since then.Other factors too contributed to the stagnation. The state government has not increased the gaothan limits in spite of several assurances as a result of which several layouts stand illegal. An assistant director of town planning (ADTP) had indiscriminately issued TP clearances and was suspended. Many developers had misled the buyers by claiming that NIT would provide the infrastructure in the layouts even though it was nowhere in the picture.All these factors had scared buyers away leaving developers with huge tracts of land. Now, NIT is clearing layouts in metro region as a planning agency. The developers are hoping that NIT's sanction would revive their business.NIT has so far cleared about 200 layouts, most of which are off Wardha Road. Some of them are off Nagpur-Kamptee road and some in Wanadongri areas. There are not many layouts on Bhandara, Amravati, Umrer and Katol roads.Superintending engineer PM Kide said NIT cleared the layout unless it came under a reservation as per the regional plan of 2000. \"We also check whether the plan allows the land use for the activity the developer plans to undertake. The developer then has to obtain non-agricultural (NA) certificate from district collectorate before signing a development agreement,\" said Kide.\"The final release letter is provided only after the layout has all the civic amenities. We give two options to the developers. Either they should provide basic amenities on their own or deposit money with NIT to do the job. Most of them have chosen the first option. NIT officials do on-the-sport inspection in this case,\" he said.Kide said proper development of the metro region would take place only after its development plan was cleared by state government and the agency started working on it.Meet to finalize rules for mega townshipNIT will hold a two-day meeting to finalize the rules for developing a mega township near Jamtha. The township will house a population of two lakhs after it is fully completed. Once the rules are finalized it will start signing agreements with land owners for acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16307059", "title": "Hospital cornea retrieval programme initiated at Madurai Rajaji hospital", "text": "MADURAI: The Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) administration has initiated a drive of placing posters on eye donation in and around the hospital premises with the intention of sensitising the medical staff on retrieving corneas at the hospital level. The drive is being held as part of the eye awareness 'Fortnight Programme', observed from August 25 to September 8.Inaugurating the poster drive, GRH dean, N Mohan, said that there are various reasons for corneal blindness, which can be corrected through surgical methods where eye donation plays a crucial part. There are 12 lakh people suffering with corneal blindness in the country and 60% of them are children. However, there are only 50,000 eye donations per year and therefore it is important to create awareness on eye donation, he said.Mohan urged the department of ophthalmology to revive the eye bank, which was started but had to be stopped in between. \"The department should take immediate measures to revive the eye bank to preserve the donated eyes,\" he said. He also urged the medical fraternity to start the awareness on eye donation from their homes and among their relatives. \"Further, medical staff in the hospital have an important role of sensitising their relatives about eye donation so that they agree to donate them. It is sufficient to get the consent from the relatives in eye donation cases, so medical staff should convince the relatives to come forward to donate the eyes as soon as some deaths happen in the wards,\" he said.P Thiagarajan, head of ophthalmology department said that the drive was initiated because they found the corneas obtained from multispecialty hospitals like GRH of good quality. So they have decided to take hospital cornea retrieval drive for eye donation awareness programme this year. \"We have identified 10 departments in the hospital with higher patient mortality rate and we are concentrating on sensitising the medical staff from those particular departments about the effectiveness of corneas retrieved from the hospitals,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16306187", "title": "A floral carpet over blue mountain", "text": "COIMBATORE: From a distance it looks as if the hill has wrapped itself in a dark blue shawl. As you walk up the ridge, you realize that thousands of shrubs of neelakurinji (strobilanthes kunthiana) have blossomed en masse.On Ebbanad and Bikku Pathi Mund villages, close to Ooty in the Nilgiris, a rare spectacle that normally happens once in 12 years is on view. Tourists have been crowding the two villages, nearly 15 km away from the Ooty district collectorate, to watch the blooms ever since news spread that the kurinjis have flowered. With the monsoon arriving late and the Supreme Court interim order banning tourism in tiger reserves affecting tourism inflow into the Nilgiris, the neelakurinjis have given something for the tourism industry to cheer.Normally, neelakurinjis blossom across vast tracts of the southern Western Ghats. This time, however, only two hills in the Nilgiris have been fortunate to witness the blooms. \"The entire shola grasslands of both the villages are covered by the flowers and they can be best viewed from the premises of Ebbanad High School,\" says local environmental activist Prabhu Poornan.According to him, the plants bloom normally in the Nilgiris, the Palani hills and the Munnar ranges in Kerala. \"Though small in quantity, they have started attracting botanists and tourists from across the region and has become a relief for people, who have been denied access to the Mudumalai tiger reserve,'' he said.According to Prabhu, the sighting of the flower, which has no fragrance, was recorded for the first time in the hills way back in 1838. The Nilgiri hills, which literally means the blue mountains, got their name from the purplish blue flowers of neelakurinji that blossoms gregariously only once in 12 years, says S Jayachandran of Tamil Nadu Green Movement. As the plant species is an endangered one and endemic to the southern Western Ghats, a proposal for listing the plant in Schedule 6 of the Wildlife Act is under the consideration of the government, said a forest official.\"Neelakurinji grows only at an altitude of 1,500 metre and is considered the flagship species of the shola grassland ecosystem. The plant will not survive in any other climate and altitude,\" says Prabhu. Though seeds will be formed in the plant immediately after the flowering, it takes another 10 months for these to become ready for germination. The conservation of the seed and the plant for the next 10 months is a major challenge for forest officials and wildlife enthusiasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306676", "title": "Bridge over troubled waters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For almost 15 years, people of Palla village in Kheda and Vautha village in Ahmedabad district have been waiting for a bridge that was promised between them over the river Sabarmati. The village Palla has no internal roads, but the construction of a recent helipad on the outskirts of the village has raised their curiosity. Former chief minister Shankersinh Vaghela in September 1997 had landed in Palla village in a helicopter and had laid the foundation stone of the bridge and had sanctioned a budget. But after the Vaghela his government collapsed, the project it went into cold storage. Interestingly, Narendra Modi chose Saturday this September month, to land in a helicopter in the same village to lay the foundation stone of the same bridge to score over Vaghela, who is believed to be the brains behind the Congress party's Ghar nu Ghar' scheme.\"Firstly, we do not have internal roads like other villages and secondly, the long promised bridge will become a political issue-this being an election year and where each party is trying to outsmart the other. We hope that in this game the two villages will bag some gains,\" says a Palla villager resident Bhola Arvindbhai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16306020", "title": "Jayalalithaa writes to PM against common test for dental courses", "text": "CHENNAI: Protesting against the Centre's move to conduct an All India Common Entrance Test for admission to undergraduate and postgraduate courses in dental colleges, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Friday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to exempt Tamil Nadu from the common test, saying it will create confusion and litigation in the smooth implementation of the reservation policy under the existing system.The Dental Council of India (DCI) has proposed the common test. \"It has been brought to my notice that the DCI has issued a Gazette notification regarding the introduction of a National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET) for both BDS and MDS courses. In this context, I would like to record my strong objection to the introduction of these tests,\" she said in a letter to Singh.The chief minister said the state government had already objected to the introduction of a NEET for admission to UG and PG medical courses in her earlier letter to the Prime Minister on July 30. As part of its policy of upholding social justice, Tamil Nadu has been following 69% reservation for Backward and Most Backward Communities and Scheduled Castes and Tribes in professional courses.Pointing out that the state government has taken steps since 2005 and finally abolished the entrance examination for professional courses from the year 2007-2008, she said: \"This was done after detailed examination by an expert committee that found that such common entrance examinations put students from rural areas and lower socio-economic backgrounds at a disadvantage due to lack of geographical and financial access to requisite training institutions.\"She said such entrance tests give rise to expensive coaching centres which charge high fees that poor students could not afford.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16304274", "title": "Chanda cops seize tiger nails, nab some poachers", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Special team of Chandrapur police on Friday seized some nails and moustache hair of tigers and reportedly arrested three or four accused for poaching. However, cops are tight-lipped over the entire operation.Sources said that raids were carried out in Sinala and Masala village close to Durgapur near here on Friday morning. The police team led by Deputy SP SN Sheikh reportedly nabbed some youths and recovered a few tiger nails and moustaches from them. However, exact number of seized nails could not be verified.Later, the same team raided village Jambharla near Chichpally on Mul road to recover the skin of the poached carnivore. The operation lasted till late in the evening. Details of this operation could not be obtained, but sources claimed that one of the accused in poaching gang belongs to Jambharla village.SP Rajiv Jain confirmed in the afternoon that an operation is underway for seizure of tiger parts, without revealing details. Sources however said that the arrested accused claimed to have killed a tiger in Kelzar jungle three months back. SP Jain did not answer calls seeking details after the operation ended in the evening. Deputy SP Sheikh too refused to reveal details of the seizure.Notably, the carcass of a tiger, sans head and paws, chopped into ten pieces was recovered in Borda jungle on May 18. The possibility of Borda tiger poaching being connected to these police raids could not be ruled out. It is likely that police would make a big disclosure on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16303403", "title": "Don't create hype around Yuvraj Singh, cautions MSD", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: \"If I touch his legs, I will survive,\" said Yuvraj Singh , only partly in jest, when asked what he was trying to do by touching Harbhajan Singh's feet during a training session.The southpaw's battle with cancer has been well-chronicled and his remarkable recovery will be put to the test when he takes the field for India again on Saturday.Will Yuvraj's fitness stand up to the rigours of modern-day cricket? Will he be able to soak up the pressure of making a comeback? It is too early to say much on the subject but the Punjab lad needs to be applauded for his effort.\"I feel we need to keep it as normal as possible,\" skipper MS Dhoni told reporters when asked about Yuvraj's comeback. \"Don't create hype around him because as an individual, once you are out and you come back, you do a bit of planning. The whole world talks about it as if they are helping him out. In a way it puts the burden on the individual and it is important to keep it as normal as possible and not let him think about what has happened in his life.\"Dhoni added: \"He has fought through it and he is a strong character. He needs to turn around and just enjoy his cricket as that is what he has done till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306643", "title": "Syndicate polls: National Students Union of India seeks date from VC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of four National Students Union of India (NSUI) members met the Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor Adesh Pal to inquire about the date of the syndicate elections. The VC, however, refused to give a commitment on the date but said that the stalemate would be resolved soon.Since Wednesday when the VC was pushed around by protesting staff and students, the VC has issued a directive to the security officials not to allow any students inside his office. If the matter is urgent, only four students are allowed.This led to a spat between the NSUI members and the security officials, who were not allowing the students to march inside the chamber. Later, four students were given permission to meet the VC.\"The VC refused to commit on the date on which the syndicate elections will be held. However, he said that the his office is working towards resolving the matter,\" said a student leader.NSUI leaders said that Pal cannot speak in Gujarati. \"When we told him that it was unfortunate, the GU VC could not speak the local language, he said that one has to be practical,\" another NSUI leader said.Meanwhile, the VC has said that his office will investigate into complaints that St Xavier's College charges Rs 500 for issuing transfer certificate and migration certificate while the other colleges issue the same for Rs 10-20. \"A decision on the issue will be taken on Monday,\" the leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16305211", "title": "Bank clerk, key accused in fraudulent transfer of Rs 1.70 crore from DVC", "text": "BOKARO: A case of fraud has been lodged against a clerk of Bank of India (BOI), Chandrapura branch. He had fraudulently transferred Rs 1.70 crore from the account of Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) to the account of a person known to him in Ranchi.The bank officials, however, detected the fraud soon after it was committed and recovered the amount which was later deposited back in DVC account. It took about six months for BoI management- which has constituted an inquiry in the matter to determine if the clerk, Ram Kishun Sao was the mastermind behind the crime.The bank officials, with the help of a CCTV footage, put together the sequence of events on the day the transfer was made and also came to know how Sao transferred the amount to Sunil Sah of Ranchi. The branch manager of BoI, Chandrapura, Shashi Bhusan Prasad has lodged an FIR against Sao and Sunil with Chandrapura police station.Officer-in-charge of Chadrapura PS, Akhil Ahmed said that police have begun its investigation based on Prasad's complaint. However, the accused have not been arrested as Ahmed is waiting for instructions from his seniors who are supervising the case.He said that the bank has accused Sao of fraudulently transferring Rs 1.70 crore from DVC account to Sunil's bank account in its Birsa Chowk branch, in Ranchi. The transferring of amount was done in two parts, Rs 90 lakh and Rs 80 lakh, respectively. Sunil had withdrawn Rs 1 lakh soon after the amount was transferred to his account. He also managed to transfer Rs 50 lakh to another account of his in ICICI bank.Ahmed said, \"The scam came into light once the bank officials found out about the transfer of such a huge sum from from Sunil's account and they immediately verified the matter. The manager of Birsa Chowk branch in Ranchi then got in touch with the Chandrapura branch manager and asked him to verify the transaction details of the account through which the payment was made to Sunil's account.\"He said that the bank officials also found that Sao had hacked the password of a bank official to transfer the amount. Transfer of such huge amounts needs the prior approval of the bank officials. Sao used the password of the bank official on his computer in office, that too in his absence and transferred the money. \"We are trying to gather information about Sunil and his relationship with Sao,\" said Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305243", "title": "New consultant for Shivaji statue", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after it announced its ambitious plan of erecting a 309-ft statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji in the sea off Marine Drive, the Maharashtra government is once again trying to speed up work on the project, this time with an eye on the 2014 elections.In a meeting at the state secretariat on Friday, the public works and general administration departments reached a decision to appoint a new consultant for the project. Officials said that the earlier design for the project will not be cancelled but a new consultant will be appointed nevertheless.There has not been much progress in the project since it was first announced in 2008. But it seems that the chief minister's office has taken special interest to ensure that the project, which has been stuck in limbo for various reasons, moves forward. \"We have discussed various options and will soon shortlist a new consultant,\" said an official.The project has been mired in controversy due to various reasons, including its location and need for environment clearances from the Centre. The proposal to set up the statue on an island off Marine Drive is likely to cost the state over Rs 300 crore. Earlier, the government had shortlisted the designs of a consortium of Team One architects and Bangkok-based Bensley Design Studio following a competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308214", "title": "India has not produced a new IT company in a decade: Ashok Soota", "text": "At 70, most people who have made their name and money tend to their gardens and do good with their charitable foundations. Ashok Soota, uniquely, while doing both, still finds the motivation and energy to launch and build new companies. What makes a man, who has been there and done that, want to again don the entrepreneurial hat well past the retirement age?An amused Soota quotes Bill Gates. \"I actually read it in a paper, yours may be, where Gates said, 'If I had had a finishing post in mind, I would have long since gone past it'.\"Another powerful reason was that Soota left MindTree , the company he co-founded with great fanfare in 1999, last year. He will not discuss why but admits that \"it's unusual for a guy who started the company to leave it. And I agree there must have been something unusual that happened that made me leave. Because one doesn't want to be negative, I choose to say I left for personal reasons. I kept the team together for 11 years, now I don't want to be part of it\".He launched Happiest Minds because he \"felt there was still something exciting, something new to do. The nice thing about it is that it gives me an opportunity to express and bring to life my personal philosophy with its focus on happiness\".Happiness is a subject Soota's passionate about and quotes Aristotle about the overall purpose of human existence being happiness. The company's mission statement reads, 'Happiest people, happiest customers'.Soota argues that you can run happy companies. \"Research on happiness shows that even when you focus on it, it leads to happiness.\" At Happiest Minds, meetings start with people remembering what they have to be grateful about.In the year that it has been in business, Happiest Minds has built a portfolio of 25 clients, 500 employees and nine offices. The $45 million raised from Canaan Partners, Intel Capital and Soota is expected to see the company through to IPO by 2018. Unless, of course, it goes for an acquisition. Soota's clear he wants Happiest Minds to be a public company because \"that's how you get across the quality of your governance\".If you wonder whether there's a need for another IT services company, Soota will argue that, \"In the last decade, India has not produced another IT company. There are a few niche players. If you say change is opportunity, now there is much more than internet. There are web 2.0 companies. There's cloud, social media, mobility, unified communications, big data and analytics. The essence of our strategy is simple. Focus on the change, because that's were the budgets, the needs are, that's where you can help people transform businesses.\"Does he still pound the pavement to get the business as he's the company's USP?\"I don't do anything on a day-to-day operations level except in terms of leveraging my own relationships. I love meeting customers, so I leverage those relations. I do keep in touch with the market. That might taper off in a year or two because, obviously, nobody brings in the relations that I do at the moment. It's more like making calls to meet old friends,\" he says.Soota admits that \"MindTree was probably 10 times harder than doing Wipro because, by then, you were already surrounded by giant players. In the years of growing Wipro, the market was growing 60-70% annually. Also, the time for creating another Wipro or Infosys was over. So, you aimed to create a great value organization, which is what we set out to do, achieved and are proud of. MindTree's IPO was one of the most successful ever done in the Indian markets in the IT services industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16309410", "title": "Outlook expresses regret to MK Venu, case dropped", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Outlook India magazine has expressed regret to senior journalist MK Venu for including his photo in the cover image of its November 29, 2010, issue on the Niira Radia tapes.Following the publication of the regret by Outlook in its latest issue, Venu, a former senior editor with The Economic Times and currently managing editor of Financial Express, has dropped the criminal defamation case he initiated against the magazine in a Delhi court.\"The cover image of the The 2G Scam Tapes (November 29, 2010) mistakenly included a photograph of Financial Express managing editor M K Venu with a caption that read, 'In the Ring'. This appeared to imply that he was part of a group that worked to perpetuate the then Telecom Minister A Raja in power, resulting in the scam. This was not our intention and we regret the impression created,\" Outlook said in the clarification, also published on its website .\"We are happy to draw our readers' attention to M K Venu's consistent criticism of Raja's telecom policy in his various published articles since 2007. Readers will bear in mind the foregoing clarification when viewing the November 29, 2010, cover page and cover story of Outlook. Readers may also bear in mind that because of technical limitations, this clarification may not accompany every online reproduction of the story anywhere else, where Outlook may not have control. In view of a resolution of the matter and issuance of this clarification, M K Venu has withdrawn the litigation filed against Outlook,\" it said.The case, which was being heard in a magistrate's court in the Saket district court complex, was disposed of on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16306671", "title": "Killer gets life as HC nixes insanity claim", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has sentenced a man to life in prison after a lower court held him guilty of murdering his wife, but released him on the grounds that he was of unsound mind.The high court sent the man to jail for want of evidence proving insanity. The court exercised its discretionary powers under section 390 of the criminal procedure code after observing that the man walking free in this manner was nothing but a \"mockery of the criminal justice system\".According to case details, Mahendrasinh Solanki of Ahmedabad district killed his wife in 2010 over dowry. He was found guilty by a sessions court earlier this year. But after recording the conviction, the sessions judge let him go, noting that he was mentally unstable. The lower court acquitted him under section 84 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). Solanki's mother was also exonerated.The state government questioned Solanki's acquittal before the high court. At the stage of admission, a bench of Justice Ravi Tripathi and Justice Paresh Upadhyay ordered Solanki to be sent to jail in accordance with the conviction recorded by the lower court. The court held that he cannot be permitted to go unpunished in the absence of proper evidence.After examining the case, the bench observed that the material on which the lower court had exonerated Solanki was not legally acceptable. \"Not only that no legal insanity is proved, even for medical insanity, no evidence, much less any legally acceptable evidence has come on record...No medical evidence has come on record, not even prescription of a doctor,\" the high court said in its order.The high court further observed that the trial court did not follow the procedure that has to be adopted in such cases, and the person found guilty of murder must not be permitted to take advantage of this procedural lapse. That Solanki benefitted from section 84 of the IPC seemed illegal to the high court. \"In our view, this has resulted in miscarriage of justice,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16306077", "title": "Visa pact with Pak set to be inked today", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Foreign minister S M Krishna and his Pakistani counterpart Hina Rabbani Khar will meet on Saturday amid indications that an agreement on a new visa regime will be signed although Khar didn't offer much hope of speedier progress on the trial of top Lashkar leaders accused in the 26/11 terror strike.Two other agreements \u2014 on allowing people to cross LoC for pilgrimage purposes and a cultural exchanges deal \u2014 are also being discussed.Khar promised a new approach to India and insisted it was not in Pakistan's interest to allow 26/11 to \"fester into an issue\" in bilateral relations but countered India's concern on the trial by pointing to the slow progress in the Samjhauta Express case where Pakistani tourists were targeted by Hindu extremists. \"If you doubt our intentions, look at the case of Samjhauta Express. We have said that once the process of co-examination of evidence, the opportunity of that is provided, we can hope for some forward movement,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16306932", "title": "Literacy Day: Officials confused about events", "text": "VARANASI: The International Literacy Day will be observed across the world on September 8. The district officials, looking after the literacy programme were not sure what events would be held at the district level to mark the occasion.\"We all are in Lucknow to take part in a national level programme to mark the day,\" district coordinator (literacy) Satish Srivastava said when contacted over phone on Friday. He had no idea about the programmes to be organised in the district on Saturday. \"We are in Lucknow. Basik shiksha adhikari will look after the programmes,\" he said.BSA Paramhans Yadav said that such programmes were looked after by the associate district inspector of schools. Associate DIOS OP Rai was also in Lucknow to take part in Saturday's programme. Yadav said that generally awareness programmes were organised in rural areas to mark the occasion.Many social organisations had geared up to hold programmes to create awareness about literacy. Vishal Bharat Sansthan is going to hold an 'Akshar March' in Sigra on Saturday. World Literacy of Canada , working for literacy and women empowerment, will hold programmes at its literacy centres in different districts of the region.WLC director Shitanshu Sharma said that programmes will be held at 15 places in 10 blocks in Varanasi, Mirzapur and Chandauli districts. About 4,000 women associated with these literacy centres would take part in the programmes by taking out rallies on the importance of literacy, holding games and quiz events.This organization is running 400 mahila mandals, 330 women literacy centres and 330 balwari centres in different districts of eastern UP.United Nations Literacy Decade (UNLD) had adopted 'Literacy and Peace' as the theme of International Literacy Day-2012.Literacy contributes to peace as it brings people closer to attaining individual freedom and better understanding of the world, as well as preventing or resolving conflict. For over 40 years, UNESCO has been celebrating International Literacy Day by reminding the international community that literacy is a human right and the foundation of all learning.Datas point out that the average literacy rate of Varanasi in 2011 was 77.05%, compared to 66.12% in 2001. The percentage of male and female literacy was 85.12 and 68.20 respectively. In 2001 Census, the same figures were 77.87 and 53.05 in the district.As per 2011 Census, total number of literates in Varanasi was 24,68,572. Out of which male and female figures were 14,26,908 and 10,41,664. While the literacy rate of UP was 69.7% (male-79.2% and female 59.3%), the literacy rate of the country was 74.04% (male 82.14% and female 65.46%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16310111", "title": "Role of social media in communal tension worries PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Voicing concern over deterioration of the communal situation in the country, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today said the use of social media and other mode of communication to aggravate such tension is posing a new challenge.\"Increase in communal incidents in the country in the past few months and the revival of ethnic tensions in the North East in recent weeks have been particular causes of concern to all of us,\" he said addressing the annual DGPs/IGPs conference here.Singh said ethnic disturbances of the north-east assumed a national dimension with the flight of people belonging to the region from various towns of south and western India.\"This further strained the communal situation in the country, which was already showing some signs of deterioration, particularly in the states of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Kerala,\" he said.The prime minister said use of bulk SMSs and social media to aggravate the communal situation was a new challenge that the recent disturbances have thrown before the country.\"We need to fully understand how these new media are used by miscreants. We also need to devise strategies to counter the propaganda that is carried out by these new means,\" he said. Singh, however, cautioned that any measure to control the use of such media must be carefully weighed against the need for the freedom to express and communicate. \"I am sure that in the coming months our police forces would be able to work out effective strategies to deal with these tendencies,\" he said.The Prime Minister said ethnic, religious and cultural diversity in our country is a source of strength and vitality to India and efforts must be taken to strengthen the thread of unity running through country's \"variegated societal landscape.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305213", "title": "Assistant civic chief gets HC notice", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Friday issued a showcause notice for contempt of court to the assistant civic chief, municipal commissioner, P North, for passing a demolition order despite the matter being subjudice.A division bench of the HC Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Rajesh Ketkar was hearing a petition by adivasi Ramchandra Pilena challenging the showcause notice by AMC Devendrakumar Jain allegedly without hearing him or considering his documents that show that his structure existed before 1959. The structure is an old chawl at Tanaji Nagar in Kurar Village, Malad (East).On January 30, 2012, HC had directed the collector (suburban) to decide the application for restoration of Pilena's land under the Adivasi Land Restoration Act within six months.Pilena's advocate Sanjiv Sawant said though the matter was sub judice and a status quo order passed, Jain ordered the demolition. He alleged that Jain acted at the instance of the developer. BMC's advocate conceded that the demolition order is passed and sought time to take instructions. The judges issued a contempt notice against Jain and adjourned the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16305531", "title": "CBI: Power ministry pushed Darda case", "text": "Neeraj ChauhanNEW DELHI: The CBI's claim that it did not book Congress MP Vijay Darda and his brother Rajendra Darda under the Prevention of Corruption Act as their company \u2014 JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd \u2014 had indulged in misrepresentation and they had not approached any government official for help is contradicted by the agency's FIR into the coal block allocation case.The FIR (exclusively accessed by TOI) says the power ministry had recommended coal blocks to JLD Yavatmal Energy, in which the Dardas are directors, despite the state government (Chhattisgarh) not recommending the company. Of the five FIRs filed by the CBI earlier this week, Prevention of Corruption Act has not been invoked only in the case of JLD Yavatmal Energy.The agency, which is expected to register six more FIRs within two weeks and begin questioning of the Dardas and the Jayaswals next week, has approached the income tax department to look into possible tax evasion by the accused companies.JLD Yavatmal, Vijay Darda, Rajendra Darda, Vijay's son Devendra Darda, Manoj Jayaswal, Anand Jayaswal and Abhishek Jayaswal have been booked for criminal conspiracy and cheating.\"Inquiry revealed that the coal ministry advertised on November 13, 2006, inviting applications for the allocation of coal blocks, including Fatehpur (east) in Chhattisgarh. In response, 53 companies applied. The 35th screening committee, concluding its deliberations on September 13, 2007, recommended allocation of Fatehpur (east) block jointly to M/s JLD Yavatmal Energy Ltd, M/s RKM Powergen Pvt Ltd, M/s Visa Power Ltd, M/s Green Infrastructure and M/s Vandana Vidyut Ltd for their proposed power plants in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh, respectively. The letter of allocation, having geological reserve of 450 million MT, was issued on January 22/23, 2008,\" the CBI FIR said.Describing the power ministry's role, the FIR said, \"Power ministry had recommended allocation of this block to four companies, including JLD Yavatmal. Chhattisgarh government (state where coal block was allocated) had not recommended JLD Yavatmal. Enquiry revealed that JLD had misrepresented/concealed facts in application form in order to qualify and obtain wrongful gains in allocation of fresh coal block.\" The agency could have charged the accused persons under the Prevention of Corruption Act and investigate whether power ministry officials deliberately helped the company.Explaining the modus operandi of the company and its directors, the FIR said, \"JLD Yavatmal fraudulently claimed in its application that it has been jointly promoted, controlled and managed by Lokmat group and IDFC (Infrastructure Development Finance Company) Ltd and claimed net worth of Rs 2,544.19 crore of IDFC and Rs 73.38 crore of Lokmat group in its support.\"It added, \"The company, with a proposed capacity of 1,215MW, would not have pre-qualified for the recommendation of the power ministry but for this deception. The group companies of JLD Yavatmal had previously been allocated 4 coal blocks during 1999-2005. But the company fraudulently concealed this fact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310020", "title": "Siddharth, Samantha to shoot in Dubai", "text": "Siddharth and Samantha will be soon leaving to Dubai for the next schedule of their film directed by Nandini Reddy. The unit will begin shooting for the foreign schedule from September 19 and is expected to return back to the city in the first week of October. The film has been long in the making because it had to be shelved temporarily for some days owing to Samantha's skin ailment. Expected to be released later this year, the film was mostly shot in Hyderabad. This yet-to-be-titled film is produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions. SS Thaman is scoring the music. It was also reported that Kerala beauty Nithya Menen is playing a cameo in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305274", "title": "Thackeray senior pins blame on 'paralyzed' govt for Aug 11 riot", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has condemned the Maharashtra government for the August 11 riot in south Mumbai. Stating that the mob went on the rampage because the administration was \"paralyzed\", Thackeray said there were no such riots in Maharashtra during the Sena-BJP rule in the 1990s.\"The constabulary is in a bad shape,\" Thackeray said in an interview with Saamna, the Sena mouthpiece, on Friday.The Sena chief said the need of the hour was to strengthen the police force. \"Cops have to put in long hours of work. There is no relief from high pressure. On the other hand, Maharashtra's netas seem to be having a nice time. They have put on weight and their belly has come out while Adivasi children suffer from malnourishment.\"The Sena chief said a separate cell should be constituted to look into the grievances of policemen and armymen. Thackeray said no trade unionism should not be allowed in the police force and the army.He also accused Congress president Sonia Gandhi of preparing to foist Rahul Gandhi on the country as prime minister. He slammed UPA government for failing to check the influx of Bangladeshis into Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304937", "title": "Environment ministry delaying road projects for years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Highways ministry has claimed that its road projects are getting delayed because of environment, forest and wildlife clearances that take between anywhere one and three years. The ministry is likely to present cite thus reason before the committee of secretaries, headed by the Cabinet Secretary, on Monday. The CoS is looking into simplifying procedures for expediting infrastructure projects.A senior ministry official said that issues relating to green clearance were raised in the earlier CoS meetings. \"Our experience shows while environmental clearances take 12-15 months, forest clearances can take over three years. The delays have impacted awarding of highway projects,\" a senior official said.The ministry officials are also likely to argue for liberal green norms for road sector. Sources said that the provisions of Forest Rights Act (FRA) should not apply to road projects. To make matters worse, the process of getting approvals from village panchayats is adding to inordinate delay of projects.The ministry has recommended the drafting of uniform terms of reference (ToR) to grant environment clearances for all road projects. ToR is the basis for the environment impact assessment of any project. At present, an expert appraisal committee of ministry of environment and forests determines ToR for each project.The ministry is also pushing for delinking environmental clearance from forest clearances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304924", "title": "'He adopted Munna bhai way for admission'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow University authorities on Friday found that one of the student leaders got admission in the PhD course through impersonation. Inspired by Bollywood blockbuster \"Munna bhai MBBS\", Agnivesh Singh Senger alias Maan Singh made a candidate appear on his behalf in the PhD entrance test and topped the examination.This was revealed during an inquiry the university was forced to conduct following pressure from the teachers who alleged that large scale anomalies have taken place in admissions this year, which allowed student leaders with criminal antecedents, who were expelled in the past, to take admissions in postgraduate and PhD courses.During the probe, officials found that the admit card issued to Singh for PhD entrance test had photograph of another person. Now, the university has decided to cancel Singh's admission. Teachers said that it was only the tip of the iceberg. Many unscrupulous elements have taken admissions in university only to contest the union elections.Interestingly, the academic documents provided by Singh show that he did is graduation in 2005-06 from a college in Ballia district with 48% marks and post-graduation with 66% marks from the Sikkim University. He took admission in Lucknow University last year in MA Sociology and this year got himself enrolled for the PhD course.In fact, Singh topped the Ancient Indian History PhD entrance exam for non-junior research fellow applicants with 82% marks. Now, it has become clear that an imposter wrote examination for Singh. He took admission in PhD because double MA is not allowed in the Lucknow University and he wanted to stay only to contest union elections.University has also ordered a probe to find out how a former student leader, Ram Singh Rana, who was expelled from the university in 2006, managed to renew his admission for PhD in the department of social work. The PhD renewal can be done only after the recommendation of the guide and clearance of the head of the department.On Thursday, heads of eight departments of the university had openly expressed their displeasure over the way admissions were done in the 2012 academic session that PhD admission process was particularly faulty. Several post-graduate and lesser known diploma courses, were also a preferred route among student leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16303685", "title": "Rahi pips Anisa in selection trials", "text": "PUNE: Rahi Sarnobat once again asserted her supremacy in sports pistol while veteran Samaresh Jung continued his strong comeback with a second-place finish in air pistol at the national selection trials on Friday.Rahi held off a strong challenge from Anisa Sayyed, who overcame a four-point deficit in the qualifying and led briefly with a strong performance in the final of the 25 metre women's event. But the 21-year-old Kolhapur girl regrouped just in time to shoot a 52.5 in the final round to clinch the issue.Results:25M pistol: Women: 1. Rahi Sarnobat (585+203.5), 2. Anisa Sayyed (581+206.5), Sushma Singh (570+203.3); Junior women: 1. Aanchal Rana (567), 2. Shreya Gawande (560), Loveleen Kaur (555).50M 3P rifle: Women: 1. Tejaswini Sawant (580+98), 2. Anjum Moudgil (578+99.2), 3. Anjali Bhagwat (576+100); Junior women: 1. Anjum Moudgil (578), 2. Tejaswini Muley (573), 3. Aprajita Singh (568).10M air pistol: Men: Amit Pilaniya (584+98.6), 2. Amanpreet Singh (580+101.1), 3. Samaresh Jung (580+99.8); Junior men: 1. Vivek Kumar (573), 2. Sarjeet Singh (571), Kuldeep Kumar (570).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16305182", "title": "Private, public sector industries join hands to combat filaria", "text": "DHANBAD: District administration of Dhanbad has decided to involve both private and public sector industries of the coal belt in the filaria control programme.Deputy commissioner, Prabhat Kumar, on Friday convened a meeting of the district officials and authorities from the Railways, Bharat Coking Coal Limited and some private firms asking them to join the mass drug administration campaign from September 24-29.Civil surgeon, Dr Shashi Bhushan Prasad Singh, said the campaign would involve the agencies of both the state and central governments in different blocks, both in urban and rural areas.Drugs will be supplied, free of cost, under the Central Filaria Control Programme.Doctors were asked to motivate the people to take anti-filaria drugs as the disease was not curable, but one that could be prevented.Those who are ailing, pregnant women and children below two years will be kept out of the campaign.Administration of anti-filaria drugs causes side effects like headache and vomiting. This would be communicated to the people and they would then be convinced that these symptoms indicated the drug was working successfully on them.Under the National Health Policy, the Government of India has promised to eradicate filaria by 2015. China and Sri Lanka, two neighbouring countries which had very high rate of filariasis are free of the disease now, but in India, it is still common.The coal companies were directed to keep pollution in Damodar river under control as water pollution is one of the factors that cause filariasis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16309635", "title": "Vijayalakshmi and Radhika to joins hands for a film", "text": "Producer-Director and actor Vijayalakshmi is now directing a film for an outside banner. She showed her skills in directing films like 'Ee Bhandana' and 'Male Barali Manjoo Irali' which brought her lot of laurels. Now she is directing a film to be produced by actor Radhika Kumaraswamy who is making a comeback through this film. Audithya is playing lead actor in the film.Giving details about this venture, Vijayalakshmi Singh said that she had contacted Radhika to discuss her role for which a script was written by her. \"I briefed the script and Radhika instantly liked it. She said she would be happier to make the film under her production banner as the film's story needed a good star cast and rich production values.\" Vijayalakshmi added, \"It was Radhika's wish to add lot of variety in the making of the film.\"Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305581", "title": "Air-conditioned life can pollute homes in Mumbai, say doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic doctors have identified flora specific to Mumbai that could be triggering asthma or aggravating allergies. Pollen, for instance, has been acknowledged as a trigger for respiratory ailments. Also, fungi, molds and dust mites, not expected in a hot climate, are stalking Mumbai homes.The findings are from an ongoing study undertaken by KEM Hospital's Department of Chest Medicine and Environmental Pollution Research Centre. Doctors, who set out to study the effect of environmental factors on asthma, have since January zeroed in on 468 homes in Khar, Andheri and Borivli, covering 540 Mumbaikars. After an initial census and round of questionnaire circulation conducted by social workers, medical experts armed with peak flow meters and portable spirometers visited homes to assess residents' lung functions. They collected pollen grains and fungal spores by hanging slides near windows in the identified homes.Of those with asthma, nearly 3.5% were found to have been affected by environmental factors, according to preliminary findings. \"For the first time, we can say with authority that there is pollen in Mumbai's air that acts as an asthma trigger in some Mumbaikars,\" said Dr Amita Athavale, head of KEM Hospital's chest medicine department. It is usually believed that fungus is not common in desi homes due to India's tropical climate. But the KEM study found that it is as common in Mumbai as in Western cities.Blackish cottony growth on home walls could be telltale signs of fungi, warn doctors. \"Leakage in walls and ceilings is one of the commonest causes for fungus to breed in Mumbai homes,\" said allergy specialist and honorary professor at JJ Hospital, Wiqar Sheikh, who pointed out that dust mites were more common triggers than fungi.Homes where air-conditioners run through the night and where windows are not regularly opened for airing are particularly prone to fungal growth. \"People leave ACs on the whole night and leave home the next morning without opening the windows. The environment in the rooms continue to be moist, preparing favourable grounds for fungal growth,\" explained Dr Athavale.But chest specialist Dr Rohini Chowghule said that while fungi and pollen grains would be present in the city's air, it is difficult to pin them down as the main cause for asthma and allergy among Mumbaikars. \"Only if a person's lungs are weak will fungi and pollen have effect,\" she said. The main reason for asthma's incidence in Mumbai, she said, was urbanization. \"In villages, you barely get people with asthma. In cities, changing lifestyles, along with indoor pollution, cause the ailment.\"Sheikh advised Mumbaikars to safeguard themselves against such allergens by taking small yet significant measures such as removing carpets and indoor plants, fixing leakages that leave indoor dampness, switching over from cotton pillows and mattresses to foam and getting pest control done regularly. Athavale suggested opening homes to fresh air and sunlight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16306341", "title": "Festive spirit grips coastal districts", "text": "MANGALORE: It is that time of the year in the coastal city when children don new clothes and head to churches with a wicker basket full of flowers to shower it on Maria Bambina-statue of Virgin Mary. For nine days ending on September 8, they continue this ritual as a preparation for the Monthi Fest or Nativity of Blessed Virgin Mary , which is also celebrated as a harvest festival by Christians in this part of the world.According to Fr Santosh Kamath of Fathima Retreat House the Monthi Fest has a history of not less than 200 years in the coastal city.While several Catholics restrict themselves to vegetarian diet during these nine days, it is not uncommon to see families following a non-vegetarian menu. Fr Santosh says, \"There no mention in the Gospels that a vegetarian diet has to be followed during this period. Catholics may have borrowed this custom from other communities.\"On the day of the fest, Catholic families gather together to have the 'Nove Jevan' (new meal) after having a mixture of crushed grain and coconut milk/milk from the blessed paddy stalk given at the church. The fare is chiefly vegetarian consisting of odd number of vegetable dishes. \"There is no answer as to why odd number of dishes should be served. It is a tradition which has been followed for the past several generations,\" says Eric Ozario, head of Mandd Sobhann. The dish of the day is alu dente with ambade and roce (coconut milk with jaggery a thin version of the payasam) with idly or sanna.Members of the Protestant community celebrate the harvest festival in the month of October on varying dates. Hani Cabral, principal, Karnataka Theological College says, \"When missionaries introduced the concept, they looked into the culture of local people and the rituals they follow during festivals like Ugadi.\"The Protestants celebrate the festival on different days and it usually falls on the next day of the local shandy, which will be on a weekday. \"Now because of the work pressure, a few of the churches are celebrating it on Sunday,'' adds Cabral. He also says that if farmers brought their produce and kept it on the altar or outside the church, workers like carpenters brought their implements for blessings on the festival day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306359", "title": "Panjab University polls: Students\u2019 Organization of Panjab University sweeps it clean", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The mandate is out. The young voice at Panjab University has spoken. It is a clean sweep for the panel of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) alliance that won all four seats of the Panjab University Campus Student Council (PUCSC) for the second year in succession.Satinder Singh Satti, a geology student, is the new president of PUCSC. Seerat Arora is the new vice-president while Kuldeep Sheron and Kanhaiya Lal are the new secretary and joint secretary respectively.SOPU shares its victory with alliance partners Hindustan Students' Association (HSA) -- largely comprising students from Haryana -- and Students' Oraganisation of India (SOI), the youth wing of Akali Dal.But, it wasn't a cakewalk for SOPU, with Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) putting up a strong fight. Even, re-counting had to be ordered at the last moment for the vice-president's seat. The difference between SOPU's vice-presidential candidate Seerat Arora and her nearest rival, Smriti Brar of PUSU, was a paltry 44, of the of the total 8,346 votes polled.Tension ruled the air on the campus as results became evident and supporters of both SOPU and PUSU came face to face. However, violence was avoided by immediate intervention by the police.However, the air was soon rent with festivities as students broke into impromptu bhangra to the beat of dhols and students cheered the winners.The turning point for SOPU proved to be the support from H SA and last burst of canvassing by SOPU supporters.Among the departments, windfall for SOPU came from the departments of pharmacy and law, where it won by big margins of 220 and 151 votes respectively.Overall polling was up by 10% this year, touching 62.8%. Even as the overall voter turn out remains average, certain departments including law and chemistry had voters turning out in large numbers.\"This year's election, which did not see any violence, has set a precedent,\" said PU vice-chancellor Arun Grover.The mandate was, however, different in the colleges where PUSU and alliance partners ruled the roost in most colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16311084", "title": "Nayan off to Europe", "text": "The actress, who is busy juggling her Tollywood and Kollywood career, has been shuttling between Chennai and Hyderabad.She is one actress who lets her movies do the talking. Currently, in Chennai for the shoot of the Vishuvardhan film along with Taapsee, Ajith and Arya, the actress's next location is Europe.The Nagarjuna film titled Love Story is being directed by Dasharath. The first schedule was said to have been shot in Hyderabad itself. Now that Nag has released his Shirdi Sai for which he was waiting, his calendar has been cleared for this flick. And the cast and crew are off to Europe for a month.The movie is said to be romantic love story and a family entertainer. Chandan Reddy is the produce and it's made in the Kamakshi Movies banner. Thaman who has seen tremendous success in Tollywood has done the music for this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16309585", "title": "Workshop for solar energy entrepreneurs", "text": "GUWAHATI: Indian Institute of Entrepreneurship (IIE) along with SELCO Incubation Centre would provide operational guidance and mentoring support to aspiring entrepreneurs to those aspiring to set up solar energy business.IIE director Sunil Kumar Saikia inaugurating a day-long workshop for entrepreneurs of the North East said effort was made to dispel myths associated with sustainable technology and the rural sector as a target customer base.SELCO, a social enterprise providing sustainable energy solutions and services to under-served households and businesses, has set up an incubation centre to support entrepreneurs in the region, its CEO Ashis Sahu said. I\"Decentralized energy solutions need a decentralized institution to operate successfully and hence we have launched an incubator which will prepare these individual entities offering renewable energy services across the country.\"The incubation centre would also provide remote and on site help in designing, installing and servicing, assistance in developing business plan, assistance in raising necessary investment, mentoring through the initial stages, platform for networking with the alliance partners and associates and cost saving through shared sourcing of supplies across the alliance entrepreneurs, he said.Sahu also gave details of the support being offered by the SELCO Incubation Centre to the potential enpterreneurs, which is a 12-month incubation process covering 15-45 days of classroom and hands on training, assistance in setting up operations and assistance in end user financing and training local financial institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303399", "title": "Face the music for encroachment in lake area: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Adopting no-nonsense attitude about any laxity in granting building permission in the Upper Lake catchment area, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan told officers to be ready for any such action.Reviewing the works being carried out for the lake's conservation and development, Chouhan at a meeting on Friday said concrete steps must be taken to ensure lakes' conservation.An official spokesman later said the chief minister told officer concerned would be held responsible for encroachments in the catchment area of the Upper Lake in Bhopal . Officer granting building permission in this area would also be punished.According to spokesman, the chief minister also issued directives to chalk out practical long-term and short-term action plans for conservation, development and beautification of the Upper Lake and other lakes in the city and nearby areasUrban administration minister Babulal Gaur , mayor Krishna Gaur and chief secretary R Parasuram were among others present.At the meeting, the chief minister also directed to take a concrete initiative to ensure conservation of all the urban and rural area reservoirs in the state. Referring to aerial survey made by him recently, Chouhan said the flow of water into Kolans and Uljhawan rivers, the two tributaries of the Upper Lake has reduced. He said a short-term action plan should be chalked out and implemented soon for deepening of these rivers, motivating farmers in the area to adopt organic farming, treatment of sewer among other things.Work of deepening of rivers should be completed before the next monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304703", "title": "Two South Bombay college fests kick-off", "text": "MUMBAI: The season of inter-college cultural fests is far from over. After the euphoric conclusion to Malhar and Umang in August this year, students of Sophia College and Wilson College in town are currently hosting their annual fests Kaleidoscope and Adorea. To be held between September 7 and 9, both the fests witnessed an overwhelming crowd on the first day of their fests.\"Even though it was pouring over the past few days, students showed up at our college campus in huge numbers for the eliminations that were held from September 4 to 6. But the crowds for the final days was beyond our imagination,\" said Lubna Amir, a member of the PR team for K'Scope 2012. The day started with events from dance, music and literary arts sections and within no time, the campus was buzzing with excitement. Quite a few participants also enrolled for the various workshops held this year. \"Even the Mr and MS Kaleidoscope eliminations saw a huge number of participants, leaving the judges surprised. Our auditorium was overflowing with audience dying to watch the elimination round of the street dance event. Participation has hit the roof this year,\" said Simran Rana, a member from the organising team for K'Scope.At Wilson College, students from all streams showed up in numbers even though the festival is primarily a management fest. \"Even though this fest is organised by the management students of the college, our events are designed in a way that students from all streams and courses can participate,\" said Asad Khan, one of the organising team members of Adorea 2012. On the first day, the band event attracted the maximum crowd, especially with Luke Kenny judging the event. \"We also had our football event, which will take place on all three days of the fest. Also, many management activities took place on the first day,\" added Khan.On Saturday, participants can only expect for more at these fests. While Adorea will feature a host of cultural events ranging from dance and music to fine arts, K'Scope will host street plays, street football and other events in literary arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304713", "title": "State government withdraws cases against 37 Tappal farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh on Friday withdrew criminal cases lodged against 37 farmers during the agitation against land acquisition in Tappal block of Aligarh district. The cases were lodged against the farmers following a violent clash with police in which five persons, including a Provincial Arms Constabulary personnel, died on August 14, 2010. The cases were lodged during the Mayawati regime.The decision to withdraw the cases has been taken after an inquiry. The government came to the conclusion that the \"clash\" was not an act of criminal violence as it took place during an agitation against land acquisition, which means that the farmers were fighting for their rights.In the first round on April 13, 2012, the state government had dropped charges against 24 farmers who took part in the Tappal agitation. The farmers were holding a demonstration at Jikarpur village of Tappal block demanding high rate of compensation for their land acquired by the state government for the Yamuna Expressway project, when the police used force to disburse the agitators. This led to clash and police firing in which five persons, including three children, were killed.The incident became a national issue overnight, forcing the Mayawati government to compromise. Apart from increasing the compensation, the then state government promised to amend the land acquisition policy and withdraw criminal cases. Though the first promises were met, the second one remained unfulfilled, leading to resentment among farmers, which led to a similar clash on the same issue in May 2011 at Bhatta-Parsaul village, Gautambudhnagar, in which four persons, including two policemen died. Later, a few farmer leaders were put in jail.The SP in its election manifesto had promised to withdraw cases against farmers if voted to power. Soon after winning elections in March this year, the new government ordered an inquiry which found that the district administration framed farmers who were protesting peacefully but turned violent when the police force was used.Some farmers were booked for ploughing the acquired land. The probe also revealed that the farmers were not given any opportunity to put their defence, which also amounts to violation of human and civil rights. Further, in all the cases the witness, petitioner and investigator were government officials, which was against natural justice.Farmer organisations have welcomed the move but demanded that the criminal cases lodged against farmers under similar circumstances during the Bhatta-Parsaul agitation should also be withdrawn. Nutan , wife of Manveer Singh Teotia who led the Tappal and Bhatta-Parsaul agitations and is currently in jail, while welcoming the decision requested that the government should also do justice in Bhatta-Parsaul case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16304118", "title": "Maharashtra to push for national project status for Lower Painganga", "text": "YAVATMAL: If all goes well, the Lower Painganga river irrigation project may get national project status. \"State government is making all efforts to get a 'national project status' for the project from the central government. And if need be we will take the help of office of Union Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar ,\" said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar here on Friday.Pawar was interacting with press persons at Bachat Bhavan after attending a janata darbar, which saw thousands of people from all over the district putting up their grievances.About the resignation of school education minister Rajendra Darda after the CBI booked him in the infamous allocation of coal blocks, Pawar said, \"It is the prerogative of the chief minister. Moreover, it is Congress party's internal affair. I need not comment on it.\"Expressing concern over the delay in completion of important works like the auditorium (which was started in 2002), non-payment of compensation to project-hit families and slow pace of the survey of damages caused by flood, Pawar assured of expediting the pending works with the coordination of the departments concerned.He announced that Rs20 crore would be allotted to construct a new collectorate. It will act as a central building which will house all the headquarters of various departments. Rs30 lakh will be spent on the construction of compound wall of existing collectorate, he added.He also assured to fill up all the vacant posts in the revenue, police and zilla parishad departments.Regarding Rs200 crore compensation package, he said, \"Soyabean farmers have been compensated fully while aid amounting to Rs24.77 crore for cotton farmers would be paid soon.\"Reminded about his promises of making Maharashtra load-shedding free by December 2012, Pawar said, \"I still stand by my words and it would happen for sure. But, I am concerned about the pending energy dues. In Yavatmal alone the dues are of Rs312 crore. Of this, Rs251 crore is of farmers.\"Pawar also chaired a review meeting of top bureaucrats and took stock of the needs of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "16303734", "title": "Probe into attack on girls' hostel", "text": "NELLORE: Police have launched an inquiry into the attack by two unidentified masked youth who terrorised a girls' hostel situated in the heart ofNellore town in the late hours of Wednesday. The attack by the youth hassent shockwaves among the parents and girls and police assured all that the accused would be nabbed.Sources said the two youth wearing monkey caps entered the DKW Junior College hostel at midnight by climbing the water pipes to the top floor and attacked some girls by forcibly entering their rooms. Some girls were allegedly molested. As the attack came close on the heels of psycho Srinu who killed three bus passengers near Tada, parents were terrified and brought the matter to the notice of cops.Sources said the unidentified duo entered one room after another and misbehaved with the inmates. Some of the frightened students shouted for help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16304912", "title": "IIM mulls training for SC, ST CAT aspirants", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to enhance the competitive skills of candidates hailing from reserved category, the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow has decided to help such aspirants seek structured training through professionals for the Common Admission Test. \"This exercise will help all the IIM's to get quality students from the socio-economically deprived categories. It will also be an incentive for brilliant students from these categories to dream big, focus their energies in a constructive manner for socio-economic development,\" said IIM-L director Devi Singh.After discussions, a workable roadmap was evolved. It was decided that in the pilot phase, around 40-60 promising students (from Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes categories) willing to pursue management studies would be chosen from colleges around Lucknow. They would be coached for two to three months by an external agency with specialises in training candidates for CAT. The institute would pay for all expenses as a part of its corporate social responsibility initiative. But to be fair in the process, IIM Lucknow will have no role in selection and training of these candidates and would neither have any influence on any CAT-related process.For CAT 2012, IIM-L has selected a coaching institute to select and prepare a batch of 50 SC/ST candidates taking the test this year and also groom these candidates for the next stage of post graduate programme in management admission process. Initially this project would be restricted to Lucknow region (but the candidates can be from any where in India) for the purpose of easy monitoring and evaluation. Based on the results and feedback , it might be extended to other cities next year.However, IIM-L officials clarified that this special exercise for SC/ST candidates in no way ensures their admission to the post graduate programme in management of any IIM or at any other programme of any business school which accepts CAT scores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305181", "title": "Plea for bail of 5 accused rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court has rejected the bail application of five men arrested in the August 11 Azad Maidan violence case. Judge R V Jatale said on Friday, \"Two innocent people lost their lives. There has been major loss to public property... the police and media were affected. The case is very sensitive.\" The accused, Imran Shaikh (32), Amin Chaudhari (28), Omar Ansari (19), Ansar Ali Qureshi and Afzal Shaikh (32) are among the 23 who were arrested immediately after the riot. Defence counsels Sharif Shaikh and Khalid Azmi said the five were randomly picked up from their residence by the police, and were innocent. tOn August 11, provocative speeches were made at the Azad Maidan rally following which the crowd turned violent, leaving two dead and dozens injured. On Thursday the police invoked Section 505 (1) (C) of the IPC which deals with making statements with the intention to cause mischief, in connection with the August 11 violence. They have also been charged with murder, dacoity, rioting, and arson, destruction of property and molestation of eight women constables.Six accused, Salim Mehtab Shaikh , Amir Yunus Shaikh, Anees Dawre, Aslam Ali Shaikh and Abbas Ujjainwala were discharged under Section 169 of the CrPC after confirming that they were not involved in the rioting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16305175", "title": "Dawood gang hand suspected behind Aug 11 Mumbai riots", "text": "MUMBAI: The security agencies are in the process of verifying the recorded conversations of a man, suspected to be D-gang master Dawood Ibrahim, to his original voice. The agencies now believe that Mumbai's August 11 violence took place on the behest of Dawood. Two youth were killed in the violence.Sources in the security agencies say that they came to know about suspicious conversations while monitoring a few phones.The conversation, prior to August 11 and on the day of violence, was available with the intelligence agencies but the report was not submitted to the Mumbai police even after a few days of the violence.\"Some officials suspect that Dawood himself spoke to a few people in Mumbai. The voice recorded in the phone is being matched to Dawood's latest voice. The recording of Dawood's voice, which is in the possession of security agencies, are a few years old. Hence they want to verify the last month's voice sample if they are of Dawood,\" said a source. Dawood Ibrahim is said to be staying in Pakistan and now avoids stepping out of his bungalow since he was designated as a global terrorist by the US.Meanwhile, a senior police officer said that he was unaware about any such conversation that took place prior to the violence.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had hinted the involvement of foreign hand in the Mumbai violence. Sources said that Chavan was briefed about the developments in the case before he spoke about the foreign hand. Moreover, the investigators found that certain provocative videos, showing atrocities on Muslims, were uploaded from Pakistan. Several videos and photos, circulated through Bluetooth and MMS among youth, provoked a section of Muslims in the country.The videos described the victims as Muslims of Assam and Burma. The security agencies are baffled with the voice. There are several unanswered questions about Dawood here.Firstly, why would Dawood speak himself when he is in hiding for several years? Secondly, when he could have easily assigned this job to any protege, why would he personally come over phone? Was it a bigger plan than appears?\"There were frequent phone calls from Pakistan to Mumbai before the Azaz Maidan violence. While a few conversations were recorded, the technical branch of a security agency is now busy in identifying the men who spoke over phone since the callers and the phone receiver avoided using names over phones. Those who were contacted in Mumbai are being monitored,\" said sources in the security establishment. Earlier, the police had also hinted the involvement of underworld in the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306569", "title": "Engineering aspirants this year likely to take state entrance test", "text": "MUMBAI: Students aspiring to seek admission to the state's engineering colleges can heave a sigh of relief. For 2013, admissions to state colleges will be based on the state common entrance test ( MHT-CET) as every year and not on the basis of the Centre's Joint Entrance Examination (JEE).While the state had earlier planned to adopt JEE even for 2013's admissions, in a recent meeting, it was decided that this year, the state will continue with their own CET like every year and give admissions on the basis of CET scores only. However, a proposal to this effect is yet to be placed before the state cabinet for its final approval. The proposal might come up for discussion in the state cabinet by next week. The state will adopt the Centre's JEE from the 2014-15 academic session.Confirming about the proposal which will be presented in the cabinet, D P Sawant, minister of state for higher and technical education, said, \"A committee was formed to take a call on the state's decision about implementation of the single national level entrance test for engineering courses mooted by the centre. The committee has recommended that the state should adopt the test from 2014. The committee has also recommended giving 50-50% weightage to board and the test scores.\"The state government is also yet to take a decision on whether the weightage to board scores should be given on the aggregate marks or the scores in PCM (physics, chemistry and mathematics) and English from 2014.Till now, students were under the impression that the state government will adopt the Centre's exam pattern from 2013. However, the latest decision will bring relief to many students who were preparing for this year's entrance exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16305911", "title": "3G users likely to be the worst affected", "text": "CHENNAI: The new radiation norms for cellphone towers may be good for your health, but there is a flip side no one's talking about. Consumers across telecom networks may experience inferior voice quality, increase in call drops and congestion in coming months as companies rejig networks to decrease the power supplied to their transmission towers.The new norms for towers, which came into effect on September 1, have made the radiation limit more stringent by reducing it from 9.2 W/sq m to 0.92 W/sq m, a 10-fold decrease. It is lower than the US (12 W/sq m) and higher than China (0.4 W/sq m) and Russia (0.2 W/sq m).There are around 4.5 lakh telecom towers in India, of which 5% (around 22,000 towers) currently don't meet new guidelines. Most of them are in core areas of Delhi and Mumbai and suburbs of cities like Bangalore and Chennai, apart from other tier-1 cities, said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI).To achieve the new norms without changing the entire infrastructure, telecom companies will manually decrease the power supplied to the towers, which will bring down radiation levels. While this solves the compliance problem, it means the coverage area of each tower goes down and more towers will be needed to cover the same area. This, in turn, will increase the number of 'handovers' required to complete a call. When we move from the vicinity of one tower to another while on a call, the phone searches for the closest tower and call duties are 'handed over' to the new tower by the network. \"More towers mean your phone will search and switch between towers much more frequently than before, leading to more call drops. Up to 5% of calls can get dropped due to increased handovers,\" said the chief technology officer of a leading telecom tower equipment maker who did not wish to be quoted. \"Subscribers will not be getting the same quality.\"As companies try to move towers around or add new ones, gaps are also likely to emerge in the network, leading to insufficient coverage for both calls and data services. Most towers have both voice and data units.\"As a result of these measures, degraded services, higher congestion, lack of coverage and higher number of call drops will result for customers,\" said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI). Vodafone and Airtel didn't comment directly on the story and forwarded the queries from TOI to COAI.Why quality will declineIf new towers are not installed, gaps will occur in the networks. If towers are installed to account for gaps, it will lead to a higher density of towers, which increases interference, congestion and partially defeats the purpose of the new norms - to reduce radiation.Interference in telecom networks will be aggravated in areas with high density of buildings as well as towers. This is because signals bounce off tall buildings. A higher number of towers in a congested area can lead to a high number of reflected signals which interfere with each other, thereby leading to disturbance in calls or outright call drops.3G to be more affectedA 3G tower emits more radiation than a 2G one and so it needs to be powered down much more to meet the new norms. Therefore, 3G towers' coverage area will decrease more than 2G ones and the gaps in the network will be much larger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16308716", "title": "Udaan's first play", "text": "Raising a toast to women power, Udaan, the all-women theatre wing of Millennium Mams' \u2014 a non-profit organization that believes in the empowerment of women \u2014 presented its first play, Baawre Mann Ke Sapne, at ICCR on Wednesday.This was the first presentation by a group of housewives who had taken a 6-month course in theatre. The play was an amalgamation of excerpts from short stories by Indian women writers, woven together by Ramanjit Kaur. \"The play brought out women, tucked away in their homes, and gave them a different identity,\" said Ramanjit. The audience comprised proud husbands and women achievers such as Aparna Sen, Jaya Seal Ghosh and Madhu Neotia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303871", "title": "Property tax defaulters\u2019 names to appear in dailies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing a serious financial crunch, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to recover all the property tax dues. For this, the corporation has decided to publish the names of tax defaulters in newspapers. Officials say that defaulters will be given a month's time to settle the dues after which the corporation will initiate legal action against them.\"We have been trying to avoid this for long, but now we are left with no option. We will take stringent action against the defaulters if they don't pay up,\" Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Corporation, said.The corporation will publish the list of people who have dues more than Rs 5 lakh pending against them. As per official records, there are 1,070 defaulters and the total amount to be recovered is Rs 120 crore. \"This is a huge amount for our corporation. Our annual property tax collection target is Rs 350 crore. Post-trifurcation, our financial condition has deteriorated. We had to cut down on our expenses. We are now struggling to boost our revenue, but the options are limited,'' said Chandolia.The erstwhile MCD, too, had published the names and addresses of 4,816 defaulters last year. Councillors say that the embarrassment faced by people will help ensure faster payment. The amount due was Rs 637 crore. Officials say that a good sum was recovered by the corporation. \"The previous exercise had yielded good results. We are hopeful that this time too we will be able to get a good response,'' said Chandolia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306512", "title": "TV channel caught in Sena vs Sena crossfire", "text": "MUMBAI: In the battle of political one-upmanship in Mumbai, the victim has yet again been a non-combatant. On the day Raj Thackeray's Maharashtra Navnirman Sena dropped its opposition to a television music show featuring Pakistani artistes, two other political outfits reportedly picked up the cudgel against it.On Thursday night, two offices of channel Colors, which is to air the show 'Sur-Kshetra', were attacked in separate incidents. Its Andheri (E) operations office was vandalized around 8.30pm by 10 to 15 rod-wielding men, all of whom, the police assert, are Shiv Sainiks . A little later, around midnight, the network's Vile Parle office was pelted with stones by two bike-borne men ostensibly belonging to a little-known and newly launched group called Swaraj Sena.For the Andheri violence, till late Friday evening, the police had arrested eight Sena workers on charges of \"trespass and unlawful assembly\". No arrests were made in the Vile Parle case. The police have deployed heavy bandobast at offices of Colors, which is to premier 'Sur-Kshetra' on Saturday. A musical contest, the show features eight vocalists from Pakistan and an equal number of Indian singers and playback singer Asha Bhosale as one of the judges.\"We are not sure if the attack on Colors office was orchestrated by Sainiks,\" said Shiv Sena MLC Anil Parab. \"Still, those collaborating with Pakistani artistes should realize that they have hurt the sentiments of the people of this country. Particularly in the wake of the 26/11 attack, which the entire world knows was planned in Pakistan.\" Parab is the Vibhag Pramukh of Andheri where the Colors office was vandalized.Ameya Khopkar of MNS' film wing, Chitrapat Karmachari Sena, said, \"Shiv Sena is just trying to prove a point to us.\"According to the police, the attack on Colors' Parsi Panchayat Road office in Andheri (East) lasted a few minutes but the damage was sizeable. \"Around 8.30pm, a group of 10 to 15 men trooped into the office, which is used for auditions sometimes. The channel operates from its main office at Vile Parle, where it moved some months ago,\" said ACP Prakash Wadkar. \"The attackers were armed with rods. They went on the rampage, smashing five monitors, a glass table in the reception passage and LG hard discs on the reception counter, all collectively worth Rs 40,000. They left in minutes. But their faces have been clearly captured on CCTV cameras.\" The security guard at the office, Deepak Bodse, is the complainant in the police case.At 12.05am on Friday, two motorbike-borne men stopped on a flyover opposite the office of Viacom 18, which owns Colors, on Western Express Highway, and pelted stones at the building's glass facade. \"Five windows on the second floor, worth Rs 2 lakh, were damaged,\" said a police official. The two men then fled.The second attack's responsibility was claimed by Swaraj Sena, a political group headquartered in Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar, Ghatkopar, and headed by 24-year-old Swapnil Targe. \"The Swaraj Sena will continue to oppose the participation of Pakistani artistes in the show. My party will not tolerate the presence of Pakistani artistes on Indian TV channels or in Bollywood,\" Targe told TOI. \"My followers will continue their stir against the musical programme. I have not heard from the police yet. Let me see how Colors reacts to my protest. I will then decide my next action.\"Targe said his party's purpose is to \"oppose the unchecked influx of illegal Bangladesh migrants into Mumbai. He ridiculed the \"Hindutva parties\" for keeping mum on the TV music show. \"The manner in which the MNS did a somersault on the show will fuel doubts in the minds of patriotic citizens. Would it be wrong if people say that there was some kind of setting between the MNS and Colors channel?\"(With inputs from Bharati Dubey &amp; Sanjeev Shivadekar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16310756", "title": "Rana shoots with injury", "text": "Rana, as we all know, is a handsome hunk who is dedicated to his work. But this time, he took it a step further.Director Krish's Krishnam Vande Jagadguru (Telugu) or Ongaram (Tamil) is much-anticipated because it is the first time that Rana Daggubati and Nayanthara are coming together.Recently, they shot the climax for the film which involved physical fights. Looks like Rana who was in full form got punched in the jaw by accident. The director immediately stopped the shoot as he was very worried about the injured actor. However, Rana insisted that they continue canning the shots. But it was not to be. Rana ended undergoing surgery but he was back on the set the next day.It will be an interesting film as Rana portrays lord Narasimha Swamy in a special song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16305562", "title": "Three injured in e-way accident", "text": "PUNE: One man was severely injured and two others sustained minor injuries in a car accident near Somatne exit on Pune-Mumbai expressway after Thursday midnight.The car was coming from Mumbai to Pune. Prashant Shinde, who was driving the car, lost control over the vehicle and the car overturned near Somatne exit around 1 am. The injured have been sent to Lokmanya hospital, Nigdi for treatment, an IRB official said.Shrikhande J K, administrator, emergency medical services, Lokmanya hospital, said: \"Nandkumar Shinde (70), Neelima Shinde (53) and Priyanka Shinde (25) have been admitted in the intensive care unit. Nandkumar has fractured his ribs and his condition is serious.\"\"Prashant Shinde, husband of Priyanka, escaped unhurt. A small child, who was in the lap of Priyanka when the accident occurred, has also escaped unhurt,\" Shrikhande said. \"It was raining and water had accumulated on the road, due to which the car skidded,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16304643", "title": "Krishna renews Sarabjit plea with Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Foreign minister S M Krishna renewed clemency requests for Sarabjit Singh , the death row convict in Pakistan, in his meeting with President Asif Zardari here on Friday.According to sources, Zardari said he will keep the request in mind while seeing what can be done. Meanwhile, Sarabjit's counsel Awais Sheikh on Friday said the Pakistani government is seriously considering a mercy appeal from the Indian death row prisoner and that he could be released soon.The meeting saw some discussion on the progress of India-Pakistan relations with a stress on expanding commerce and trade. Krishna also called on Pakistani PM Raja Parvez Ashraf, a meeting described as part of getting to know the leader who took charge from Yousuf Gilani.Krishna's meetings came on a busy day when he met representatives of three coalition partners of the ruling Pakistan People's Party. The meetings with MQM, ANP and PML(Q) saw discussions on measures to build trust and increase people to people contacts.Sources said slow progress of the 26/11 trial was taken up by Krishna with Zardari while terrorism figured in the meeting between Indian and Pakistani foreign secretaries earlier in the day. Pakistani reactions seem to have been standard and somewhat pro-forma. There was better traction on cross-LoC CBMs with an agreement for pilgrims and improved trade being discussed. Both sides are trying to work out modalities to allow financial transactions on difficult issues like currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16304216", "title": "Nana Patole accuses Mahadeorao Shivankar of misusing national emblem", "text": "BHANDARA: The infighting between BJP stalwarts - MLA Nana Patole and ex-MP Mahadeorao Shivankar - reached a new level when the former lodged a complaint against the latter about misusing national emblem.Patole has lodged a written complaint with the collector and district magistrate against his party's senior leader Shivankar for misusing the national emblem and accused him of cheating and committing forgery. In a similar complaint to state legislative assembly and Lok Sabha speaker, Patole demanded registration of criminal offence and punishment for Shivankar.Patole alleged that Shivankar, a former Member of Parliament and state's finance and irrigation minister, has been using letter pads having national emblem (three lions), which were issued to him as MP, for lodging complaints against him, zilla parishad (ZP) president advocate Vasant Enchilwar and ZP public works department (PWD) committee chairman Charan Waghmare.Patole further said that Shivankar, in his complaints, has accused the three - Patole, Enchilwar and Waghmare - of being involved in corruption. \"In his complaint to the ZP CEO, Shivankar has accused us of taking kickbacks in substandard work of constructing eight roads in Sakoli taluka. He has also demanded a thorough probe into it and stringent action against those allegedly involved, including us,\" added Patole.According to Charan Waghmare, though the ZP PWD has approved eight road works, only two roads have been completed and the contractor's bill is still in the process whereas work on the remaining roads is yet to begin. \"So, where has corruption taken place?\" he said, adding, \"These are baseless allegations, made only to malign the image of our leader Patole.\"Patole said that Shiwankar was MP during 2004-09. Since has used letter pads with the national emblem even when he is no longer an MP, it amounts to misuse. In his complaints, he addresses himself as ex-MP in very small letters.Misuse of national emblem is punishable under The Emblem and Names (Prevention of Improper Use) Act, 1950, and offence can be registered under sections 420 (cheating) 465, 467 (forgery) of Indian Penal Code. BJP MLA Nana Patole says that he lodged complaint with district collector and district magistrate of Bhandara district to initiate action against ex minister and ex member of parliament Prof Mahadeo Shiwankar under above mentioned relevant acts , further he says that such persons involved in cheating and forgery shall be booked and punished.\"If the collector does not take any action against Shivankar than the issue will be raised in the winter session of the assembly,\" said Patole.The district administration is mulling filing FIR against Shivankar in the coming week, said sources.Speaking to TOI, Shivankar said, \"I have not done anything wrong. I have mentioned myself as ex-MP so I didn't commit any crime or cheat anybody. Patole is misleading the people by making such allegations.\"Shivankar went on to add that he is the original BJP man and he can't do anything against the party. \"I belong to BJP and can't or won't do anything to harm my party,\" Shivankar said categorically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16304898", "title": "BSF marks 163 vulnerable border spots", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Border Security Force (BSF) identified 163 spots along India's boundary with Pakistan and Bangladesh vulnerable to crime, illegal migration and border firing. The highest number of such spots is in West Bengal on the eastern side and Jammu and Punjab on the western border.Along the 2,308 km border with Pakistan, there are 51 vulnerable BOPs \u2014 28 in Jammu and 23 in Punjab.Jammu's BOPs are vulnerable to firing from Pakistan, said a senior BSF officer. Between July 27, when a 450m tunnel was detected in J&amp; K's Samba district, and August 21, there were 10 instances of ceasefire violations by Pakistan along the international border. Smuggling of narcotics and weapons were detected through Punjab's vulnerable BOPs.The BSF plans to build 286 more border outposts \u2014 198 along India's border with Bangladesh and 88 with Pakistan.Along the 4,096.70 km India-Bangladesh border, the BSF marked 112 of its 987 border outposts (BOPs) spread across five states as vulnerable. Of them, more than half \u2014 67 \u2014 are along Bengal's 2,200 km border with Bangladesh. They are hotbed of infiltration, human trafficking, cattle smuggling and circulation of fake Indian currency notes. Two months ago, BSF seized smuggled gold worth about 60 lakh near Petrapole in Bengal, said a source.Between January-July 31, BSF arrested 591 infiltrators on the India-Bangladesh border. Of them, 397 were arrested in Bengal, 113 in Tripura and 22 in Assam.The BSF identified 11 vulnerable BOPs in Assam, 13 in Meghalaya, one in Mizoram and two in Tripura.The major problem in Assam's 11 vulnerable BOPs is circulation of fake Indian notes and cattle smuggling, especially in Dhubri, said a BSF officer.\"After the vulnerability mapping, we have mobilized extra resources, including more weapons, ammunition and vehicles, to these BOPs,\" said a BSF officer. These spots would be under surveillance for 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16305957", "title": "Expert hand in Behala murders: Cops", "text": "KOLKATA: Police suspect the hand of insiders in the Behala multiple murders case. They believe that the killers were not only close to Gouri Bhattacharya and her son Deepak, but also known to the ayah, Moyna Roy, and domestic help Anima Das.The murder motive, however, is still not clear. All four were found with their throats slit in the Bhattacharyas' Biren Roy Road residence in Behala on Thursday evening. TOI describes for you the crime scene, the clues that the police have got and the puzzles they are facing.The elderly Moyna and the middle-aged Anima were found lying in the dining room and the ground-floor kitchen respectively with deep slits in the throat. An empty tea cup was found on the dining table.Gouri, 78, and Deepak, 52, were found dead in Gouri's bedroom on the first floor. They, too, had similar deep slits in the throat. The television was switched on. Two empty tea cups were found on the table. It seemed as if the mother and son had had tea some time back. There were no signs of resistance in the room.There were no blood stains anywhere in the house except for the first-floor toilet. From the stains in the basin, it seems the killer washed his hands and the murder weapon there.The nature of the slits suggests the use of a very sharp weapon, like a surgical knife. The similarity in the nature of wounds confirms that all four were killed by the same person, who appears to be a professional. The way the person washed his hand and the weapon points in the same direction - the involvement of a professional and cold-blooded killer. All four were possibly murdered in the afternoon.The unanswered questionsThere are several questions bothering the cops. Firstly, it's too difficult to kill four persons in a series without facing any resistance at all, even if the assailant was accompanied by others. So, had the killer sedated the victims before slitting their throats? Or, were they so close to the family and the domestic helps that the latter did not suspect them at all? And, by the time they did, it was too late.\"Except for Anima, it wouldn't be difficult to overpower the other three. The mother-son duo was ailing and the ayah was elderly,\" pointed out an officer, who feels the assailants killed Anima first.Secondly, it's apparent that the main targets were Gouri and Deepak. Then why did the killers murder the two domestic helps? To answer this, police are banking on the 'known assailant' theory. \"The killers were definitely known to the ayah and the domestic help. So, they were killed to wipe out any witness,\" said an officer.Thirdly, it seems the killers did not take any valuables from the house, not even the gold jewellery on the victims. Then, what was the motive? Was it to take revenge or a murder for some other kind of gain?The leadsDuring probe, police have gathered some crucial information. Firstly, Deepak's father Sushil had got a plot of land on Kalipada Mukherjee Road years ago as a gift from his brother. In 2011, Gouri had planned to sell it and Deepak's cousin Ashok had wished to buy the plot. Gouri initially agreed to sell him the plot for Rs 12 lakh, but later sold it to someone else. This strained the relationship between the two. But interestingly, after the death of Gouri and Deepak, who was unmarried, the property will go to Deepak's niece Debjani and her father Buddhadeb. Ashok won't gain from the murders.Secondly, in 2005, soon after the death of Deepak's elder brother Biplab, Gouri had sacked their domestic help Minati Biswas. Could this seven-year-old incident have triggered a revenge act?Thirdly, Deepak had appointed two ayahs from a centre to look after Gouri. Moyna worked night shifts and her next-door neighbour Sandhya Goswami came in the morning. Both are elderly. On Wednesday, Sandhya had informed Moyna that she was ill and requested Moyna to work in the morning, too. According to the normal schedule, Sandhya should have been on duty during the crime. Police are looking into this sudden absence of Sandhya due to illness.Apart from these, police are also looking into Deepak's business angle. They are questioning Arun Prosad, the physiotherapist who spotted the murders on Thursday evening. \"We are gathering every piece of information and trying to pick up the right clue,\" said P K Ghosh, joint CP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306534", "title": "7-year-old Chandigarh girl is world No 9 golfer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Puneet Bajwa, a seven-year-old girl, has brought laurels to Chandigarh by scoring a world ranking of nine in the US kids World Championship for Golf held recently. She was the only one who represented India in this category.Puneet, a resident of Sector 51, said she had been learning the game at Chandigarh Golf Academy for the past three years. \"My father Harmanbir Singh Bajwa motivated me to learn Golf. I have played around 30 tournaments, 13 this year,\" she said gleefully.Discussing her daily schedule, Puneet said: \"I practice Golf for more than two hours every day and at the same time, I concentrate on my studies as well. I am a Class-II student at Ryan International School in Sector 49.\"Explaining the world championship, Puneet said golfers from 37 countries participated and winning was not easy. \"My dedication towards the game, hard work and God's grace helped me. I was awarded a silver trophy,\" she said. She said her father always allowed her to explore her talent, and she never gave up.This was the first time when Puneet participated in such a championship and won a fine position. Her parents and friends hope she would attain great heights in the future. Puneet's mother Manjeet, a schoolteacher, said \"She has done us proud with her fine-tuned skills. I hope she would become an international golfer one day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16303715", "title": "Tribute to HC blast victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tearful relatives and friends remembered the victims of the Delhi high court blast on its first anniversary and gathered at the HC premises.Acting Chief Justice Arjan Kumar Sikri led judges and lawyers in paying tribute to the victims of the blast that left 15 dead and several injured. Cops at the gate revealed that a family arrived at the site at 4am and prayed in solitude before leaving. Relatives of some of the victims complained that the authorities are yet to fulfil their promise. M S Bitta, chairman of the All-India Anti-Terrorist Front, said the treatment meted out to family members of the blast victims is the \"biggest injustice\". \"No government official, whether from the state or Centre, has come to inquire about the victims' conditions, what they are going through, how they are living, etc,\" he lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303363", "title": "Poor show forces govt to get its act together on literacy front", "text": "BHOPAL: Taking a serious view of its slipping to 28th position in the country in literacy in 2011 census, the state is now gearing for a war against illiteracy and aiming to impart functional literacy to all unlettered persons of over 15 years of age.Efforts have begun to identify the districts where the centre-state funded 'Saakshar Bharat', a national programme is to be implemented by constituting literary committees up to panchayat level in 42 districts latest by November this year, said a spokesman of Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) spokesman.The programme will not cover top eight districts were female literacy is high in the state while the focus will be on those districts where female literacy is low. The scheme aims to raise state's minimum literacy rate to 80%, targeting women, scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and minorities.The literacy rates of state's 10 districts are above the national average; with Indore has the highest number of literates and Alirajpur being the lowest. Jabalpur, Indore, Bhopal, Balaghat and Gwalior are the top five literacy districts while Alirajpur, Jhabua, Barwani, Sheopur and Dhar being the bottom five districts.Considering the literacy rate by sex, as per 2011 census, Bhopal district has the highest female literacy rate of 76.6% whereas Indore district has the highest male literacy rate of 89.2%. Tribal district of Alirajpur\u2014which also has the country's lowest total literacy rate of 37.2 %--has the lowest male literacy rate of 43.6% as well as the lowest female literacy rate of 31.0% in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16303487", "title": "Cong offers reservation for women, dalits in party", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee will reserve 30% seats for women and 20% seats for dalits, tribal and minorities in the district bodies. A directive to this effect was issued to the district chiefs of the party by the All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary and in charge of party's state affairs B K Hariprasad here on Friday.On the second day of the three-day PCC meeting at the state party headquarters here, the Congress called a conference of the party's district level presidents. Addressing the party district presidents Hariprasad asked the district Congress presidents to prepare a list of members along with a proposal with the names of women, dalit, tribal and members of minority communities who could be considered for post of office-bearers.``The party has a total 225 office bearers in the district levels of whom 200 were present at the meeting,'' Congress media cell chairman Manak Agarwal said, \"Hariprasad has instructed the district party presidents to submit their proposals within the next 15 days so they can be reviewed and necessary changes be made.\"At the meeting, the district heads also recommended that the different political cells within the party be formulated soon as the next assembly elections was only 13 months away.Congress district presidents also suggested that a congregation like the 1993 Dabra Convention should be initiated to bring all factions of the party together. In 1993, late Congress leader Madhavrao Scindia had organised a convention in Dabra in Gwalior district to gather warring factions of the party under a single forum. \"The party leadership will take a decision on the proposal,'' Manak Agarwal added.As elections draw nearer, the national Congress leaders from the state will undertake foot march through rural and tribal dominated areas to bring the party back to power, Agarwal claimed. He said that the party was also maintaining a list of government officials and bureaucrats who were working as agents of the ruling BJP. ``When we come to power, action will be taken against these bureaucrats and government employees,'' Manak Agarwal said.On Saturday - the final day of the three-day PCC meeting - state party president Kantilal Bhuria, leader of opposition Ajay Singh and block Congress presidents are scheduled to meet governor Ram Naresh Yadav with a memorandum demanding stringent and punitive action against the Bajrang Dal and ABVP workers who set a NSUI worker, Rahul Joshi on fire on August 31. Joshi succumbed to his burns three days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16306573", "title": "International body to study if Bandra-Kurla Complex building heights can be raised", "text": "MUMBAI: To ensure full utilization of 4 FSI for its land-buyers in business hubs at the Bandra-Kurla Complex and Wadala and thus earn more revenue for the government, the MMRDA has requested the Canada-based International Civil Aviation Organisation to study the scope of raising the height of buildings beyond 89 metres and 110 metres in BKC and Wadala.The request follows the initial restrictions imposed by the Union civil aviation ministry over the height of buildings after the MMRDA allowed 4 FSI in these two business zones, with Wadala being at planning stage. \"We want to know if any changes in the navigational paths of flights at the airport can allow us to raise the height of buildings so as to utilize the full built-up area. At present, in the absence of permission, we are bearing losses by selling the remaining built-up area to existing occupants in these zones,\" said MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana.ICAO's reply is expected in a few weeks. It had approved the selection of Navi Mumbai airport site after studying the scope of landing and take-off funnels. \"Permission from ICAO is positively considered by the civil aviation ministry and is crucial,\" said Asthana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16304433", "title": "Mild showers received across state", "text": "JAIPUR: Mild to moderate showers were witnessed in several parts of the state on Friday. The Met office forecast heavy to very heavy rain in southern parts of the desert state.Dabok received highest rainfall of 32mm, followed by Abu Road with 17mm. While Jaipur received 12.5 mm. Banswara, Dungarpur, Udaipur and a few parts of Pratapgarh received heavy to very heavy rainfall.The Met's forecast for Jaipur city was \"Overcast skies with a likelihood of rain. The maximum and minimum temperatures would be around 29 degrees and 24 degrees Celsius, respectively.\"Incessant early morning drizzling affected office-goers and school kids. The afternoon was interspersed with sunshine and light drizzling. Mild breeze late in the evening made people throng parks and historic spots such as Nahargarh Fort and Galta. \"On Friday, the maximum temperature was 28.6 degrees Celsius and minimum was 24.2 degrees Celsius.\"So far Jaipur has received 12% more rain than the last year.Met office said the ongoing spell of mild to moderate rainfall would continue in the state for at least a week. On the other hand, the civic authorities have geared up to repair the damaged city roads. \"We have conducted a survey and found nearly 2,300 km road to be damaged due to heavy rainfall. The disaster management department has been requested to release the funds. The work will be started soon after the monsoon ends,\" a JDA official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16311173", "title": "RTO to inspect vehicles ahead of Ganapati festival.", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) of Pune has made it mandatory for the owners of trucks, trailers, tempos and other transport vehicles to get their vehicles checked before plying them during the ten day Ganapati festival starting from September 19. The vehicles are used in large numbers during processions on the first-day - Ganesh Chaturthi and immersion on Anantchaturdashi to carry idols of lord Ganesh.The RTO has asked owners of these vehicles to visit its office located at Alandi road to undertake technical inspection of vehicles. The owners are expected to carry all the necessary documents of the vehicle during inspection. The RTO has said that special checking camp will be started from Monday (September 10). The RTO will issue a fitness certificate to a vehicle after inspection, and owners are expected to carry it at the time of plying a vehicle during processions.An official from RTO said that inspection aims to avoid failure of breaks, failure of engines and break downs of vehicles during processions, which could otherwise lead to a huge chaos and traffic jams. Hundreds of Ganesh mandals in the city undertake processions of Ganesh idols on first and last day of festival. The Ganesh mandals not only carry idols, but, they also decorate the vehicles. The RTO has also appealed to the people to avoid playing of scrapped vehicles during processions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16304438", "title": "\u2018Dawood behind Mumbai\u2019s Aug 11 violence\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The security agencies are in the process of verifying the recorded conversations of a man, suspected to be Dawood Ibrahim . The security agencies now believe that Mumbai's August 11 violence took place on the behest of Dawood. Two youth were killed in the violence.Sources in the security agencies say that they came to know about suspicious conversations while monitoring a few phones. The conversation, prior to August 11 and on the day of violence, was available with the intelligence agencies but the report was not submitted to the Mumbai police even after a few days of the violence. \"Some officials suspect that Dawood himself spoke to a few people in Mumbai. The voice recorded in the phone is being matched to Dawood's latest voice. The records of Dawood's voice, which is in the possession of security agencies, are a few years old. Hence they want to verify the last month's voice sample if they are of Dawood,\" said a source. Dawood is said to be staying in Pakistan and now avoids stepping out of his bungalow since he was designated as a global terrorist by the US.Meanwhile, a senior crime branch officer in Mumbai said that he was unaware about any such conversation that took place prior to the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16303845", "title": "Cong faces Dalit fury over RBI Square renaming", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress' proposal to rename RBI Square after former chief minister, late Vilasrao Deshmukh has stirred up a hornet's nest with Dalit leaders, including some belonging to Congress, charging the party with shortchanging the community. This feeling is shared by most Dalits. Unnerved by the reaction, many Congress leaders now want a different location for Deshmukh's statue.Dalit organizations had submitted a proposal to deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav in April demanding that RBI Square should be renamed as Samvidhan Chowk. As the statue of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar , the father of Indian Constitution is situated there, they wanted the square to be named as Samvidhan (Constitution) Chowk. Jadhav immediately sent the proposal to Dharampeth zone for clearance. However, the zone office didn't act on it.On August 24, guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe submitted a memorandum for renaming the square after ex-CM late Vilasrao Deshmukh. This proposal was cleared within ten days. NMC floated advertisements in newspapers on Thursday in this regard.Dalit leaders including all BSP corporators immediately met municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane and apprised him about the facts. Wardhane stayed the new proposal and asked Dharampeth zone to clear the first proposal by Friday. He also issued a show cause notice to junior engineer G D Mendulkar for not acting on the first proposal.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta is now blaming NMC for the mess. \"We were given a booklet containing the names of squares and roads of the city. As RBI Square had not been named after any leader, we chose it. NMC had not told us about the earlier proposal. We are not adamant about RBI Square and only want that a prominent square in Civil Lines should be renamed after Deshmukh,\" he said adding all parties had unanimously agreed to name a prominent square after the ex-CM.Dalit leaders refuse to buy this explanation. BSP corporator Kishore Gajbhiye said, \"Any proposal to rename a road or square has to be submitted to deputy mayor Jadhav but Congress submitted it to Wardhane. Our proposal gathered dust for four months but theirs was cleared within ten days. Is this not flagrant discrimination? Did none of the Congress corporators know about our proposal,\" he asked.Trisharan Sahare, vice-chairman of INTUC Young Workers' Council, a Congress frontal, said, \"The square has a special importance for us due to Dr Ambedkar's statue. We hold programmes and take out rallies from the square.\"Meanwhile, a Dalit organization Awaz, has demanded that MP Vilas Muttemwar should rename his residence as Vilasrao Deshmukh Smruti Bhavan, since he held the ex-CM in high esteem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16306483", "title": "Panjab University polls: Smart strategy helped them", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For former Panjab University student Harpreet Multani, who is the mentor of Students Organization of Panjab University (SOPU): \"Elections are won not merely with hard work and canvassing but with a smart strategy?\" Even as Satinder Singh (Satti) takes over as the new president of Panjab University Campus Student Council (PUCSC), the real faces behind the victory or the backroom boys are Multani and Brinder Dhillon, who had been slogging hard to ensure victory. Both, although not students of PU, have been freely assisting and overseeing the entire campaign and have eventually brought victory for their party. TOI culled out some interesting facts on these two student leaders and how they changed the face of the elections.\"We had a very close contest and we thought we would loose if we don't pull up. Since we are an incumbent party, the biggest challenge we had to face was anti-incumbency and we had to find a solution for it,\" said Dhillon, who is known for his aggressive and insistent style on student issues.The two strategists, however, have a troubled background while studying on campus. One was expelled from the campus for involvement in a serious offence, while another is yet to complete the degree he started years ago. Both admit that they had not been happy with the work SOPU panel did last year for student welfare. \"The work was not as per our satisfaction. We want to do more and raise more student-related issues,\" said Dhillon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-08"}
